Year	Name	NFLid	Pos	Coll	Overview	Strengths	Weaknesses
2011	Sam Acho	2495101	DL	Texas	Acho is a good football player who shines off the field, as he was awarded the 2010 William V. Campbell Trophy for excellence in the classroom and the community.  On the field, he is a strong relentless pass rusher who uses his hands to keep blockers at bay.  However, he is a bit of tweener at this point, as he does not have the bulk to be stout against the run and lacks the athleticism to play linebacker in a 3-4 defense.  Acho will win the interview and could be picked on Day 2 by a team impressed with his intelligence and character.	Acho is tall enough with a muscular build.  Has a strong upper body and plays with good leverage.  Flashes the ability to knock tackles on their heels with a powerful bull rush.  Solid tackler that consistently wraps the ball carrier.  Fierce competitor with impeccable character. 
								Does not explode off the line and struggles to get around the edge.  A bit stiff in the hips and is a liability on his feet in the open field.  Range is limited and he will not make plays on the backside.  Can be engulfed by bigger offensive tackles.  Late recognizing counter plays and draws at times.   
							
2011	Pierre Allen	2495103	DL	Nebraska	Allen has the frame and athleticism to make a roster as a backup 4-3 defensive end or outside linebacker in a 3-4 front.  Some potential to start down the line if his pass rushing upside can be realized and overall instincts improve.   Currently flashes good burst off the line and active hands but doesn't consistently get to the quarterback.  Sounds against the run.  Holds outside contain, keep blockers off his body, can maintain two-gap integrity and occasionally make plays in pursuit.  Has some athleticism to drop into coverage but more development is needed.  Allen could sneak into the mid rounds.	Allen is a great combination of outstanding size and good speed for a 4-3 defensive end or 3-4 outside linebacker.  Flashes the natural tools to get to the quarterback.  Sets the edge with his length, can shed blocks and is a sure tackler.  Shows the ability to crash down the line and make backside plays.  Good motor.
								Production and technique while pass rushing aren't where they need to be.  Doesn?t always get the edge.  Struggles when initial burst is stopped - doesn't have natural counter moves.  Occasionally gives up backside contain too quickly.  If deployed as a 3-4 OLB, won't matchup favorable in man coverage. 
							
2011	Anthony Allen	2495106	RB	Georgia Tech	Allen has a combination of burst, power and toughness that should be able to gain yardage on the ground in the NFL.  Future role could depend on how smoothly he can transition from a triple-option offense to a pro-style attack.  Was productive at Louisville before transferring.  Gets through the hole quickly, battles for extra yards and protects the football.  Not going to break too many big ones, but a guy who can move the chains.  Lacks experiencing catching the football and pass blocking but has the makeup and skills to succeed in both areas.  Allen currently carries a late-round grade.	Allen's a back with great height, good bulk, and solid speed for his size.  Is a true downhill runner who doesn't waste time dancing in the backfield.  Has enough burst through the line of scrimmage and will break tackles with good lean, leg drive and the occasional stiff arm.  Is a capable blocker.  Exhibits good toughness.
								Only possesses adequate speed and is not a homerun threat.  Needs to improve his patience as a runner and doesn't have much opportunity to do so in Georgia Tech's triple-option attack.  Must improve his polish in the pro-style passing game (receiving and blocking).  Not going to make too many tacklers miss with agility or quickness. 
							
2011	Prince Amukamara	2495108	CB	Nebraska	Amukamara has the size, speed and awareness to start from day one and turn into one of the league's finer players at the cornerback position.  Takes advantage of his instincts and smarts in zone coverage but also has the ability to hold up when asked to cover on an island.  Possesses good overall ball skills and hands.  Will help out and support the run.  Durable, aggressive, competitive and hard-working.  No major weaknesses in his game, but isn't a true burner in terms of straight-line speed.  Amukamara will likely be selected early in the first round, possibly in the top 10.	Amukamara is an exceptional blend of height, strength and speed.  Very sound positioning and instincts in zone coverage and diagnoses quickly.  Can play on an island in man.  Uses size to press and re-route at the line, can turn and run and recover, and tracks the ball well.  Willing and productive in run support.
								Not too many holes in his game.  Does not possess elite fluidity and idles down a bit in and out of his breaks and when turning to recover.  Can struggle at times to get off blocks near the line.  Not a big hitter.  Only has two-plus years of starting experience.
							
2011	David Arkin	2495112	OL	Missouri St.	Arkin's an experienced, durable offensive guard prospect with the intelligence, work-ethic and toughness to make it in the league as a reserve and possibly a starter down the line.  Improving his overall technique as a pass and run blocker would go a lot way in moving him up a depth chart.  Needs to do a better job with his hands, sink his hips more and watch his pad level.  Displays good awareness.  Has the killer instinct that can't be taught and we don't expect him to be afraid of the jump in competition. 	Arkin has a mean streak.  Plays angry and always finishes his blocks but still has a cool head, helps out in blitz pickup when free, and isn't baited by defensive line play.  Legs are always driving while run blocking and gets some movement.  Can take on the bull rush.
								Pass blocking technique needs improvement.  Doesn't sink his hips and hand play is a bit sloppy.  Quicker, athletic defensive tackles can beat him laterally.  Doesn't have great burst off the ball, needs to watch his pad level and can lean and lunge.  Footwork out in space is only adequate.
							
2011	Marvin Austin	2495114	DL	North Carolina	Austin has first round talent, but he did not play football last season and there are concerns about his character and work ethic.  He appears to be a prototypical 3-technique defensive tackle, as he is a big boy with outstanding athleticism.  He has great feet and the lateral agility to move quickly down the line and make tackles on the edge.  He uses his quick heavy hands to shed blocks and has the closing burst to make plays in the backfield.  Austin's off the field issues may prevent him from being a first round pick, but he could be a major steal in round two.	Austin has great size and speed for the position.  Explodes off the ball and shows great foot quickness.  Possesses superb lateral agility and the range to make plays outside the tackle box.  Strong player with a thick lower half that flashes a powerful bull rush to collapse the pocket.       
								Plays too high and struggles to fend off double teams.  Takes too long to locate the ball and can be engulfed by down blocks.  Does not have an extensive repertoire of pass rushing moves.  Will take plays off and has a questionable work ethic.  Missed entire 2010 season after being deemed ineligible.
							
2011	Allen Bailey	2495116	DL	Miami	Bailey could occupy a few different roles in a 4-3 defense.  May find a home as a strong side end or at defensive tackle and certainly provides a coordinator the versatility to move him around.  Uses his hands, power moves and good get off to pressure the passer.  Very complete against the run.  Holds his base very well, gets off blocks, fights through double teams and is a sure tackler when arriving at the ball-carrier.  Shows sound awareness and positioning on the field. Relentless in pursuit either from the backside or down the field.  Bailey's a probable first round pick.	Bailey possesses an excellent physique and good speed.  Has good initial quickness and a variety of power moves to rush the passer.  Can hold up at the point of attack.  Low and quick out of his stance.  Keeps lineman away from his body and maintains two-gap responsibilities.  Instinctive, versatile and has a good motor.
								Bit of a defensive end / defensive tackle 'tweener.  Does not consistently get offensive tackles' shoulders turned when coming off the edge.  Won't require a double-team in the passing game.  Doesn't have the size or pure bulk of a natural two-gap plugger.  Suffered a back injury in high school. 
							
2011	Joseph Barksdale	2495118	OL	LSU	Barksdale's a backup right tackle prospect with exceptional size but less-than-adequate athleticism for the next level.  Uses his strength to stop the bull rush in pass protection, but has a difficult time dealing with double-moves or edge rushers.  Can create some running room by walling off defenders but doesn't fire off the ball, get a ton of movement, or excel locating targets at the second level.  Has good football IQ, picking up blitzers and staying home against stunts, but limited athleticism still causes him to be a step late at times.  Developmental prospect worthy of a late-round pick.	Barksdale has ideal size for the tackle position.  Capable of thwarting power pass rushers and using his windspan to push rushers past the pocket.  Does a good job getting into position while running blocking and letting his size take over.  Can picks up blitzing linebackers and stays home against stunts.  Experienced and durable.
								Not a great overall athlete.  Lacks some quickness and flexibility.  Speed rushers give him problems in pass pro.  3-techiniques can beat him to the point in the running game.  Not overly comfortable blocking in space.  Not a true road-grader.  Has natural strength but doesn?t doesn't play with nastiness.
							
2011	Jeremy Beal	2495120	DL	Oklahoma	Beal is an undersized college defensive end that will likely have to move to a 3-4 outside linebacker in the NFL.  He explodes off the ball, shows good lean to get around the corner and has a vast repertoire of pass rushing moves.  He has an outstanding motor and never gives up on plays.  He is a fluid athlete that flashes the ability to play in space and he has a great feel for the game and should hold up in zone coverage.  Beal lacks experience as a linebacker, but has the tools to play there and will likely hear his name on Day 2.	Beal is thickly built with a quick first step.  Possesses solid instincts, always keeps contain and quickly recognizes screens and draws.  Relentless pass rusher that plays with good leverage and shows effective counter moves.  Fluid in transition and flashes the ability to cover underneath routes in zone coverage. 
								Lacks the closing burst to consistently get after the quarterback and make plays from the backside.  Does not show the strength to anchor against the run.  Will not be able to stick with running backs and tight ends in man coverage at the next level.  Lacks the experience playing in a two point stance.
							
2011	Ahmad Black	2495122	SS	Florida	Black's an undersized safety prospect who should be able to contribute immediately in sub-packages and as a special teams cover guy even if he never becomes a starter.  Has excellent instincts.  Plays tough and is durable despite lack of size.  Very capable in deep cover-2 or lining up over slots but doesn't have the size or length against physical receivers.  Flies to the ball, is a sure tackler when coming up to support the run, and will make plays in the backfield when asked to blitz.  Black overcame his lack of size in college and may get the chance to do so again as a mid-round pick.	Black has outstanding instincts and awareness.  Always seems to be in position and breaks quickly on the ball.  Very comfortable playing the deep half.  Smooth athlete who can cover slots and tight ends in man.  Likes to mix it up in run support, diagnoses quickly and pursues fast but under control.  Can make plays blitzing off the edge.
								Does not have adequate size of a starting NFL safety.  Has trouble defending against taller, stronger receivers and tight ends.  Not going to win too many jump ball battles and can be boxed out.  Despite his willingness to support the run, can be engulfed by blockers with good feet.
							
2011	Clint Boling	2495123	OL	Georgia	Boling's a prospect with a lot of starting experience at both guard and tackle spots who profiles best as an NFL guard.  A savvy, maximum-effort guy who could find a home with a franchise that values technique and mobility up front above pure strength.  Has great awareness and understands the finer points of line play.  Is comfortable when zone blocking or matched up against speed rushers or gap penetrators in pass pro.  Isn't going to blow defenders off the ball and stand his ground against the bull rush.  Experienced, versatile and durable, Boling could come off the board in the third round.	Boling possesses very good mobility.  Clearly a guy who passes attention in the film room.  Plays with a high compete level and displays some nastiness.  Does a good job with his hands and feet against speed rushers.  Comfortable when zone blocking and gets in good position.  Very durable and experienced.
								Lacks the height and bulk to stick at tackle in the NFL.  Power rushing defensive ends give him a lot of trouble.  Needs to show more consistency anchoring and sinking his hips.  Doesn't get good movement in the downhill running game.  Had one documented off-the-field issue.
							
2011	Matt Bosher	2495124	K	Miami	Bosher has the experience, versatility and talent to contribute in the NFL.  Probably more of a placekicking prospect than punting prospect at this time.  Has enough kicking power to make some long field goals and drive some punts down the field but kicking accuracy drops with distance and occasionally takes too long to get punts off.  Very accurate on shorter field goal attempts, but touch when directional punting is only adequate.  Good athlete who can help coral a returner who breaks free. Stayed healthy in college while shouldering a big special teams load.  Bosher's a late-round or free agent prospect.	Bosher is versatile having handled kicking, kick offs and punting duties.  Has good leg strength and great accuracy on short-to-intermediate length field goal attempts.  Is a good athlete with enough size and surprising speed for a kicker who can handle bad snaps and take proper angles when tackling on returns.  Durable.
								Had multiple punts blocked in college and needs to get them off quicker.  Struggles to consistently drive the ball toward the goal line with adequate hang time on kickoffs.  Directional punting only average.  Does not have great accuracy on longer field goal attempts.
							
2011	Allen Bradford	2495125	RB	USC	Bradford has linebacker size at the running back position and could be an effective player between the tackles at the next level.  He is a strong runner with very good balance that excels in short yardage situations, but he does not have the speed, agility, or receiving skills to be a featured back in the NFL.  Also, he thinks he is a finesse back at times and tries to break big runs to the outside which usually result in losses.  Overall, Bradford has the strength and vision to be a weapon on third and short and he should be a mid-to-late round pick.	Bradford is a big muscular back.  Possesses good vision and finds seams between the tackles.  Runs with good lean, keeps his legs churning and consistently picks up yards after contact.  Pushes the pile in short yardage situations and is effective along the goal line.      
								Does not have the top end speed to turn the corner and lacks explosiveness.  Not athletic enough to make people miss in the open field.  Dances a lot for a big man and has too many negative runs.  Is a non factor in the passing game and is a liability in pass protection.  
							
2011	Chykie Brown	2495126	DB	Texas	Brown is a well built cornerback with great speed, but he is a liability in run support.  He can run with anybody on vertical routes and quickly closes when the ball is in the air.  However, he lacks the hip fluidity to mirror shiftier wide receivers and he will not be a lock down corner at the next level.  He misses a lot of tackles by diving at ball carriers and is pushed around by wide receivers and loses contain too often in run support.  Brown's top end speed is alluring, but his limitations as a tackler make him a later round pick.       	Brown has adequate height and bulk with long arms.  Possesses very good speed and can stick with receivers on go routes.  Well positioned in zone coverage and closes quickly on underneath routes.  Uses strong upper body to deliver an effective press.  Hard worker that can contribute on special teams.       
								Does not show the ability to anticipate routes.  Less than smooth back pedal and he is a bit stiff in the hips so he loses speed in transition.  Struggles to locate the ball in the air and lacks the ball skills to intercept passes.  Not a willing tackler and has very poor technique.    
							
2011	Curtis Brown	2495127	DB	Texas	Brown has great foot speed and enough size to develop into a quality starting cornerback at the next level.  He has the long speed to blanket receivers on go routes and the hip fluidity to maintain momentum on double moves.  He is effective on an island in man coverage and is well positioned in zone.  He is a bit of a liability in run support, but he is a quick-twitched athlete that should not have a problem covering agile slot receivers in the NFL.  Brown should be able to play immediately in nickel and dime packages and he will probably be a second day pick.  	Brown has good length and excellent speed.  Explosive in transition and can stick with shifty receivers in man coverage.  Confident kid that can jump underneath routes in zone coverage.  Possesses very good ball skills and can cover taller receivers in jump ball situations.  Effective in press coverage
								Peeks in the backfield at times and can be burned by ball fakes.  Lacks bulk and struggles to disengage from receivers in run support.  Does not show the ability to break down ball carriers in space and is a bit of an arm tackler.  Not a playmaker despite having good ball skills.   
							
2011	Vincent Brown	2495128	WR	San Diego St.	After a monster senior season, Brown appears to be a sleeper in this year's draft.  He is a bit undersized, but fights off the press effectively and has a knack for getting open in both man and zone coverage.  He has adequate speed and a bit of a wiggle to make people miss in the open field.  His greatest asset is his competiveness, as he plays angry and willingly sacrifices his body to make catches and is a great run blocker.  Overall, Brown's physical attributes are less than ideal, but he is tough football player that could sneak into Day 2.  	Brown is long with enough speed to stretch the field.  Shows good burst in and out of breaks allowing him to get open in man coverage.  Well prepared kind that finds holes in zone.  Fearless on crossing routes and puts his body on the line to make plays. Willing blocker that seeks out contact.  
								Not exactly a burner who may struggle to be a playmaker at the next level.  A bit raw as a route runner and makes too many body catches.  Lacks the leaping ability and balls skills to make plays in the red zone on fade routes.  Played in a smaller conference and will have to adjust to bigger faster players.        
							
2011	Kendric Burney	2495129	DB	North Carolina	Burney missed the first seven games of the 2010 season due to NCAA violations, but he is an explosive corner that could be very effective in sub packages.  He is undersized, but has excellent speed and the short-area burst to mirror receivers in man coverage.  He also shows very good instincts in zone and has the lateral agility and burst to make big returns after interceptions.  He is not an effective presser at the line and will be out-muscled by bigger receivers when the ball is in the air.  Burney will be effective in nickel and dime packages and should be a Day 2 pick. 	Burney has excellent speed.  Confident kid that has a knack for anticipating routes in zone coverage and the hands to make interceptions.  Explosive athlete that closes fast with the ball in the air and has the extra gear to stick with burners on go routes.  Willing tackler in run support. 
								Lacks the strength to shed blockers in the running game and will get run over on occasion when trying to make a tackle.  Shorter athlete that struggles to make plays in jump ball situations.  Sloppy footwork limits his speed in transition at times.  Over-aggressive and can be vulnerable to double moves.  
							
2011	Mario Butler	2495130	DB	Georgia Tech	Butler possesses the coveted height and enough athleticism to make it in the league as a backup.  Probably doesn't have the instincts in zone or pure man coverage ability to become a fulltime starter.  Does a good job seeing plays develop in front of him, reacting to the football and coming up with intensity but needs to become a more consistent tackler.  Can make some plays on the football with his height and adequate hands but isn't a big time leaper and won't haul-in many interceptions.  Probably more of a late-round prospect but has a chance to get into the mid rounds.	Butler's a hard-worker who has steadily improved his game over time.  Has good height for a corner prospect.  Comfortable in off-man or zone coverage, seeing plays develop in front of him and reacting to the football.  Will use his length to high-point the football against shorter receivers.  Eager to help out in run support.
								Lacking some top-end speed and strength.  Will require safety help over the top at the next level.  Susceptible to double-moves, hitch-and-goes, etc.  Not the smoothest athlete turning and transitioning.  Doesn't have much experience in press-man.  Needs to polish up his tackling technique and can be engulfed by blockers when coming up in run support.
							
2011	Marcus Cannon	2495131	OL	TCU	Cannon is a big boy with sneaky athleticism that could develop into a starting right tackle at the next level.  He shows good initial quickness and can really push around defenders once he gets his hands on them.  He moves well enough to mirror defenders in pass protection and shows the ability to pursue moving targets in the second level on run plays.  The biggest concern is his inability to consistently recognize blocking assignments and he gets beat far too often on stunts and blitzes.  If he can improve his instincts and understanding of the game he could be a force and he will likely be a second day pick.     	Cannon is mammoth right tackle with quick feet for his size.  Plays with wide base and good balance.  Dominates opponents in the running game and uses his hands to lock out edge rushers in pass protection.  Athletic enough to make blocks in the second level.  Flashes a mean streak and finishes blocks.  
								Lacks the lateral agility to consistently block faster edge rushers at the next level.  Does not deliver a good shot on contact despite his strength.  Gets confused by stunts and blitzes and misses assignments.  Takes too many false start penalties.  There are concerns about his conditioning and he must keep his weight down. 
							
2011	Gabe Carimi	2495132	OL	Wisconsin	Carimi was the 2010 Outland Trophy winner as the best interior lineman in college football and it appears likely that he will have continued success at the next level.  Carimi is simply a "bad man" who looks to punish defensive ends on every play.  His non-stop motor, coupled with his ideal size, make him a terror in the running game and he has enough athleticism to hold his own in pass protection.  Like all tall lineman, Carimi struggles at times with leverage and may have to make the move to right tackle in the NFL.  Overall, Carimi is a beast who should be picked in the middle of the first round.  	Carimi is a massive tackle that plays mean and looks to dominate opponents.  Heady player that recognizes blitzes and adjusts quickly.  Delivers a powerful punch and effectively locks out his arms to push rushers past the pocket in pass protection.  Moves well for a big man and smothers defenders in the running game.   
								Does not sink his hips well and struggles to maintain leverage which makes him vulnerable to shorter defensive ends.  Footwork is a bit sloppy at times in pass protection which allows defenders to get to the edge.  Not fluid enough to consistently make blocks in space.  
							
2011	Rashad Carmichael	2495133	DB	Virginia Tech	Carmichael has plenty of speed, which is the most important commodity in the NFL.  He has fluid hips and very good agility to mirror wide receivers in man coverage and shows the ability to recognize tendencies and jump routes in zone coverage.   He is a bit undersized and can struggle in run support, but he is a tough competitor who has a relentless motor.  Although he has good hands and leaping skills, he tends to keep his back to the quarterback, limiting his ability to track the ball in the air.  Carmichael looks to be a third- or fourth-round prospect.	Carmichael has elite top end speed.  Confident kid with very good footwork and the agility to stick in man coverage.  Has strong hands, good body control and shows the ability to high point the football.  Plays with a bit of a mean streak and will not shy away from contact.  
								Slightly undersized for the cornerback position and can be out- muscled by bigger wide receivers.  A bit of a liability in run support as he dips his head when tackling and rarely wraps.  Despite above average ball skills, he struggles to locate the ball in the air and will be exposed in the red zone on fades.  
							
2011	James Carpenter	2495134	OL	Alabama	Carpenter has a chance to end up as a starter and certainly has the ability to provide valuable depth as a backup.  Looks the part of an NFL left tackle with his great size and frame.  At this stage, Carpenter grades out as a good pass blocker but just adequate in the running game.  His game could benefit from some improved awareness in blitz pickup.  Would become more valuable as a run blocker with increased strength and power.  Carpenter should hear his name called during the middle rounds of the 2011 NFL Draft	Carpenter is a highly-durable player who has been able to stay on the field during his career.  Has the height and build you look for at the offensive tackle position.  Does a good job in pass protection against the speed and bull rush.  Possesses the athletic ability to get to the second level when run blocking.
								Can be beat by good counter moves in pass protection.  Will occasionally struggle against defensive line stunts and elaborate blitz packages.  Does not consistently drive defenders off the line of scrimmage in the downhill running game.  Would benefit from playing with a little more fire.
							
2011	Quinton Carter	2495135	DB	Oklahoma	Carter is quality cornerback that can contribute in sub packages at the next level, but lacks the speed to line up against big-play receivers.  He is a smart football player that understands his responsibilities in zone coverage and he has the smooth hips and lateral agility to mirror slot receivers in and out of their breaks.  He is a fierce competitor that is strong in press coverage and looks to make tackles in run support.  Carter has plenty of savvy and the right attitude to make up for less than ideal speed and will likely be a middle round pick. 	Carter is a tall corner with good range.  Fluid athlete that maintains speed in transition to stick with shifty slot receivers in man coverage.  Well prepared kid that is always in sound position and anticipates routes in zone coverage.  Takes good angles to the ball carrier and is a willing tackler.  
								Does not have the explosion to quickly close gaps and lacks the deep speed to stick with burners on go routes.  Not a great leaper that loses jump balls against bigger receivers and tight ends.  Struggles to disengage from blocks in run support and hits too high at times when tackling.  
							
2011	Bruce Carter	2495136	LB	North Carolina	Carter is an excellent athlete, but he tore his ACL in November and has a long road to recovery.  He is an explosive athlete that takes proper angles in run support and has excellent speed to make plays from sideline-to-sideline.  He is a very fluid, transitions with ease and is very effective dropping into coverage.  He struggles to disengage from bigger blockers in and must add more bulk to become stouter against the run.  If Carter recovers fully from his injury, he has the athleticism to develop into a very productive weak side linebacker and may still be an early Day 2 pick.  	Carter is a tall muscular player that runs very well.  Flashes great explosiveness at the point of attack and has the closing burst to make plays in the backfield.  Drops smoothly in coverage and possesses the fluidity to stick with backs and tight ends in man coverage.  Very disciplined player that maintains leverage and does not bite on play fakes.  
								Lacks the bulk to consistently take on blocks and struggles to disengage.  Possesses less than ideal instincts and is a step slow reacting to the play.  Not overly aggressive and waits for the play to come to him at times.  Does not have a repertoire of counter moves when pass rushing and is too easily stymied.   
							
2011	Anthony Castonzo	2495137	OL	Boston College	Castonzo has the potential to develop into a top left tackle capable of shutting down top speed rushers.  Started his first game as a true freshman and didn't leave the field during his four years at BC.  He has very good mobility.  Masks his lack of strength, to a certain extent, with quickness and positioning.  Would be a good fit in a zone-blocking scheme or on a club that loves the screen game.  Will probably never be a favorable matchup when facing bigger, more powerful NFL defensive lineman.  Still, Castonzo is a first rounder with a chance to be the first O-lineman taken.	Castonzo possesses ideal height for the tackle position and has great feet.  A highly-productive and extremely durable performer with over 50 starts in his college career.  Smart, tough player and a hard worker.  Huge, long frame coupled with impressive mobility allows him to shut down speed rushers.  Puts himself in good position while run blocking.  Comfortable and productive in space.
								Must improve his bulk and playing strength (both upper and lower body).  Can be beat by a strong bull rush or violent pass rushing moves.  Can get caught dipping his head in pass protection. Does not push people off the line of scrimmage in the running game.  
							
2011	Chimdi Chekwa	2495138	DB	Ohio St.	Chekwa lacks the measurables to line up against a number one receiver in the NFL, but he has the skills to develop into an effective corner in sub packages.  He is a smooth athlete that shows the hip fluidity to be solid in both man and zone coverage.  He also flashes the ability to close quickly and break up passes on underneath routes.  He does not have the explosiveness to mirror faster receivers and takes too long to fill in run support despite being a willing tackler.  Overall, Chekwa is fluid enough to cover slot receivers and should be a Day 3 pick.  	Chekwa has adequate height and bulk.  Fluid through the hips and transitions smoothly to turn and run with receivers.  Flashes the ability to close the gap when the ball is in the air.  Locates the ball quickly and uses his hands to break up passess.  Hard worker that is very coachable.    
								Does not have enough speed to play on an island at the next level.  Struggles to diagnose routes and is not always in proper position in coverage.  Lacks reliable hands and drops too many potential picks.  Takes poor angles in run support and does not shed blocks effectively.  Has a nagging hip injury.     
							
2011	Charles Clay	2495139	TE	Tulsa	Clay was an ultra productive pass catching fullback in Tulsa's spread offense.  He is a powerful runner that gets the difficult yards between the tackles and consistently finds running lanes due to good vision.  He frequently lined up at tight end at Tulsa and was a difficult matchup for defensive backs.  However, he is a bit of a man without a position, as he does not have the blocking skills to lead a heavy running attack or the refined receiving skills to be a tight end.  Overall, Clay has enough athleticism to make an NFL roster and should be a middle round draft pick.       	Clay is an athletic fullback that is a weapon in the receiving game.  Possesses good lateral agility and makes people miss in the open field.  Delivers powerful shots blocking and shows good leg drive.  Strong enough to push the pile in short yardage situations and can break tackles in the secondary.    
								Lacks proper blocking technique and struggles to sustain blocks.  Misses assignments at times in pass protection.  Runs a bit high and does not always fight for extra yards to finish runs.  Does not have reliable hands and lets the ball get inside his body too often.  Needs to sharpen his route running.         
							
2011	Adrian Clayborn	2495140	DL	Iowa	Clayborn has the ability to be a very good starting defensive end in a 3-4 or 4-3 front and can play some defensive tackle in passing situations.  Smart, instinctual player, especially against the run.  Doesn't stay blocked long and can stop the running game right at him.  Uses his hands and power to take a direct route to the quarterback.  Doesn't possess elite quickness or top-end speed which limits his big play ability rushing the passer, away from him in the running game, and in space.  Clayborn could draw interest from several clubs due to his versatility.  Probable first round pick.	Clayborn has good size.  Uses a variety of power moves to jolt offensive lineman and get to the quarterback. Holds his ground well, gets off blocks and is a sure tackler when run at.  Can play strong side end in a 4-3, the 5-technique in a 3-4, or move inside on passing downs.  Great football IQ.
								Lacks elite initial burst to consistently beat NFL tackles and get the corner.  Overall athleticism and fluidity is just adequate.  Not overly comfortable tackling in space or dropping into coverage.  Won't consistently make plays chasing from the backside.  Has some off-the-field issues.
							
2011	Graig Cooper	2495141	RB	Miami	If healthy, Cooper has the talent to be a playmaking starting running back.  Very shifty runner who shakes tackles, changes direction with ease, sticks his foot in the ground and gets upfield with authority.  Definitely a candidate to contribute early in the passing game with his receiving skills.  Flashes starting receiver-caliber hands and is dangerous in the open field.  Injury history, lack of bulk or power, and pass blocking are concerns.  Loves to compete and not afraid to fight for extra yardage.  Has experience as a return man.  Medical staff reports and individual workouts could impact his stock.  No higher than a mid-round prospect.	Cooper has ideal height and very good speed.  Highly-competitive player with an aggressive running style.  Patiently waits for holes to open and then gets downhill in a hurry.  Has great quickness and can make defenders miss.  Runs with good pad level and breaks some tackles.  Excellent receiver who is a threat to pick up chunks after the catch.
								Suffered a season knee injury at the end of junior season and was not as impressive as a senior.  Lacks the natural bulk and power needed to consistently push the pile.  Doesn't always protect the football.  Can be driven back into the quarterback by power rushers in pass protection.
							
2011	Chris Culliver	2495142	DB	South Carolina	Culliver has the pure cover skills to eventually develop into a starter but does not display natural instincts and is not willing or productive in run support.  Is versatile enough to play corner or free safety.  Has the athleticism and speed to shadow in man coverage and the hip fluidity to turn and run but lack of route anticipation allows receivers to gain separation.  Has the range to play the deep half or middle in zone but can be sucked in by play-action.  Really needs to improve his ability to diagnose run and be productive coming up in support.  Culliver's a mid-round talent with higher upside.	Culliver's a nice combination of height and speed.  Smooth, fluid athlete.  Can flip his hips or mirror receivers on underneath routes.  Displays a good closing burst to the football.  Very comfortable with deep half responsibilities and can as a single-high safety.  Ball skills are good.
								Liability in run support.  Doesn't want to take on blockers and takes too long to shed.  Pursuit angles need work and also fails to breakdown and tackle in space at times.  Tackling technique needs to be more consistent.  Awareness in coverage is still a work in progress.  Lacks some recovery speed when on an island.
							
2011	Andrew Dalton	2495143	QB	TCU	Dalton is four-year starter and proven winner, but he will have a difficult transition to the NFL.  He is undersized and will not be able to take off and run at the next level.    He is generally an accurate passer, however he will make some poor throws when his mechanics break down.  Also, he plays in a very user friendly scheme where he throws to a lot of wide open receivers and it is unclear if he can fit the ball into tight windows.  Dalton will need some time to learn a more complicated offense and he looks to be a mid-round pick.      	Dalton is a well prepared player that scans the whole field and makes solid decisions.  Has a quick release, a strong arm and is an accurate passer, especially on the run.  Has great mobility in the pocket and shows very good instincts as a runner.  Extremely productive collegiate career.  
								On the shorter side and has a three-quarter delivery which will likely result in a lot of batted passes.  Deeper throws will float at times when he does not set his feet.  Played in a spread offense and will have to learn a pro style system.  Does not always feel pressure in the pocket which nullifies his good mobility.           
							
2011	Noel Devine	2495144	RB	West Virginia	Devine can be a human highlight film, but his diminutive stature may limit his ability to make an impact at the next level.  Quicker than fast, he is always at full speed and has plenty of wiggle to make defenders miss in the open field.  He is also an asset in the passing game with reliable hands and terrific short area quickness.  His size will prevent him from being a load back at the next level, however, given the success of smaller backs like the Patriots' Danny Woodhead, he could be an effective change-of-pace back.  Overall, Devine will likely be a Day 2 selection unless teams are scared off by his difficult past.     	Devine is an electric back capable of going the distance on every carry.  Displays very good vision and patience, finds running lanes quickly, and reaches top speed in an instant.  Possesses reliable hands and is a nightmare to tackle in the open field due to excellent change of direction skills.     
								Does not have the size to be an every-down running back in the NFL.  Lacks the lower body strength to battle for tough yards up the middle and will not break many tackles at the next level.  Stumbles frequently because he runs with an exaggerated forward lean.  Has character concerns.  
							
2011	Patrick Devlin	2495145	QB	Delaware	Devlin has a chance to turn into a starting NFL quarterback and should be a capable backup early on.  Teams may want to investigate his transfer from Penn State to FCS Delaware.  Blessed with the size for the position.  Has enough arm strength for the next level but not quite enough zip to put the ball into tight spots.  Accuracy is not on par with his outstanding competition percentage at this stage.  Shows glimpses of a poised signal-caller who can scan the field and make good decisions with the football but isn't consistent enough yet.  Probable mid-round selection.	Devlin looks the part of an NFL quarterback with his great height and build.  Has a quick, over-the-top delivery without wasted movement.  Has enough arm strength to make all the NFL throws.  Shows excellent accuracy on go routes and fades.  Flashes the ability to make sound adjustments, work through his progressions, and hit his third or fourth option.
								Despite excellent completion percentage, he doesn't consistently display pinpoint accuracy.  Ball can get away from him at times, especially when his footwork and drop discipline are lacking.  Appears rattled by pressure up the middle in his face.  Will gamble at times.  Needs more consistency understanding complex zone coverage schemes.
							
2011	Ryan Donahue	2495146	K	Iowa	Donahue has what it takes to make it as a punter in the NFL.  Possesses enough leg strength to drive the ball down the field and get good hang time.  Can directional punt with some productivity and shows good touch.  Does a good job adjusting to a poor snap.  However, he's solely a punter who did not handle field goals, kickoffs or holding duties during his college career.  Donahue could be selected in the later rounds of the 2011 draft or get picked up as a rookie free agent.	Donahue possesses better-than-average kicking power.  Gets a lot of air under his punts for good hang time.  Can get ball to bounce backwards when kicking toward goal line.  Shows the ability to directional punt toward the corners.  Has good technique.  Gets the ball off quickly and follows through.
								Does not have experience field goal kicking, kicking off, or holding.  Only possesses adequate measurables and athleticism for the next level.  Does not have a truly booming leg.
							
2011	Ras-I Dowling	2495147	DB	Virginia	Dowling entered the 2010 season as one of the nation's top cornerbacks, but after playing in only five games due to injury, his draft stock may have taken a hit.  He is a monster of a cornerback who seeks out contact in run support and is a sound tackler.  He really excels in zone coverage with terrific instincts and has the ball skills to make plays on underneath routes.  He does not have the recovery speed to play in a man-heavy scheme at the next level, but he should be a good fit in a Tampa 2 system.  A potential first-round pick before the season, Dowling still likely will be a second-round pick.  	Dowling has safety size and adequate speed.  Very confident kid that reads quickly and shows the ability to jump routes in zone coverage.  Presses effectively at the line and displays very good footwork.  Big hitter that likes to mix it up in run support and consistently wraps the ball carrier.          
								Lacks elite recovery speed and will struggle against real burners in the NFL.  A bit stiff in the hips and does not show the ability to stick with receivers in and out of their breaks.  Rarely looks back at the ball in man coverage which limits his more than adequate balls skills.  Missed most of his senior season with an ankle injury.         
							
2011	Kenrick Ellis	2495148	DL	Hampton	Ellis is an intriguing prospect who could develop into a complete starting defensive tackle capable of clogging up the middle, making plays in the backfield off penetration, and collapsing the pocket.  Has a pretty rare combination of size and explosiveness.  Can be disruptive with his power or quickness.  Counters and the screen game can be used to beat him at times.  Plays with some fire and has a solid motor.  Teams will need to further investigate his dismissal from South Carolina.  	Ellis is blessed with NFL-ideal height and weight at defensive tackle.  Holds up really well at the point of attack and can take on the double team and eat up space inside.  Does a very good job pushing the pocket with his bull rush and uses a few hand moves to get off blocks.  Excellent burst for a big man.
								Has character flags after being suspended and later dismissed by South Carolina.  Needs to do a better job of watching his pad level at times.  Can be fooled by crisp ball-handling and ball-fakes.  Can be neutralized by trap blocks he fails to recognize.  There are some concerns about his conditioning level.
							
2011	Nathan Enderle	2495149	QB	Idaho	Enderle has the work ethic, game experience and desire to understand the finer points of playing quarterback that it takes to stick as a backup in the league.  Assumed some NFL-like duties in college such as changing plays at the line.  Can make some plays getting the ball out of his hand on three-step drops or climbing vertically in the pocket to allow receivers more time to get open.  Throwing accuracy and arm strength are only adequate but could improve with more sound release mechanics and quickness.  Enderle's a Day 3, developmental quarterback prospect.	Enderle has a lot of starts under his belt.  Has a good work-ethic and is a student of the position.  Appears to have the mental makeup needed to play on Sundays.  Shouldered pre-snap adjustment responsibilities.  Shows solid accuracy on some intermediate to deep throws.  Good footwork on quick 3-step drops.  Can evade the first rusher.
								Release quickness and mechanics need work.  Takes too long to deliver the football and drops his release point down too low.  Throws interceptions when trying to fit the ball into tight windows downfield.  Will take too many sacks attempting to scan the field.  Can be confused by complex zone coverage schemes.
							
2011	Kai Forbath	2495150	K	UCLA	Forbath, the 2009 Lou Groza winner for the nation's best kicker, had his least efficient season as a senior, but he has a strong accurate leg and should develop into a quality place kicker at the next level.  Although he does not excel on kickoffs, he has the leg strength to hit field goals of over 50 yards.  His greatest strength is his accuracy, as he is nearly automatic from under 40 yards and connects on a high percentage of longer field goal attempts.  Forbath will likely be a mid-to-late round pick and he has a chance to win a job as a rookie.    	Forbath has good size for the position.  Drives the ball in all conditions and routinely makes field goals longer than 50 yards.  Extremely accurate, as he connected on over 90% of his field goals during his junior season.  He is mechanically sound and should not get many kicks blocked.  
								Lacks the elite leg power to drive the ball on kickoffs and will not be able to assume this role at the next level.  Played most of his career in favorable climates and will have to adjust to harsher conditions.  Struggled during his senior season which may have shaken his confidence.    
							
2011	Orlando Franklin	2495151	OL	Miami	Franklin's got a chance to emerge as a starting right tackle but could also settle in as a guard.  Has very impressive measureables.  Outstanding run blocker who gets off the ball quickly and is capable of holding up at the point or pulling and getting to the second level.  Does a great job locating blitzers, staying home against stunts or helping out when not covered up.  Can be tested when asked to mirror quicker pass rushers.  Relentless player who wants to finish every block like its his last.  Franklin has the physical gifts and on-field smarts to be selected early in the draft.	Franklin's a great combination of size and speed.  Knee bend, hip sink, hand play and feet are sounds in pass protection.  Fires off the ball low in the running game.  Wins interior battles with a strong initial blow and constant leg drive.  Shows good football IQ in pass protection.  Plays with a mean streak.
								Can struggle with quicker defensive lineman who make him move laterally.  Not as comfortable moving and sliding as he is locking onto a defender in pass protection.  Can be tested by the bull rush on occasion.  Production level dipped a bit during senior season.  
							
2011	Charlie Gantt	2495152	TE	Michigan St.	Gantt has enough size and speed along with some redeeming qualities to become a No. 2 / backup tight end.  Does a good job releasing off the line but doesn't run the sharpest routes or have the speed to consistently threaten a defense up the seam.  Will show strong, confident hands extending away from his frame for the catch but also drops routine passes on occasion.  Is a quality run and pass blocker but not dominant in either facet.   Tough and durable, Gantt could hear his name called in the middle rounds.	Shows the ability to sit down in soft spots in zone coverage.  Flashes the ability to pluck and snatch on the run.  Can go get the lofted lead pass out in front of his route.  Does a good job run blocking due to good positioning.  Can hold up in pass protection.
								Only possesses average size and speed.  Not a big play threat.  Doesn't have great top-end speed to challenge up the seam.  Not explosiveness enough to make defenders miss after the catch.  Will drop catchable passes at times.  Doesn't blow defenders off the ball while run blocking.  
							
2011	Marcus Gilchrist	2495153	DB	Clemson	Gilchrist is an experience, durable defensive back with good intangibles who could potentially become a starter at corner in a zone-based scheme or make a move to free safety.  Either way, will provide a defensive coordinator with depth at multiple spots and some scheme-versatility.  Has experience as a kick returner.  Real productive defensive back against the run but needs to do a better job handing more physical blockers.  Can line up in a variety of places in the secondary and is comfortable playing zone but isn't going to lockdown a No. 1 wide receiver or stick with a play-making slot.  Mid-round prospect.	Gilchrist a great combination of size and speed that the NFL is looking for in a corner.  Is an extremely durable, reliable performer who has received praise from his coaches for his work habits and smarts.  Reacts quickly to running plays and will mix it up.  Does a good job making up ground in zone coverage.
								Does not turn poorly thrown balls into interceptions.  Angular, high-cut frame and battles some hip stiffness coming out of his pedal.  Displays difficultly mirroring quicker receivers and slots in man coverage.  Can be out-muscled by bigger blockers when coming up in run support.
							
2011	Dejon Gomes	2495154	DB	Nebraska	Gomes has the physicality and mentality to be a reserve defensive back who lines up near the box in nickel and dime packages while also providing special teams coverage value.  Comfortable playing in zone down near the line, breaks well on the ball and is quick and aggressive in run support.  Not capable of roaming the deep half or shadowing receivers, tight ends or backs in man coverage at the next level.  Not comfortable tackling out in space.  Durable and has the build to hold up in the NFL.  Gomes has some limitations, but still warrant a late round selection or free agent consideration.	Gomes possesses good height and excellent bulk for the position.  Is comfortable playing down in the box.  Finds the football and pursues quickly with good determination.  Consistently wraps up in tight areas down near the box.  Has good ball skills.  Takes direct routes, makes plays on the ball and has good hands.
								Does not have adequate coverage abilities.  Idles down when transitioning or turning to run.  Gives up separation and can't recover.  Instincts in deep zone coverage are still improving.  Can be boxed out by bigger, taller receivers and tight ends.  Can struggle to disengage from more physical blockers.  Will miss open field tackles.
							
2011	Cameron Graham	2495155	TE	Louisville	Graham has enough size and speed to be a nice reserve tight end.  Hands are good.  Catches the ball away from his frame and can make some acrobatic grabs.  Effective against zone coverage and while route-running needs to improve, he has the athleticism to do so.  Can get up the seam for big gainers but isn't a tight end whose going to win a lot of jump ball battles or make defenders miss in the open field.  Flashes the ability to be a good, nasty run blocker but must become more consistent in this area.  Graham's a mid-round prospect.	Graham does a good job finding soft spots in zone coverage.  Pretty smooth athlete for a tight end.  Reliable soft hands.  Catches the ball away from his body.  Has the body control to adjust to and catch poorly thrown passes.  Possesses enough speed to quickly threaten a defense up the seem.  
								Not a refined route-runner at this stage.  Takes wasted steps at the top of his stems.  Not a candidate to make defenders miss after the catch.  Only has average size.  Can be side-stepped by agile defenders when blocking at the second level.  Can be overpowered against the bull rush.
							
2011	Eric Hagg	2495156	DB	Nebraska	Hagg has the size, speed and instincts in coverage to contribute immediately as a sub-package reserve could become a starter in time.  Can play man against tight ends and slots, shows good awareness in underneath zone, very  capable of covering the deep half and flashes the ability to play in deep cover one.  However, doesn't make enough plays when in position and around the football.  Can be drawn down by the play-fake and can be a tick slow diagnosing and reacting to the run.  Durable, productive and reliable in coverage. 	Hagg is a nice combination of size and speed.  Good awareness in coverage.  Displays great positioning in zone and can jump routes in man.  Smooth athlete who can turn and recover.  Can play the deep half or centerfield and mirror tight ends and slots in man.  Will compete for the jump ball.  Sound tackler.
								Needs to improve his ability to locate the football get upfield in run support.  Will bite on play-action.  Doesn't possess the ball skills to routinely come down with the interception.  Will allow some completions when in good position to break up the play.  Isn't a big hitter.
							
2011	Chris Hairston	2495157	OL	Clemson	Hairston has the natural size, strength and adequate athleticism necessary to develop into a starting right tackle in the NFL.  Exhibits the awareness needed at the next level.  Uses power to his advantage stalemating the bull rush and engulfing smaller defensive lineman in the running game.  Not at his best when asked to block out in the open, getting to the second level, or in the screen game.  Has a tough time dealing with upper-level quickness from DL's.   Must overcome minor injury history.  Hairston should come off the board in the middle rounds of April's draft.	Hairston possesses NFL ideal height for the offensive tackle position.  Has great bulk and uses size and strength to his advantage while run blocking and in pass pro.  Smart player who understands scheme concepts and his assignments.  Not susceptible to the bull rush.  Does a good job getting his hat in position when run blocking.
								Not a premier athlete or overly comfortable blocking out in space.  Can be beat by a quick, inside pass rushing move.  Doesn't consistently fight off counter moves.  Needs to watch his pad level in the running game.  Has missed some time due to injuries over the course of his college career.
							
2011	Leonard Hankerson	2495158	WR	Miami	Hankerson steadily improved from his sophomore through senior seasons when he became one of the most productive wideouts in college football.   Has the size you like to see and enough speed but is a gradual builder who does not possess quick-twitched athleticism.  Idles down at his stem and must rely on getting himself in between the ball and defenders more than gaining separation.  Flashes the ability to go up, extend, and get the ball but also suffers from bouts of inconsistency with his hands.  Tough kid with good intangibles who isn't afraid to go over the middle. 	Hankerson's a nice blend of good size and speed.  Boxes out defenders.  Can locate and sit in openings when running through zone.  Extends his hands away from his body and really goes after the football.  Steadily builds speed, which coupled with his height allows him to make some plays vertically.  Tough and hard-working.
								Fails to bring in too many catchable balls.  Won't reel in the highlight catch too often.  Is not an explosive player.  Doesn't burst off the line, eat up cushions, or get in and out of his breaks quickly.  Won't take short passes for big gains.  Not a candidate to make defenders miss in the open field.  
							
2011	Dwayne Harris	2495159	WR	East Carolina	Harris has enough ability and a polished skill set needed to succeed as a slot receiver in the NFL who can also contribute as a returner.  Hard-working player who was productive in college.  He can beat man coverage underneath and find openings in zones but doesn't possess the pure explosion to beat tight coverage.  Not a threat to beat you deep but can create some big plays evading the first defender.  His willingness to go over the middle and his effort while run blocking demonstrate his great toughness.  Harris should come off the board in the middle rounds of April's draft.	Harris is a crisp, refined route-runner.  Gets in and out of his breaks in a hurry.  Can find soft spots in zone coverage.  Plucks and snatches the ball away from his frame.  Almost built like a running back - can break tackles in the secondary and make the first man miss.  Willing to catch the ball in traffic and productive doing so.
								Doesn't have impressive height or top-end speed.  Can struggle to separate from quicker, faster corners.  Won't consistently challenge the defense vertically and won't take the short pass for six.  Doesn't catch the ball over his shoulder naturally.  Sustained a season-ending foot injury in college.
							
2011	Stanley Havili	2495160	RB	USC	Havili is a dynamic fullback prospect that is a matchup problem as a receiver out of the backfield.  He runs well for a bigger back and is an advanced route runner with very strong hands.  He has the athleticism to split out wide, shows good explosion off the line and has enough of a wiggle to be a threat after the catch.  He does not have the strength or desire to be a lead blocker and appears to be a one dimensional player.  Havili will need the right scheme to contribute at the next level and he will likely be a third day pick.  	Havili has great speed for the fullback position.  Explodes through the hole and has the foot quickness to make sharp cuts.  Runs precise routes, finds soft spots in zone coverage, and possesses fantastic hands.  Strong runner that can power through tackles and has the agility to make people miss.  
								Does not seek out contact and lacks the strength to be an effective run blocker.  Poor technique prevents him from sustaining blocks as he dips his head and does not use his hands properly.  Runs a bit high at times and dances too often.  Injury-prone and struggles to stay on the field.      
							
2011	Roy Helu	2495161	RB	Nebraska	Helu has enough size and speed to serve as a backup but probably won't be a full-time load back in the NFL.  Isn't your prototypical inbetween-the-tackles or game-breaking back.  Runs hard but doesn't pick up as many yards after contact as you'd like to see.  Can get to the perimeter and get headed vertically but doesn't have home-run speed or great elusiveness.  Somewhat of a liability in passing situations.  Not a polished route-runner, hands are only average, and doesn't protect the passer with much technique or passion.   Helu's still a big back who can run and should be selected on Day 3.	Helu possesses an ideal running back build.  Does a good job running behind his blockers and finding running creases.  Has more straight-lined speed than most big backs.  Can get the edge, stick his foot in the dirt and accelerate upfield.  Can break some tackles.  Fairly reliable underneath option for his quarterback.
								, isn't a truly powerful downhill running back.  Does a pretty good job running behind his pads, but legs will stop driving when hit and won't get low to push the pile for extra yardage.  Also lacking in pass pro given his size.  Doesn't have the lateral agility to make many defenders miss.
							
2011	Alex Henery	2495162	K	Nebraska	Henery could be a solid kicker in the NFL.  Possesses a big, strong leg with the range to hit very long field goal attempts but accuracy does drop some from over 50 yards.  Outstanding accuracy and consistency on shorter kicks.  Has experience punting, flashes the ability to directionally kick, but doesn't get enough consistent hang-time or distance.  Solid athlete who can handle poor snaps and angle a returner toward the sideline.  Henery has the experience, versatility, and mentality (pressure kicks, success in bad weather) to warrant a seventh round selection or priority free agent grade.	Henery has good height and is a good enough athlete.  Possesses a big leg and can hit 50-plus yard field goals.  Experienced and successful kicking in cold weather.  Excellent accuracy on short field goal attempts.  Has also handled punting duties and shows some ability to punt directionally.
								Lacks bulk.  Kicking accuracy drops with longer attempts.  Punting distance and elevation are only average.  Will take an extra step on occasion while punting.  Probably only an emergency punting option for an NFL team.
							
2011	Chas Henry	2495163	P	Florida	Henry has a ton of experience punting in pressure-packed games for one of the nation's top programs.  Was highly-productive during his four years as Florida's punter.  Did not miss time due to injury.  Gets good hang time on his punts but doesn't have upper-echelon kicking power.  Does a good job with his directional punting and can set up his defense nicely with punts down near the goal line.  Handled kicking duties for part of his senior season after Florida's starter was injured.  Normally served as the holder.  Henry should be a solid NFL punter. Could be selected in the seventh round or picked up as a free agent.  	Henry has good size and bulk with enough speed.  Durable and highly-productive.  Puts a lot of air under his punts resulting in good hang times.  Solid directional punter who frequently pinned opponents inside the 20-yard line.  Filled in as Florida's kicker due to an injury as a senior.  Has experience holding.  
								Only shows average leg strength.  Doesn't possess a booming leg or put together multiple long punts in a row.  Needs to make sure to follow through more consistently.  
							
2011	Mark Herzlich	2495164	LB	Boston College	Herzlich has the physical tools, work ethic, character and toughness coveted by every NFL franchise.  He displayed these traits not only in his triumph over cancer, but as a natural team leader on the field.  Is a complete player against the run.  Takes on and gets off blockers quickly and chases down plays all over the field.  He can run with tight ends and backs, play in zone, and rush the quarterback.  Some teams may continue to view his medical history as a red flag.  Additionally, he needs a little polish with his tackling and production was down post-comeback as a senior.  Still, Herzlich shouldn't last past the first few rounds.	Herzlich possesses rare intangibles for an NFL Draft prospect.  Is a highly-productive player who has a terrific blend of height, bulk and top-end speed.  Plays with good awareness and discipline and doesn't stay blocked long.  Can make plays from sideline-to-sideline and can stay with running backs in coverage.  Can rush the passer and displays great closing burst.
								Durability is still somewhat of a concern after his courageous battle to fight cancer.  Could afford to improve his tackling consistency.  Would benefit from developing a wider variety of pass rushing moves.  Isn't a liability in coverage but doesn't show great explosion out of his pedal. 
							
2011	Cam Heyward	2495165	DT	Ohio St.	Heyward is big versatile defensive end that can play in a 4-3 or a 3-4 at the next level.  He is a powerful athlete at the point of attack that can eat up blocks in the running game and uses heavy active hands to shed quickly.  He possesses a less than ideal burst, but is a relentless pass rusher that gets more sacks than he should.  His greatest asset is his versatility, as he can control blockers to be effective in a two-gap scheme, but also could have an impact as a traditional defensive end in a 4-3.  Heyward will likely not last past the first round.       	Heyward is very strong with a great frame.  Quick off the ball, delivers a violent punch to jar offensive lineman and shows good hand technique to slip blocks.  Plays with sound leverage and anchors effectively in the running game.  Versatile athlete that can play multiple positions along the defensive line.  Four-year starter and very durable.        
								Does not have the burst to consistently get after the quarterback or make plays from the backside.  Plays with a narrow base at times and can be pushed out of the play.  Takes too long to recognize screens and draws and gets caught upfield too often.  A bit inconsistent with his play.  
							
2011	Jermale Hines	2495166	DB	Ohio St.	Hines looks like an NFL strong safety, but he lacks the speed and instincts to be a starter at the next level.  He is a very good athlete that is smooth in transition and shows outstanding body control when the ball is in the air.  Also, he plays with a bit of a mean streak and delivers violent shots in run support.  However, he is out of position too often and lacks the speed to make up for a misread.  Hines' less than ideal recognition skills neutralize his physical tools and he will likely still be around on Day 3.    	Hines is a tall defensive back with a thick muscular build.  Fluid athlete that can stick with tight ends in man coverage.  Possesses very good hands and has the ball skills to make acrobatic interceptions.  Has the strength to take on blocks in run support and is a sound tackler.  
								Does not have the deep speed to be a true center fielder.  Slow to read the flow of the play.  Struggles to consistently recognize routes and sloppy footwork limits his effectiveness in coverage.  Over-aggressive at times and will bite on play action.  Will take poor angles in run support and miss the ball carrier.  
							
2011	Kyle Hix	2495167	OL	Texas	Hix has plenty of size and experience, but he is very limited athletically.  He is slow of the line and very heavy footed which prevents him from getting his hands inside.  His lack of speed and lateral agility limit his effectiveness in pass protection and he struggles to make blocks in the second level.  However, he does have the strength to generate a good push in the running game and the long arms to lock out rushers past the pocket.  Hix is a big body that could provide depth at the next level despite his athletic shortcomings, and he will likely be a mid-to-late round pick.  	Hix has a monster frame and good bulk.  Plays with a wide base and is very strong.  Possesses an effective punch and uses his long arms to control defenders once his hands are inside.  Sinks hips effectively to neutralize the bull rush and recognizes stunts and blitzes.      
								Lacks the athleticism and foot speed to block quicker edge rushers.  Takes too many false steps and is susceptible to double moves.  Slow off the line and takes too long to get into position.  Does not have the speed and agility to consistently make blocks at the second level.  Lacks a mean streak and does not always finish blocks.
							
2011	Brandon Hogan	2495168	DB	West Virginia	Hogan is a talented, but troubled cornerback with multiple run-ins with the law in the past year.  On the football field, Hogan has excellent vision in zone coverage and could be an asset as an extra cornerback in nickel and dime situations at the next level.  He is also fearless in run support and is a sound tackler.  Despite having a nose for the football, Hogan struggles to track the ball in the air and has less than adequate hands.  His poor ball skills will be exposed by bigger stronger wide receivers in man coverage.  Overall, Hogan is a mid-round talent, but he may slip due to character concerns.   	Hogan is a quick footed corner with adequate size.  Maintains good position in zone coverage and shows a knack for finding the ball.  Fiery player that diagnoses fast, fills quickly and looks to deliver a good pop in run support.  Very good tackler that consistently wraps up the ball carrier.  
								Does not possess the top end speed necessary to recover once he is beat.  Lacks the ball skills necessary to be a playmaker at the next level.  Loses momentum in transition and can be a liability in man coverage.  Struggles to disengage from blockers in run support.  Has major character concerns.  
							
2011	Ross Homan	2495169	LB	Ohio St.	Homan is an undersized linebacker with good speed that could potentially develop into a starter on the weak side.  He runs very well and shows the ability to chase running backs down from behind.  He is a smooth athlete that makes plays in space and flashes the ability to mirror tight ends and running backs in man coverage.  However, he lacks the strength and shedding ability to be a run stopper at the next level and can be a non-factor on running plays directed at him.  Homan has the skills to be a quality Tampa 2 linebacker and will likely be a middle round pick.    	Homan has the speed to make tackles from sideline-to-sideline.  Reads quickly, takes proper angles and fills fast in run support.  Fluid athlete that can stick with backs and tight ends in man coverage and can jump underneath routes in zone.  Breaks down ball carriers in space and is a sound wrap-up tackler.    
								Does not have the strength to be stout against the run and struggles to shed blocks.  Lacks a mean streak and will not have an impact between the tackles.  Does not always anticipate routes and sloppy footwork limits his effectiveness in coverage at times.  Balls skills are less than ideal.  Missed significant time due to injuries.  
							
2011	Davon House	2495170	DB	New Mexico St.	House is a physical corner that excels in press coverage, and could develop into a starter in a Cover-2 scheme.  He uses his big strong hands to jar receivers on the line of scrimmage and he can flip his hips and run.  He also shows the ability to anticipate routes in zone and has enough speed to close with the ball in the air.  However, he is a bit stiff in transition and will struggle to mirror receivers on double moves.  His ultra-aggressive style of play makes him vulnerable to ball fakes and he will probably be flagged often.  House looks like a middle round pick.  	House is a big physical corner.  Delivers a good press at the line to reroute receivers.  Reads quarterback's eyes in zone coverage and shows the ability to anticipate routes.  Possesses big hands and good timing to knock away passes.  Flashes a mean streak and is a willing tackler in run support.   
								Lacks elite recovery speed and the hip fluidity to consistently stick with shiftier wide receivers in man coverage.  Over confident at times and can get burned by play action.  A step slow reacting to the play and struggles to disengage from blockers.  Physical play could result in a lot of flags at the next level.  
							
2011	Rodney Hudson	2495171	OL	Florida St.	Hudson has a well-rounded, polished skill set.  Should be an immediate starter at guard or center and could make a few Pro Bowls down the line.  He can handle power or speed pass rushers with his outstanding balance, flexibility and wide base.  In the running game, he uses great quickness to get himself into position, keeps his legs churning and finishes with authority.  Only true negative is his lack of size, but he more than compensates with impressive power, toughness and in-game stamina.  Hudson is arguably the finest interior offensive line prospect in this class and could hear his name in the first round.	Hudson possesses outstanding mobility for an offensive lineman.  Displays exceptional awareness.  Gets great movement while run blocking.  Can hold up against the bull rush and move his feet against penetrators.  Has a great work ethic.  Tough player conditioned to go hard all day long.  Was a tone-setter for the Seminoles during his career.
								Not too many holes in this guys' game.  Does not possess NFL-average height for the position.  You'd like to see him hold a little more bulk and body composition is not ideal.   Lacks some power in his initial punch.  Missed a small amount of action with a minor knee injury.
							
2011	Kendall Hunter	2495172	RB	Oklahoma St.	Hunter is a good football player that was very productive in college, and he could have an impact as a third down back at the next level.  He has good instincts and shows the ability to plant and cut quickly to find daylight.  He is shifty in the open field and is a good receiver out of the backfield.  However, he is quicker than fast and will not be able to break off long runs at the next level.  Overall, Hunter is too small to be an every down back, but he does enough to warrant a look on Day 2. 	Hunter has a compact muscular build and good speed.  Reads his blockers, shows good patience and hits the hole hard.  Quick back that has enough wiggle to make the first guy miss.  Very capable receiver that runs precise routes and possesses reliable hands.  Productive college player with a nose for the end zone.  
								Lacks the speed to consistently get the corner at the next level.  Not a powerful runner that struggles to push the pile in short yardage situations.  Does not always lower his shoulder and gets brought down by arm tackles too often.  Lacks the technique and strength to be effective in pass protection.
							
2011	Zachary Hurd	2495173	OL	Connecticut	Hurd has the measureables and toughness to make it as a starting offensive lineman, but may need to slide inside to guard.  Does a very good job against power pass rushing opponents, but can be taken advantage of by quicker, savvy ends with an array of moves, and misses some responsibilities in blitz pickup.  Gets by in the running game with solid mobility and natural size, walling off lineman or punishing second and third level players in the open.    Appears to love the game, considering his admirable work ethic and the natural passion he plays with.  Has starting potential, but Hurd could slip to day three of the draft.	Hurd is blessed with excellent height and weight for the offensive line.  Hard-worker who has improved steadily over career.  Can thwart the bull rush and usually wins battles once engaged in pass protection.  Comfortable in a zone blocking scheme.  Uses his natural size and quickness to maul smaller defenders on the second level.  Hard-nosed player.
								Susceptible to speed rushers, counter moves and quick inside moves.  Can be beat by complex or delayed blitz packages in pass protection.  Despite his size, doesn't blow defenders off the ball in the running game and needs to watch his pad level.  
							
2011	Ben Ijalana	2495174	OL	Villanova	Ijalana was a star for Villanova at the FCS level and he has enough talent to make the jump to the NFL.  He projects as a guard at the next level and his strength and finishing attitude will make him a powerful drive blocker.  He makes good decisions in pass protection and has quick feet and long arms to handle athletic defensive lineman.  He plays a bit high and takes too many false steps and these technical flaws will be exposed against better competition, but Ijalana has the potential to develop into a starting guard and should be selected on Day 2.  	Ijalana has adequate height with a thick build.  Quick footed lineman that generates a good push when he gets his hands inside.  Displays good awareness in pass protection identifying stunts and blitzes.  Fierce competitor that shows a mean streak and fights to whistle.  Dominant at the FCS level.     
								Does not have the prototypical height for the tackle position and will likely have to move to guard.  Struggles to block more athletic defensive lineman in pass protection.  Lacks the ability to consistently get to the second level and make blocks in space.  Appears sluggish at times and there are concerns about his conditioning.     
							
2011	Nate Irving	2495175	LB	N.C. State	Irving has shown tremendous fortitude and determination recovering from a devastating car crash that cost him his 2009 season, and he has the tools to compete for a starting job at the next level.  He is a bit undersized, but runs well to make plays outside of the tackle box.  He has very good instincts and is rarely out of position, but he can get overwhelmed by bigger blockers in a phone booth situation.  In the passing game, he plays with good discipline and flashes the burst to jump underneath routes and put pressure on the quarterback when blitzing.  Irving will likely be a third or fourth round choice. 	Irving is a fast linebacker that makes plays all over the field.  Well prepared player that reads keys quickly and has a nose for the football in run support.  Drops smoothly in coverage, has terrific ball skills and the closing burst to get after the quarterback on blitzes.  Vocal leader and fierce competitor. 
								A bit stiff in the hips and does not change direction quickly making him a liability in space and man coverage.  Struggles to shed blocks at times.  Does not always take proper angles in run support and will not consistently wrap the ball carrier.  Missed entire 2009 season after a serious car crash.   
							
2011	Andrew Jackson	2495176	OL	Fresno St.	Jackson has a chance to turn into a starting NFL guard with the addition of some needed bulk and strength.  Could serve as a valuable backup in the meantime.  Is a tough, hardnosed player who plays with maximum effort but isn't the type of lineman who can overwhelm opponents.  Does a good job when matched up with quicker, gap penetrating defensive tackles but can be overpowered by the bull rush.  Uses his quickness to get in position while run blocking and has some upside as a guy who can pull and lead and get to the second level.  	Jackson's a smart player who displays good awareness.  Can deal with defensive line movement and blitzers.  Shows the ability to locate a target on the second level.  Has a quick set and the feet to mirror pass rushers.  Very comfortable when zone blocking.  Displays the ability to get out and pull around the edge.  Plays with a mean streak. 
								Does not possess adequate bulk for the next level.  Can give up sacks in pass protection when off balance.  Needs to watch his pad level.  Not a real mauler while run blocking and doesn't get a ton of movement.  Could afford to sharpen up his combo blocking technique.  Has some durability issues.
							
2011	Jaiquawn Jarrett	2495177	DB	Temple	Jarrett is a very productive collegiate safety, but he may lack the size and speed to make an impact at the next level.  He is a four-year starter that seeks out contact in run support and breaks down ball carriers in the open field.  In the passing game, he uses very good recognition skills to effectively cover the deep-third of the field despite less than ideal speed.  It remains unclear if his toughness and instinctual advantages can make up for his size and speed deficiencies in the NFL, but he has a great attitude and work ethic and should be a middle round pick.   	Jarrett is a well prepared player that is always in position.  Possesses good instincts, reads quickly and is very effective in zone coverage.  Flashes the ability to cover slot receivers in man coverage.  Wades through traffic, fills hard in run support and is a good tackler in the open field.  
								Does not have the size to play near the line of scrimmage at the next level.  Lacks the top end speed to be a true center fielder and will struggle to recover once he is beat.  Hands are not reliable and he does not have the ball skills to be a ball hawk.      
							
2011	Jarvis Jenkins	2495178	DL	Clemson	Jenkins is an active defensive tackle against the run but isn't a classic nose tackle or two-gaper and doesn?t appear to have the skill set worthy of staying on the field in obvious passing downs.  He does a good job of getting off the ball, getting off blockers and making plays in the backfield against the run.  Exhibits good awareness in the passing game to sniff out screens and play-passes but have the burst or technique to pressure the quarterback with consistency.  Was rested at times and given frequent blows during college career.  Jenkins should expect to hear his name called in the middle rounds.	Jenkins has NFL-ideal size at the defensive tackle position.  Consistently makes plays in the backfield against the run.  Gets off the ball quickly, uses his hands, finds the football and sheds blockers well.  Not often fooled by play-action fakes or by the screen game.  Plays hard and is disruptive.
								Is not a threat to presser the passer.  Does not have great hands or a wide array of pass rushing moves to get to the quarterback.  Doesn't possess the speed or athletic ability to chase down the passer or make too may plays in space.  Stamina is questionable.  Comes off the field on third down and gets series off.
							
2011	Jerrel Jernigan	2495179	WR	Troy	Jernigan is flat out a playmaaker who has the ability to make an immediate impact as return man at the next level.  He has excellent speed to stretch the field and the hip fluidity to maintain momentum in transition and separate out of his breaks.  He lacks the size to be a No. 1 receiver in the NFL, but he is a slippery runner in the open field after the catch and projects to be a weapon in the slot.  Like all burners, he has a chance to be a second- or third-rounder if he runs really well. 	Jernigan has outstanding speed.  Explodes off the line and is a nightmare to bring down after the catch in the open field.  Uses an effective repertoire of fakes to gain extra separation.  Fearless going over the middle on crossing routes.  Versatile athlete that is a weapon as a return man.    
								Undersized and struggles to beat the press off the line of scrimmage and is not much of a downfield blocker.  Not a polished route runner and tends to telegraph his routes.  Does not have a large catching radius and will struggle to make catches in the red zone against taller defensive backs.     
							
2011	Carl Johnson	2495180	OL	Florida	Johnson is a prospect because of his outstanding size, durability, playing experience, and nastiness but lacks the athleticism of a starting NFL offensive lineman.  Probably finds a home as a backup right tackle.  Has great strength which he uses to his advantage against bull rushers and while run blocking in tight spaces.  Shows adequate awareness in blitz recognition but doesn't always zero-in on his man when run blocking.  Not suited to move laterally when mirroring pass rushers or out in space blocking at the second level.  Johnson is a guy who will receive late-round consideration.	Johnson is a massive offensive line prospect.  Can hold up against the bull rush and is more comfortable with the quick set, when he can jolt defenders with his strength.  Will overwhelm smaller defensive lineman in a phone booth with his frame and size.  Displays great toughness and fire and will fight until the whistle.  Durable.
								Lacks speed, foot quickness and overall mobility.  In pass protection, struggles with speed rushers who possess great burst and when facing counter moves.  Slow out of his stance when run blocking and is often late to his spot.  Not comfortable blocking in space and not a candidate to pull and get out in front on the edge.
							
2011	Jerrod Johnson	2495181	QB	Texas A&M	Johnson looks the part of an NFL quarterback, but he lost his starting job as a senior due to poor play.  He is a big strong kid with a good arm, but he rarely sets his feet and is a very inaccurate.  He also makes poor decisions locking on to one receiver and forcing passes into harm's way.  His athleticism is his greatest strength, as he is fast and shows good instincts as an open field runner.  Johnson's erratic play and decision making will scare off a lot of teams, but his athletic ability could make him an attractive late round pick or free agent.    	Johnson possesses ideal size and very good athleticism.  He has a strong arm, shows good zip on deep outs and throws an accurate deep ball.  Stands tall in the pocket and is difficult to bring down.  Very mobile and is a good runner once he breaks contain.       
								Has a bit of a long release and does not throw over the top.  Sloppy footwork leads to too many poor passes.  Forces a lot of balls and ignores the easy check downs.  Abandons pass too soon at times and looks to run.  Gets down on himself when he struggles and loses focus.  
							
2011	Ronald Johnson	2495182	WR	USC	Johnson is a slightly undersized receiver whose game needs some work, but he has the potential to a big play threat at the next level.  He is quick off the line and has the long speed to be a home run threat out of the slot.  He needs time to develop since he is a raw route runner that struggles to maintain control out of his breaks, but he should be able to contribute immediately as a return man.  Johnson has some durability concerns, but he has game-breaker potential and will likely be a Day 2 pick.  	Johnson runs very well.  Explodes off the line and has a second gear to stretch the field.  Possesses natural hands and flashes the ability to make a highlight reel grabs.  Has a bit of a wiggle to make people miss in the open field after the catch or on returns.  Extremely hard working and very coachable.   
								Stumbles at times out of his breaks and lacks the fluidity to transition quickly and gain separation.  Struggles to beat the press off the line and is not a polished route runner.  Makes too many body catches.  Lacks the strength to consistently break arms tackles.  Has missed time due to injury.
							
2011	Greg Jones	2495183	LB	Michigan St.	Jones has been one of the most productive linebackers in college football over the last few seasons.  He fits as a starting middle linebacker in a Tampa-2 or great backup with special teams upside.  Displays outstanding effort and is fearless on the field but is always fighting to overcome his lack of size and strength.  Flies around the field, whether pursuing the ball-carrier, rushing the passer, or dropping into coverage, but doesn't possess ideal speed or athleticism for a Tampa-2 'backer.  A lot of coaching staffs would love to bring Jones' work ethic and intangibles into their locker room. 	Jones is highly productive, extremely durable and has rare intangibles.  Displays great range versus the run.  Relentless in pursuit, using his hands to slip blockers.  Closes on the ball-carrier in a hurry and can lay the wood.  Rushes the quarterback from every angle.  Blitzes up the middle, comes off the edge and even puts his hand down.
								Lacks bulk and strength.  Susceptible when teams run downhill right at him.  Blockers can overwhelm him with power or get into his legs with cut blocks.  Doesn't always take most direct path in pursuit.  Has a tough time staying with quicker backs and tight ends in man coverage.
							
2011	Cameron Jordan	2495184	DE	California	Jordan is one of the higher-probability, game-ready prospects in this class.  He's an ideal fit as a 3-4 defensive end but could also serve as a strongside DE in a four-man front.  Really a good fit for any team that stresses gap integrity.  Has good strength at the point of attack, plays with sound positioning, locates the ball carrier, gets off blocks and uses his good quickness and agility against the run.  Not a big-time pass rushing talent by any means, but still has some good power moves.  Jordan has the skill set to come off the board pretty quickly.	Jordan is a great combination of size, strength and speed for a 3-4 defensive end prospect.  At his best against the run.  Keeps blockers off his body, has the diagnosing skills to find the football and can get off blocks and make plays.  Shows impressive stamina for a big d-end staying on the field for third down and playing all four quarters.
								Probably will never be an impact pass rusher, hasn?t put up big sack totals, but still works hard in that area.  Despite good bulk, may be considered a bit light in the pants for what some teams are looking for in their three-man front.  Has one documented off-the-field issue to our knowledge.
							
2011	Elijah Joseph	2495185	LB	Temple	Joseph is a strong productive football player that could be a very effective special teams player at the next level.  He has good foot speed and is a strong tackler, but does not read his keys quickly and struggles to find the ball.  His less than ideal recognition skills also make him a liability in zone coverage, as he does not anticipate routes well.  However, he is a fierce competitor that seeks out contact and delivers violent hits.  Overall, Joseph will likely be a late round pick, as he has some raw ability and could develop into a reserve linebacker and a special teams ace.  	Joseph has a thick compact build.  Plays with good leverage and is very strong at the point of attack.  Big hitter that can force fumbles and consistently wraps up the ball carrier.  Possesses quick feet and shows the ability to stick with tight ends in man coverage.  
								Does not have the speed to make plays from sideline to sideline.  Lacks good instincts and is step slow reacting to the play.  Takes poor angles in run support and struggles to disengage from blockers.  Has poor awareness in zone coverage and is often out of position.  At times leaves his feet when tackling.   
							
2011	Colin Kaepernick	2495186	QB	Nevada	Kaepernick has enough physical tools to be viewed as a developmental backup quarterback prospect.  Experienced, competitive, productive and durable but very raw in terms of making NFL reads and throws.  Will need to become accustomed to making pro-style progressions and must improve overall accuracy.  Arm strength is good but needs to tighten up his delivery and work on getting the ball out on time with more consistency.  Can make a lot of plays with his feet but will be too confident at times and take unnecessary sacks.  Kaepernick will likely attract a team with his measurables and outstanding intangibles. His stock has risen considerably with solid workouts, so expect him to be taken some time in the second to third round.	Kaepernick is an excellent blend of height, build and speed for a quarterback.  Possesses toughness and leadership qualities.  Flashes good accuracy on intermediate routes.  Shows enough arm strength to make most NFL throws.  Won't have many passes batted down.  Can escape the pocket and pickup first downs with his legs.
								Plays out of the pistol, lacks experience under center.  Has not been asked to make NFL progressions and reads. Not quick to check down or hit hot read against the blitz.  Misses too many short passes.  Doesn't have consistent touch on the deep ball.  Release is somewhat elongated and can dip down to sidearm at times.
							
2011	Lance Kendricks	2495187	TE	Wisconsin	Kendricks is an interesting prospect because the H-Back/Tight End hybrid has become a valuable commodity in today's NFL.  He was very productive as a senior and he possesses the speed and athleticism to be a weapon down the seam at the next level.  He will have to work on his ball skills and field awareness, but he appears to have a good work ethic.  His size prevents him from being an in-line blocker, but he should be able to contribute as a situational receiving tight end in the spread.  Overall, Kendricks looks to be a middle round pick.  	Kendricks is quick of the ball and gets a good outside release.  He is athletic enough to separate from linebackers on underneath routes and has the top end speed to stretch the field down the seam.  Runs good routes and finds soft spots in zone coverage.  Fluid and slippery runner after the catch.  Willing run blocker.     
								Lacks prototypical size and bulk and rarely sustains blocks.  Struggles to release off the line when engaged with a linebacker.  Has inconsistent hands and drops too many catchable balls.  Does not consistently secure the ball and at times will have alligator arms on crossing routes.  Upright runner who will not break any tackles at the next level.  
							
2011	Shiloh Keo	2495188	DB	Idaho	Keo will likely make his living as a backup safety and special teams contributor.  Has some of the physical traits of an in-the-box safety but doesn't appear to possess the natural ability of polish to become a starter.  Will attack the line of scrimmage in run support, put his stout body on the line taking on blocks and make some plays but is out of control on occasion.  Can play the deep half in zone coverage and match up in man against some targets but isn't fluid or fast enough to cover playmakers or be a big factor against the pass.  Keo could sneak into the middle rounds.	Keo has good bulk and plays with good physicality for a safety.  Quickly diagnoses running plays.  Not afraid to come up and fill hard in run support.  Very capable and comfortable playing the deep half in cover-2.  Can stick with tight ends, H-backs and fullbacks in man coverage.  Good, strong tackler.
								Will lose his disciple in zone coverage at times.  Doesn't have the anticipation to jump routes in man coverage.  Not capable of covering slot receivers man-to-man.  Not a big-time playmaker who will consistently come down with interceptions.  Pursuit angles to the football aren't always sound.  Could use his hands more effectively.
							
2011	Jeremy Kerley	2495189	WR	TCU	Kerley is a shifty wide receiver that could be a valuable asset as a return man at the next level.  He is a very raw route runner, but he has the lateral agility to separate on underneath routes and a knack for making people miss in the open field.  He could develop into a solid slot receiver with time.  As a return man, he utilizes his strong hands to secure the ball in traffic and quickly hits lanes for positive yardage.  Kerley will likely be a mid-to-late round pick due to his play making abilities.  	Kerley explodes off the line and reaches top speed instantly.  Possesses very reliable hands and quickly secures the ball.  Has fluid hips and great lateral agility which makes him very difficult to tackle in the open field.  Shows good vision as a return man and has the quickness to exploit seams.  Willing run blocker.    
								Lacks the top end speed to stretch the field at the next level.  Does not run refined routes and struggles to find soft spots in zone coverage.  Gets sloppy with his footwork at times and loses momentum in and out of his breaks.  He is undersized and will be pushed around by bigger cornerbacks on the press.  
							
2011	Ryan Kerrigan	2495190	DE	Purdue	Kerrigan is a beast of a football player that has the ability to be a difference maker at the next level.  He appears to be versatile enough to play defensive end in a 4-3 and outside linebacker in a 3-4.  He has the lower body strength to hold his ground in the running game and is a relentless pass rusher.  He is a strip sacks specialist who became the Big Ten's all time leader in forced fumbles as a senior.  There are questions whether he can play on his feet in space in the NFL, but Kerrigan is a likely a mid-first round pick.    	Kerrigan has good size and speed.  Explodes off the line and plays with sound leverage to get under offensive tackles.  Persistent pass rusher with great closing burst that has a knack for making strip sacks.  Reads quickly and has a strong lower half which makes him stout against the run.  Very productive.         
								Lacks the elite burst and speed to consistently get around the edge.  Does not show an adequate repertoire of pass rushing counter moves.  Struggles at times to make plays in space.  Lacks experience on his feet as an outside linebacker.    
							
2011	Jarriel King	2495191	OL	South Carolina	King has a great frame and the athleticism to be a reserve left tackle at the next level.  He excels in pass protection, as he can sink his hips to thwart the bull rush and also locks out his arms effectively to push edge rushers past the pocket.  He is naturally strong, but his slow first step prevents him from getting a strong initial position and consistently generating a good push.  He has missed time due to an irregular heart beat that may end his chances at an NFL career, but he has enough talent to be a later round pick.  	King is tall with a thick muscular build.  Shows good awareness recognizing stunts and blitzes and has the foot quickness to mirror defenders in pass protection.  Strong kid with a good power base that has the agility to make blocks in the second level.   
								Slow off the ball and will struggle to block quicker edge rushers. Does not always play with sound leverage which neutralizes his strength.  Takes poor angles at times in the running game.  Lacks the mean streak to dominate an opponent.  Has a serious heart condition.  
							
2011	Greg Little	2495192	WR	North Carolina	Little was declared ineligible for the 2010 season, but he took responsibility for his actions and has the talent to be an impact player at the next level.  He is a huge receiver with great ball skills that has a knack for making the difficult catch in traffic.  He is a long strider that has deceptive speed and fights through tacklers to consistently gain yards after contact.  However, he is not fast enough to be a big play threat and he will have to work tirelessly to get back into football shape.  Little may end up being a steal in the middle rounds.   	Little has great size and length.  Possesses big strong hands and shows terrific body control to make the acrobatic catch.  Smart player that sets up defensive backs with fakes and has the burst to quickly gain separation.  Strong runner after the catch with a powerful stiff arm.  Fearless over the middle and a willing blocker.  
								Does not possess the deep speed to stretch the field.  High cut player that struggles at times to sink his hips and will lose speed in transition.  Not the shiftiest runner in the open field and will not consistently get yards after the catch.  Missed his entire 2010 season and will have to get back into football shape.  
							
2011	Greg Lloyd	2495193	LB	Connecticut	Lloyd has some limitations to his game and an injury history but could emerge as an effective two-down, between the tackles middle linebacker at the next level.  He'll make his money with good instincts, awareness, a nose for the football and the physicality to play downhill and fill in the running game.  Probably won't see much action on third down, passing situations or when protecting a big lead.  Doesn't have the hips to play man, great range in zone, or the burst to really pressure the quarterback.  The son of former Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker by the same name, he could off the board in the middle rounds.	Lloyd has good size for an inside linebacker.  Is comfortable playing in the box and finding the football to stop the run.  Likes playing downhill and fills quickly.  Has the strength stack up lead blockers and occasionally shed them.  Will lay the wood and separate ball carriers from the football.  
								Does not possess the speed to play sideline-to-sideline and doesn't have striking short-area closing burst.  Lack of speed also prevents him from hunting down the passer when blitzing.  Is not a smooth enough athlete to mirror tight ends or backs in man coverage, and doesn't show great range.  Suffered a major knee injury in college.
							
2011	Jake Locker	2495194	QB	Washington	Locker decided to return for his senior season and his erratic performance has certainly hurt his draft stock.  An extremely gifted athlete, Locker's production does not match his talent.  He possesses a cannon for an arm, but he is not an efficient passer.  At this point, his greatest asset is his athleticism and it is unclear if he will ever be a starting quarterback at the next level.  Also, Locker has a history of injuries due to his aggressive style of play.  Overall, Locker has all the physical tools and a team will likely take a chance on him in the first round despite his inconsistent production.  	Locker is tall enough with a sturdy muscular build and excellent athleticism for the position.  Has a rocket arm to make all the throws and fits the ball into tight windows.  Shows the ability to scan the field and check down with very good touch.  Extremely mobile and can make plays with his feet.  Fierce competitor and leader. 
								Does not show the ability to consistently make his progressions and find the open man.  Misses on too many throws and his accuracy can be erratic at times.  Abandons the pass early and relies too much on his feet.  Plays a bit recklessly and has missed a lot of games due to injury.       
							
2011	Kentrell Lockett	2495195	DL	Mississippi	Lockett is an athletic college defensive end who projects favorably as a 3-4 outside linebacker, especially for a team that values penetration from its OLBs more than maintaining gap-integrity.  Probably tops off as a good backup and contributor on special teams coverage units.  Well-rounded pass rushed who gives offensive tackles a lot to think about.  Struggles when teams run at him but has enough range to chase down running plays from the backside.  Looks like he has the feet and hips to stand up at the next level but doesn't have much experience doing so.  Mid-round prospect.	Lockett can get to the quarterback in a variety of ways.  Can get the edge, uses the speed-to-power technique, and can slip tackles to the inside.  Burst is above-average both getting to the passer or pursuing the run. Can chase down running plays from the backside.  Smooth athlete with good hips.
								Is a liability when opponent runs at him.  Struggles to hold the edge or anchor and gives up ground.  Can be engulfed by big, physical lineman and walled off.  Loses contain at times.  Hand usage against run and pass could improve.  Instincts while diagnosing need to get better.
							
2011	Demarcus Love	2495196	OL	Arkansas	Love is an experienced offensive lineman with great size and a lot of starts under his belt at a variety of spots up front.  Can be a road-grading, in-line run blocker who can blow defenders off the ball, but must improve his awareness while playing in space.  In pass protection, he can have a tough time with speed rushers but does a nice job dealing with blitzers and creative defensive line play.  A versatile prospect with plus size and good intangibles, Love could be selected as high as the second round in April.	Love is a hard-working prospect who has experience playing both left and right tackle as well as guard.  He possesses ideal size for the position and enough mobility.  A really physical run-blocker who drives defenders off the line of scrimmage and can turn his man creating big running lanes.  Displays the ability to recognize blitzing linebackers in pass pro.
								May not possess the athleticism, feet and balance necessary to line up at left tackle in the NFL.  Can be beat by the double move.  Needs to improve his ability to block at the second level and pick up moving defenders in space.  Must become more consistent locating his targets at the second level.
							
2011	Owen Marecic	2495197	RB	Stanford	Marecic is a throwback player that lined up on both sides of the ball in college.  He projects as a fullback at the next level, as he is a fierce run blocker that looks to dominate opponents.  He flashes the ability to make multiple blocks on one play and he explodes through the holes making him an asset on third in short.  He is not fast or fluid enough to be a weapon in the passing game and he lacks the brute strength to be a consistent road grater.  Overall, Marecic is a coach's dream and will be a later round pick despite his less than ideal physical tools.      	Marecic has a large frame and good speed.  Fierce competitor that seeks out contact and fights to the whistle.  Takes proper angles when run blocking and steps up well in pass protection.  Downhill runner that dishes out punishment and is very effective in short yardage situations.  
								Does not show great power at the point of attack and struggles to sustain blocks against bigger players.  Not athletic enough to make people miss in the open field and will not pick up many yards after contact.  Raw route runner that lacks the explosiveness and fluidity to separate in man coverage. 
							
2011	Cliff Matthews	2495198	DL	South Carolina	Matthews is a high-energy guy with great hands who will be able to serve as a backup 4-3 strongside defensive end.  His ceiling is limited due to lack of power to be productive against the run and explosiveness to rush the quarterback.  Uses his hands extremely well against the run and pass to keep blockers off his body and to disengage and uses the swim move to counter.  Susceptible to being blown off the ball by the double-team or walled off by physical run blockers.  Not overly comfortable in coverage or out in space.  Still, Matthews' motor will land him in the middle rounds.	Matthews is an experienced, productive defensive end.  Good height and length .  Try-hard pass rusher who uses his hands to stay of blockers.  Shows the ability to push the pocket.  Active hands against the run too, disengages quickly and can find the football.  Has a motor that doesn't stop.
								Doesn't possess the natural athleticism, fluidity and closing burst to consistently pressure the passer.  Hips and flexibility are below average.  Lacks the lower body power to effectively anchor against the run.  Can't hold up against the double-team.  Doesn't appear capable playing much in coverage.
							
2011	Colin Mccarthy	2495199	LB	Miami	McCarthy has a chance to win a job as a starting middle or strong side linebacker.  Has great size.  Exhibits very good instincts diagnosing against the run and when asked to play in zone coverage.  Has enough speed and athleticism for the next level but isn't a guy you want locked up in man coverage or isolated in space against playmakers.  Needs to watch his composure at times and stay under control. Put together two productive seasons after a serious shoulder injury so he should check out medically.  McCarthy currently carries a Day 2 draft grade.	McCarthy has ideal bulk and good height for a middle 'backer.  Is a sound player with good awareness.  Rarely takes false steps or gets fooled by misdirection.  Can get off blocks and find the football.  Arrives at the ball-carrier quickly inside the box.  Good tackler.  Tough player with a good work ethic.
								Received a medical redshirt for a serious shoulder injury in 2008.  Can be taken advantage of in open space.  Will play wild, over run plays and wiff at times.  Was taken off the field at Miami in many obvious passing downs.  Isn't an overly fluid athlete and struggles in man coverage.   
							
2011	Deandre McDaniel	2495200	SS	Clemson	McDaniel is a physically impressive safety prospect who makes a lot of plays roaming the middle in zone coverage and filling against the run.  Would be a good fit for a team that likes to walk a safety down into the box for run support or to cut loose on blitzes.  Will bring a tough, intimidating, explosive presence to the middle of an NFL defense.  Some deficiencies in man coverage and an off-the-field issue are the two main areas of concern.  But in a relatively weak safety class, McDaniel should hear his named called in the first few rounds of the draft.	McDaniel is an outstanding blend of height, length, bulk and speed.  Looks the part.  Very productive player, with a flair for making the big play.  Appears to be a well-prepared.  Has good range in zone, can lay the wood or make a plays on the ball.  Loves to play the run, fills in a hurry.
								Is a bit high-cut and lacks some fluidity when attempting to mirror quicker receivers in coverage.  Can get caught looking in the backfield at play fakes on occasion.  Must watch his tackling technique at times.  Was arrested in 2008 but is not a locker room personality problem.
							
2011	Pernell McPhee	2495201	DL	Mississippi St.	McPhee brings a hard-working, run-stopping presence and can fit in both the 4-3 or 3-4 defensive fronts.  Holds his ground but can struggle to get off blocks.  When he disengages, makes plays at him and in pursuit on the backside.  Can get to the quarterback with a no-nonsense, straight-lined bull rush approach, but isn't going to beat NFL offensive tackles with speed and burst.    Durable, tough and relentless but limited by his lack of explosive athleticism.  McPhee could become a starter during his career and likely comes off the board in the mid rounds.	McPhee's a productive, durable prospect.  Uses strength and power to bull rush his way to the quarterback.  Closes well for a bigger end.  Very stout at the point of attack against the run.  Can hold the edge or move inside and still anchor.  Motor doesn't stop until the play's over.
								Doesn't possess great get off or speed to consistently get the edge.  Doesn't show a versatile arsenal of pass rushing moves.  Holds up well at the point, but needs to get better with his hands and shed quicker.  Awareness needs to improve some.  Not an overly fluid or smooth athlete.
							
2011	Von Miller	2495202	LB	Texas A&M	Miller was the Butkus Award winner as the nation's top linebacker, and it seems like his game will translate very well to the next level.  He is a great athlete that has prototypical size and very good instincts for the linebacker position.  He is at his best as a pass rusher in a 3-4 defense, as he is explosive and strong with an arsenal of pass rushing moves.  He may lack the size to consistently anchor against the run, but he flashes the ability to disengage from blockers and is an underrated run stopper.  Overall, Miller is an excellent prospect that could get drafted in the top 10.      	Miller has prototypical size and can flat out run.  Explosive first step and closing burst makes him a terror as an edge rusher.  Reads quickly, fills fast and delivers violent shots in the running game.  Sound tackler that breaks down the ball carrier in the open field and consistently wraps.  Hard working kid that shows a relentless motor.    
								Does not have a thick lower half and at times will struggle to disengage from bigger offensive tackles in the running game.  Takes poor angles at times in run support.  Lacks the experience in man coverage and will not be able to cover more athletic tight ends.    
							
2011	Dontay Moch	2495203	DL	Nevada	Moch's a college defensive end and lacks size to keep his hand down in the NFL but is blessed with the burst and athleticism to develop into a 4-3 outside linebacker.  Has the potential to be a pass rushing specialist.  Lacks experience playing standing up in space, finding the football, and in pass coverage but fluid and quick enough to develop in these areas.  Relentless in pursuit.  Not stout at the point of attack and also doesn't currently have a wide arsenal of pass rushing moves.  It may take some time, but Moch has several redeeming qualities.  Mid-round prospect.	Moch possesses very good size and outstanding speed and acceleration for a linebacker prospect.  Uses hands well in pursuit and displays impressive range and closing burst.  Tackles well in and near the box.  Has great get off and quickness when rushing the passer.  Athletic enough to play in underneath zone coverage.
								Lacks experience playing from a two-point stance, reading and reacting, and dropping into coverage.  Struggles to hold up at the point of attack.  Potential liability if asked to run with backs and tight ends in man coverage.  Can miss open field tackles or take improper angles to the ball.
							
2011	John Moffitt	2495204	OG	Wisconsin	Moffitt was an integral part of a dominant offensive line for the Badgers in 2010.  He looks the part of an NFL guard with a great frame and a thick lower half.  He displays very good football intelligence and understands blocking schemes.  However, he lacks the strength and overall athleticism to be effective at the next level against faster and stronger athletes.  He loses leverage off the line and struggles to generate a good push at the point of attack.  Moffitt also lacks a killer instinct and sometimes looks defeated on film in tough games.  Despite these concerns, Moffitt has a great frame and potential to develop and he should get his name called in the later rounds.           	Moffitt is tall and well built with adequate speed.  Heady player that recognizes stunts and blitzes quickly to thwart the pass rush.  Athletic enough to pull and trap and takes good angles at linebackers in the second level.  Very productive leading a great running attack at Wisconsin.       
								Lacks explosion off the ball and struggles to make blocks against athletic defensive lineman.  Plays too high and is not a powerful drive blocker despite his size.  Lunges at times making him susceptible to double moves.  Does not look comfortable blocking in a zone scheme.  Does not show a mean streak.       
							
2011	Mike Mohamed	2495205	LB	California	Mohamed is a hard-worker who will maximize his natural tools on the field.  Will come into your franchise, understand your defensive system, provide some instant linebacker depth, and contribute on special teams.  However, he lacks the power to be a true force in the box against the run and the speed and range to make plays on the outside or mirror explosive space players in man coverage.  Probably just not enough physical tools to work with to become an NFL starter, but still a late-round prospect who will bring some impressive instincts and great character to a locker room.	Mohamed is an experienced, productive, heady inside linebacker with great intangibles.  Is a smart, disciplined player who won't bite on play fakes or take himself out of position too often.  Reads his keys and finds the football against the run.  Understands zone coverage responsibilities.  Aggressive and competitive.
								Doesn't have the explosive burst to make many big plays behind the line of scrimmage or rushing the quarterback.  Is tough and feisty but lacks the lower body strength and power to take on blockers in the box.  Lack of bulk also results in too many broken tackles.  Doesn't have the range to play sideline-to-sideline.  Doesn't have the speed to stick with targets in man coverage.
							
2011	Jonas Mouton	2495206	LB	Michigan	Mouton will probably find a home as a backup outside linebacker on a team that deploys the Tampa-2 where he can play in space and drop into zone coverage - two of his strengths.  He's vulnerable when teams run at him.  Doesn't possess the strength to shed blocks and can lose gap integrity when shooting gaps instead of taking on blockers.  Shows great effort rushing the passer but just doesn't have the natural tools to consistently get to the quarterback.  Mouton can make some plays dropping into zone coverage and make some big hits in the open field.  Potentially a mid-round selection.	Mouton has enough height and speed.  Can shoot gaps and makes plays on the ball-carrier.  Uses his hands well to sift through the trash in pursuit.  Comfortable dropping into zone coverage, can break up passes, and make tackles in the flats.  Exhibits great effort rushing the passer.  Big hitter.
								Does not possess enough bulk or strength.  Struggles to get off blocks in the box.  Can be sucked in by misdirection and takes some poor angles in pursuit.  Doesn't appear fluid enough to hold up in man coverage against backs at the next level.  Lacks the elite burst to overcome bulk deficiencies while pass rushing.
							
2011	DeMarco Murray	2495207	RB	Oklahoma	Murray is an explosive athlete that has a chance to develop into a featured back in the NFL, but he has a lot of miles on his tires.  He runs very well and has an extra gear to take it to the house when he gets a seam.  His high cut frame gives him the look of a wide receiver and his precise route running and soft hands make him a weapon on third down.  He does not have the power to push the pile, and has missed a lot of time due to injury.  Murray will probably be a second day pick. 	Murray is tall with a muscular build.  Possesses great burst and the top end speed to break the long one.  Strong runner that consistently finishes runs and falls forward.  Excellent receiver that can get big chunks of yards after the catch.  Very capable blocker in pass protection.      
								Does not have the vision to consistently find open lanes and looks to bounce the ball outside too soon.  Runs a bit high and lacks the power to get the difficult yards between the tackles.  Lacks the agility to always make the first man miss in the hole.  Has struggled to stay on the field.  
							
2011	Drake Nevis	2495208	DL	LSU	Nevis has a chance to become an active 3-techinique in a 4-3 defense with his combination of initial burst, toughness and motor.  Surprisingly solid at the point of attack and against double teams despite lack of size.  Has the quickness to be disruptive but doesn't have the agility or closing burst to always finish.  Has some upside as a pass rusher because of his get off but again lack of top-end speed limits his productive and he's not a bull rusher.  Constantly moving his hands and doesn't stop working hard until the whistle.  Nevis will likely be taken on Day 2.	Nevis holds up against the run using low center of gravity to get good leverage.  Can take on the double and get off blocks.  Possesses good initial quickness and burst.  Uses hands well against the run and rushing the passer. Durable.  Has a good motor and some nice intangibles.
								Lacks some height and bulk you like to see for a defensive tackle.  Doesn't possess the range or top-end speed to always finish when penetrating or make plays outside the box.  Not overly comfortable moving laterally.  Does not consistently push the pocket with a bull rush.
							
2011	Kristofer O'Dowd	2495209	OL	USC	O'Dowd is a knowledgeable and hard working center prospect, but lacks the durability and physical skill set to become a starter at the next level.  He is like a coach on the field, as he makes terrific calls at the line and is quick to identify and pick up stunts and blitzes.  However, he lacks the athleticism to thwart faster defensive lineman in pass protection and does not have the explosion or strength to lead a running attack.  He has battled many injuries during his career and may not hold up physically, but O'Dowd has enough savy to make a roster and could be a late pick.  	O'Dowd is tall and thickly built.  Extremely well prepared kid that understands blocking assignments and makes great adjustments.  Very effective helping guards in pass protection.  Sinks his hips well to thwart the bull rush and uses his hands to get inside.  High effort kid who shows a bit of a mean streak.  
								Does not have the strength to generate a good push in the running game.  Keeps his feet moving but struggles to sustain blocks against stronger defenders.  Not athletic enough to mirror defenders in space and rarely makes plays in the second level.  Will lunge at times and is susceptible to double moves.  Struggles to stay healthy.  
							
2011	Stephen Paea	2495210	DT	Oregon St.	Paea is a powerful run stuffer that plays angry and should contribute immediately at the next level.  He is as strong as an ox and consistently knocks lineman back on their heels.  He takes on double teams and is near impossible to move out of the hole.  He lacks refined pass rushing skills, but has heavy hands and a good burst to eventually become a weapon on third down.  He is still learning the finer points of the game, but he has unparalleled toughness and a tireless work ethic.  Paea will likely not last past the middle of the first round.   	Paea is thickly built and runs well.  Explodes off the ball and has great strength to jar offensive lineman.  Uses his powerful hands to control blockers, sheds quickly, and closes fast.  Delivers violent shots when tackling.  Supremely tough, fights to the whistle every play and has excellent stamina.  Gym rat with a great work ethic.    
								Not big enough to line up on the nose at the next level.  Extremely raw as a pass rusher and lacks a repertoire of pass rush moves.  A bit stiff in the hips and struggles to break down ball carriers in space.  Relatively new to the game of football.  
							
2011	Niles Paul	2495211	WR	Nebraska	Paul has the physical tools and mentality to become a valuable backup wide receiver and special teams player in the NFL.  Has very good hands and makes some impressive grabs but route-running and separation skills are far behind his ball skills.  Getting open on a more consistent basis would really help to complete his game.  Can make some plays down the field vertically and in open space after the catch but won't really scare defenses as a true homerun threat.  Tough player who has returned kicks, works hard when blocking, and will go over the middle.  Paul's a mid-round prospect.	Paul is a nice combination of size and speed. Extends to pluck the ball away from his body, can make the back shoulder catch and get under the deep ball.  Can slip the first defender in the open field and break some tackles.  Tough, competitive and has return experience.
								Not an adequate route-runner at this time.  Idles down in and out of his breaks, needs to sharper his routes and do a better job setting up defensive backs.  Isn't a true downfield threat and doesn't possess a wide catch radius to consistently go up for the jump ball.
							
2011	Austin Pettis	2495212	WR	Boise St.	Pettis looks like a solid backup wide receiver with the mentality to contribute on special teams.  Is a very experienced player who was highly-productive in college, especially in the red zone.  Has the natural ball skills and hands you look for in a receiver.   While we worry about his ability to separate and get deep at the next level, he still makes so many plays in a crowd using his size and body control.  Pettis frame, hands and production level in college will likely land him in the middle rounds of the 2011 draft.	Pettis has good size and strength for the receiver position.  Displays the ability to sit in soft spots of zone coverage.  Catches the ball away from his frame and shows the body control necessary to bring in the poorly thrown pass.  Will make tough catches in traffic and win jump balls.  Flashes the ability to be a mean run blocker.
								May have difficulty separating from tight man coverage at the next level.  Not overly explosive off the line, builds speed with his long strides, and does not possess the speed to get vertical in the NFL.  Won't turn too many short passes into long gains or make defenders miss.
							
2011	Zack Pianalto	2495213	TE	North Carolina	Pianalto is a pass-catching tight end with good speed, but he is almost chronically injured and may lack the durability to play at the next level.  He has decent size and the straight-line speed to stretch the field down the seam, but he lacks fluidity and struggles to gain separation.  He has reliable hands and finds holes in zone coverage, but he does not pick up yards after the catch.  He also seems to be more of a finesse blocker and lacks the strength to generate a push.  Pianalto might lack the talent to overcome his durability issues and justify a late round pick.  	Pianalto has a large frame and enough speed to stretch the middle of the field.  Shows the ability to find soft spots in zone coverage.  Has soft hands and the body control to catch balls away from his chest.  Takes good angles run blocking and shows the ability to get to the second level.      
								Tight hips limit his agility and he will not separate in man coverage.  Will not make people miss in the open field.  Lacks the strength to be an effective drive blocker and struggles to sustain blocks.  Does not flash a mean streak and there are some questions about his competiveness.  Extremely injury prone.  
							
2011	Jason Pinkston	2495214	OL	Pittsburgh	Pinkston is deceptively athletic and has the football intelligence to make an NFL roster.  He does not impress on the hoof, but he understands blocking schemes and very rarely misses his assignment.  He also possesses quick feet and the lateral agility to hold up against athletic pass rushers and flashes the ability to generate a good push in the running game.  He does not show a fierce competitiveness on or off the field and he appears to be an underachiever.  Overall, Pinkston knows the game of football and has enough talent to develop into a quality reserve tackle.  He is likely a second day pick.  	Pinkston has adequate size and excellent instincts.  Quickly recognizes stunts and blitzes and is always in sound position.  Sets quickly, plays with a wide base, and flashes the ability to sink his hips to thwart the bull rush.  Athletic enough to mirror edge rushers and to make blocks in the second level.  
								On the shorter side with a soft body.  Lacks a powerful punch and takes too many false steps in pass pro.  Falls off blocks at times in the running game.  Takes poor initial angles and struggles to get sound hand placement.  Does not always finish blocks and lacks a mean streak.  Has durability concerns. 
							
2011	Christian Ponder	2495215	QB	Florida St.	Ponder's a fit for a West Coast team that would allow him to use his good footwork and proficiency in the short passing game.  Could become a starter if given time and decision making improves.  Uses his feet to buy extra time, leave the pocket to throw, or take off and running for first downs.  Exhibits the physical and mental toughness you like to see.  Has enough arm strength but doesn't put elite zip on the ball and will try to fit it into too many tight spots downfield.  Ponder has slowly climbed up boards, and he is almost certain to go in the second round.	Ponder's very tight and sound in his drop.  Accelerates quickly when escaping the pocket.  Will make plays in the open field after tucking.  Can buy time with his feet and keep his eyes downfield.  Does a good job in the short passing game getting the ball out quickly with accuracy.  Exhibits great leadership qualities and toughness.
								Must improve his overall decision making and awareness.  Will lock onto his first option and struggle to move through his progressions.  Can appear lost when making incorrect pre-snap read.  Takes too many chances and puts the ball in harms way too often.  Doesn't possess good deep ball accuracy.  Has an injury history.
							
2011	Mike Pouncey	2495216	OL	Florida	Pouncey is arguably this class' top interior offensive line prospect.  He has outstanding football IQ and the ability to become a pro-bowl starter at guard or center.  Has great feet needed to mirror pass rushers and pull down the line.  Uses his hands well when battling in pass protection.  Shows his understanding of the game when recognizing blitzers and effectively combo blocking with teammates.  Plays with passion and aggressiveness and has the work-ethic to continue to improve.  Defensive tackles with more size and strength than Pouncey can be his kryptonite but there aren't many holes in this guy's game.  A first round prospect.	Pouncey has great size and speed for an interior offensive lineman and will remind most of his twin brother Maurkise (Steelers; first round 2010).  Has a ton of playing experience at guard and center.  Displays elite awareness and discipline.  Plays with a mean streak.  Can mirror quick defensive tackles.  Uses quick first step and sound positioning in the running game.
								Struggled making shotgun snap early during senior season.  Occasionally beat by the bull rush when defensive tackle has more natural size and strength.  Not a true road-grader as a run blocker, again struggling at times against a heavier opponent.   Will miss his target on the edge or at the second level in space on occasion. 
							
2011	Jerrell Powe	2495217	DL	Mississippi	Powe could become an effective run-stopping, two-gap defensive tackle or possibly a 3-4 nose tackle due to his tremendous size and lower body strength.  Usually requires a double team in the running game.  Does more than just eat space, he can penetrate and also make some plays outside the box.  Can push the pocket with his bull rush but needs to polish up his technique and moves.  Like many other bid-bodied DT's, needs to watch his conditioning level.  Gets plays off and becomes less dominant against the run later in games.  Powe could entice a team to select him as high as the second round.	Powe possesses excellent bulk coupled with good speed for his size.  Can take on and beat the double team.  Clogs the middle and does a good job anchoring.  Fires off the ball and uses the bull rush to get to the passer.  Sure tackler once he latches onto the ball-carrier.
								Endurance is an issue.  Wears down on long drives and late in games.  Needs to watch his pad level at times.  Can be shoved off balance and is knocked down more often than other players with his stout build.  Needs to have more passing rushing moves in his arsenal.
							
2011	Brooks Reed	2495218	DL	Arizona	Reed has the awareness, technique and heart to be a productive player at the next level.  Has some upside as a possible conversion to 3-4 outside linebacker.  Gets to the quarterback with a variety of moves and a relentless motor.  Uses his hands really well to maintain gap integrity and disengage from blockers against the run.  Lack of size, his all-out playing style, and minor injury history pose some questions about his durability.  Reed's a polished college defensive end who will likely come off the board in the mid-to-late rounds by a team that values his veteran-like skill-set.	Reed is a maximum-effort player who will leave it all one the field.  A true technician who overcomes lack of ideal size and top-end speed to be productive against the run and pass.  Displays excellent awareness, maintains gap responsibilities, and can be counted on to play within your defensive system.  Has the potential to stand up in a 3-4.
								Does not possess ideal defensive end height or weight and isn't the type of guy who will turn heads in a combine setting.  Can pressure the passer but doesn't exhibit elite burst or closing ability.  Can be engulfed by strong run blockers at the point of attack.  Hips and feet are only adequate.
							
2011	Greg Romeus	2495219	DL	Pittsburgh	Romeus missed nearly his entire senior year dealing with back and knee injuries, but he has excellent size and the athleticism to contribute at the next level.  He is a powerful rusher with good speed that will be even more effective once he adds more counter moves to his repertoire.  He is very strong and difficult to move in the running game and shows the agility to make tackles from the backside.  He lacks the fluidity to make plays in space, but he has a very high ceiling and should be a middle round pick in spite of his injury concerns.  	Romeus has a monster frame and a good closing burst.  Powerful pass rusher that uses long arms to keep blockers at bay and flashes an effective swim move.  Sinks hips and holds the edge against the run and shows the ability to take on double teams.  Disciplined player that consistently keeps contain.        
								Does not show the explosive first step to be a true edge rusher.  Needs more polished counter moves.  Lacks the lateral agility to break down ball carriers in the open field and struggles to drop in coverage on zone blitzes.  Disappears at times during games.  Missed most of senior season due to injuries.    
							
2011	Evan Royster	2495220	RB	Penn St.	Royster is Penn State's all-time leading rusher, but he lacks the explosiveness to be as effective at the next level.  He shows the ability to consistently find running lanes and can make defenders miss in the hole.  However, he lacks the breakaway speed and lateral agility to consistently pick up big chunks of yards.  Also, he is not a very powerful runner and will not gain many yards after contact.  Overall, Royster is a productive football player that does al l the little things well, and he could sneak into the second day of the draft. 	Royster is tall with adequate bulk.  Possesses very good vision and patience to read blocks and exploit cutback lanes.  Shows good balance and runs through arm tackles.  Smart player that sells play fakes and takes pride in blocking in pass protection.  Extremely productive college player.   
								Does not have the breakaway speed to turn the corner and he is not elusive enough in the open field to consistently make defenders miss.  Runs a little high and lacks the power to be a strong runner between the tackles.  Raw route runner with inconsistent hands that is not weapon out of the backfield.
							
2011	Chris Rucker	2495221	DB	Michigan St.	Rucker has enough tools to be developed into a starting NFL corner but still has a ways to go.  Teams will be enticed by his height, speed and ability to play press-man coverage.  Really needs to improve his play in zone coverage.  Doesn't recognize routes quick enough and is susceptible to pump fakes, double moves, etc.  Does a good job tracking the football but doesn't possess the ball skills to routinely come down with interceptions.  Has the mentality and size to be productive in run support but needs to do a better job getting off blocks.  Could be a late Day 2 selection.	Rucker's a nice blend of size and speed for a corner.  Productive during college career.  Is a relatively smooth with his transitions for a high-cut athlete.  Uses long arms to effectively jam at the line and has enough speed to turn and recover.  Does a job of elevating and breaking up passes.
								Lacks awareness and instincts in coverage to stick with savvy route-runners.  Can be beat off the line in press coverage at times.  Takes some extra steps in and out of his breaks.  Does not always come down with the catchable interception.  Willing but not polished in run-support technique.  Has an injury history.
							
2011	Brandon Saine	2495222	RB	Ohio St.	Saine lacks the instincts and durability to be an every down player, but shows the skills and right attitude to be a change of pace back at the next level.  He is a downhill runner with enough speed to get the corner and break a long run when he finds daylight.  He can be a weapon out of the backfield, as he is too athletic for linebackers and has reliable hands.  However, he lacks the vision and patience to consistently find holes and is susceptible to injury.  He can be an effective complimentary back in the NFL and will likely be a Day 2 pick.  	Saine is a big back that can run.  Possesses a quick first step and a second gear to exploit seams.  Tough runner that shows good lean and always falls forward in short yardage situations.  Has enough wiggle to make the first defender miss. Effective receiver and willing blocker in the passing game.   
								A bit stiff in the hips and struggles to make sharp cuts.  Possesses less than ideal vision, looks to bounce runs outside too often and misses the open running lanes at times.  Does not always run with a good pad level and lacks the lower body strength to push the pile.  Not very durable.  
							
2011	Greg Salas	2495223	WR	Hawaii	Salas is a sub-package NFL receiver prospect who put up some big numbers in a wide-open college passing attack.  Doesn't possess a physical trait in the size or speed departments to be a mismatch at the next level.  Has good hands but doesn't consistently make the highlight-reel grab or win more than his fair share of jump ball battles.  Shows some understanding of route concepts but needs to refine his overall route-running technique.  Has the mentality needed to do the dirty work over the middle and play on special teams coverage units.  Salas is a mid-round draft prospect.	Salas is a highly-productive player.  Can work himself open against zone coverage.  Puts his frame in between the ball and the defender.  Has reliable hands and can adjust to the back shoulder throw.  Is a speed-builder who can get vertical with a free release off the line.  Willing to catch the ball in traffic.  
								Needs to polish up his route running for a prospect without elite quickness.  May have difficulty consistently gaining separation at the next level.  Is vulnerable against physical corners lined up in press-man coverage.  Not going to take the short pass for a long gainer.
							
2011	Weslye Saunders	2495224	TE	South Carolina	Saunders looks like an NFL tight end, but he may not get that opportunity after being dismissed from the Gamecocks in September.  He did not play as a senior and there are serious concerns about his character.   On the football field, Saunders has excellent size, good hands and is difficult to cover in both man and zone coverage.  He has enough speed to stretch the field and shows the ability to break tackles after the catch.  He is raw as a run blocker, but he has enough pass catching skills to be a starter and could still be a second day pick despite his off-the-field issues.  	Saunders has prototypical size.  Possesses a quick first step and the speed to stretch the field down the seam.  Fluid enough get open in man coverage and consistently finds soft spots in zone.  Has great hands and a large catching radius.  Shows a bit of a wiggle to make people miss in the open field.     
								Lacks explosion out of his breaks and will struggle to separate from more athletic linebackers.  A bit raw as a route runner.  Does not show the desire to be a solid run blocker and plays with poor leverage and technique.  Missed his senior year after being dismissed from the team.  
							
2011	Steve Schilling	2495225	OL	Michigan	Schilling is a hard-working, experience guard prospect who can initially serve as a reliable backup and could potentially become a starter with some improvements to his run blocking.  At this point, he plays a bit high, doesn't get much push but also isn't a pure zone blocker.  Could become more productive with some added bulk and has the frame for it.  Very complete pass protector who can deal with the bull rush, slide his feet some, has hands that never stop moving and can pickup blitzers.  Despite some of his limitations, Schilling carries a mid-round grade and could have a bright future.	Schilling has a lot of experience.  Very good pass blocker.  Uses his hands extremely well off the snap.  Can move laterally with quicker defensive lineman and can hold up against the bull rush.  Recognizes blitzes and defensive line twists.  Flashes the ability to get to the second level.
								Needs to add bulk.  Doesn't get much movement or push and needs to watch his pad level.  Comfortable zone blocking but doesn't possess great athleticism.  Will miss his assignment run blocking at times.  Would like a see a little more fire in the running game.  Has dealt with injuries dating back to high school.
							
2011	Caleb Schlauderaff	2495226	OL	Utah	Schlauderaff is not a very athletic guard, but he always seems to get the job done.  He is a well prepared player that never seems to be out of position.  He plays with a "bad attitude" and fights through the whistle.  He can be an effective run blocker, but he loses leverage at times and plays with a narrow base too often.  His slow first step and limited athleticism may prevent him from being a starter at the next level, but his toughness and work ethic will likely get him a spot on an NFL roster.  Schlauderaff should come off the board on the third day of the draft.  	Schlauderaff is a heady player that recognizes defensive tendencies and adjusts accordingly.  Uses hands to get inside defenders and is strong enough to thwart the bull rush and generate a good push in the running game.  Plays mean and looks to punish opponents on every play.      
								Lacks the athleticism needed to block bigger faster players at the next level.  Slow first step prevents him from consistently getting into position and limits his ability to pull and trap.  Does not show the ability to deliver a violent punch to knock defenders on their heels.  Needs to add more bulk.      
							
2011	Da'Rel Scott	2495227	RB	Maryland	Scott's a potential change-of-pace reserve running back at the next level.  Can be dangerous making defenders miss in the open field after getting by the initial wave.  Could also develop into a weapon in the passing game if route-running improves.  Not a true burner who will break long runs and will not be able to bounce to the outside as consistently as in college.  Lacking as an inside runner, short-yardage and goal line back, and in pass protection.  Is not a three-down load back.  Scott's natural playmaking abilities should make him a day 3 selection.	Scott has good speed and height for the running back position.  Good quickness to the hole.  Displays good vision running out in space after breaking through the line.  Agile, has good moves, and can stop and start without gathering.  Flashes the ability to make plays in the passing game.  Tough.
								Lacks great bulk and has an injury history.  Won't push the pile.  Will not break a ton of tackles.  Doesn't pick up too many yards after contact.  Needs to be more patient.  While quick and shifty, doesn't possess true home-run speed to take it the distance.  Route-running needs polish and has trouble in pass protection.
							
2011	Jabaal Sheard	2495228	DL	Pittsburgh	Sheard is an extremely successful college defensive end that might need to transition to outside linebacker at the next level.  He is on the shorter side, but has long arms and active hands to consistently get inside offensive tackles and he counters effectively.  He has a strong upper body to engage and shed in the running game and relentlessly pursues the ball carrier.  If he cannot play end in the NFL, he will struggle to make plays in space due to stiff hips and limited experience. Sheard will scare off a few teams due to a July 2010 arrest, but he has Day 2 talent.      	Sheard is long and thickly built.  Powerful bull rusher that has a vast repertoire of counter moves and uses his long arms to bat down passes.  Strong kid that delivers a powerful punch, sheds effectively and quickly locates the ball.  High motor player that makes plays on the backside.  Very productive.   
								A step slow off the line and lacks the speed to be a true edge rusher.  Does not have the hip fluidity to break down ball carriers in space or stick in man coverage.  Shows inconsistent awareness and is often fooled by draws and counters.  Arrested for assault prior to his senior season.    
							
2011	Kelvin Sheppard	2495229	LB	LSU	Sheppard has the skill-set necessary to become a solid starting 4-3 outside linebacker in the NFL.  Does a good job pursuing and tackling in open space and on the perimeter and can play in zone coverage but doesn't possess elite speed to consistently apply pressure off the edge or matchup in man against dangerous backs or tight ends.  Struggles when cornered in a phone booth.  Can be neutralized if blockers get good position and their hands on him.  Takes some false steps and loses discipline with pursuit angles at times, but does possess solid instincts and awareness.  Sheppard could sneak into Day 2.	Sheppard possesses great height and enough speed.  Pretty instinctive player who reacts quickly.  Changes directions well, breaks down in space and is a very sound open-field tackler.  Can deliver the kill-shot on occasion and looks to strip the football.  Is comfortable playing in zone coverage and can match up in man against most RB's and TE's.
								Can be dominated by bigger blockers.  Has a tough time getting of blocks in tight quarters. Susceptible to being sucked in by play-action.  Doesn't take the most direct route to the football on occasion.  Can be beat by athletic pass-catchers up the seam.  Doesn't have refined pass-rushing technique.    
							
2011	Derek Sherrod	2495230	OL	Mississippi St.	Sherrod currently looks more like a backup but could be a future starting tackle if he can add quite a bit of bulk and strength.  A nice blend of length and good feet, he can slide laterally with pass rushers and push them by the launch point but struggles to anchor against the bull rush.  Could benefit from improving awareness against pressure looks.  Uses positioning and instincts as a run blocker to create running lanes but isn't an effective drive blocker and won't push defenders backwards.   Has a solid makeup but doesn't possess a non-stop motor or great aggressiveness.  Early Day 3 grade.	Sherrod possesses a nice combination of height and mobility.  Gets set quickly and can push rushers past the pocket using his length and reach.  Uses good positioning to wall-off defenders when run blocking.  Has enough athleticism to get out and block in space.  Effective when combo blocking.
								Needs to add bulk to his frame.  Susceptible to the bull rush and violent moves.  Also struggles at times against stunts and twists and can be baited out of position.  Not a road-graded.  Won't get too much movement off the line.  Doesn't play with a lot of nastiness.  
							
2011	Jimmy Smith	2495231	CB	Colorado	Corners with Smith's size, speed and confidence in press coverage don't grow on trees.  He'll likely serve as reserve/nickel early in his career but has the skill set to eventually become a starter.  Very effective playing man coverage close to the line of scrimmage where he can use his size and length to disrupt timing patterns.  Can recover after initial bump and compete for the football.  Isn't as comfortable in off-man or zone but could improve over time.  Has the mentality and physical tools to be very productive in run support, just needs some more polish.  Smith's tools and upside will likely land him in the second round.  	Smith has outstanding height for a corner coupled with good speed.  Very effective in press-man using his length and size to jam and re-route.  Can turn and run, recover when beat, and break up passes with his great leaping ability and ball skills.  Likes to mix it up in run support and is also very physical here.  
								Hip stiffness in his angular, long build shows when playing off-man and breaking on underneath routes.  Not as comfortable in zone as in press-man.  Needs to be more consistent getting his head turned around to avoid interference calls.  Must take better angles when tackling in the open field.
							
2011	Nate Solder	2495232	OL	Colorado	Solder is one of the premier left tackle prospects in this class with the size, strength and athleticism needed to succeed on Sundays.  Very sound in pass protection, not as susceptible to the bull rush as you might think given his leaner build, just needs to continue to develop his game against complete pass rushers with a vast array of skills and moves.  Very complete in the running game as well, firing off the ball, gaining leverage and moving his feet inline and in space.  Understands assignments, locates his man at the second level or on the edge and recognizes and reacts to blitz packages.  A true first-round talent.	Solder possesses rare height, and length and impressive mobility.  Frame and long arms make him difficult for pass rushers to navigate around and he uses wingspan and hands well to control defenders.  Gets off the ball quickly and has good power in the run game.  Very comfortable in space.  Outstanding awareness.  
								Could afford to add some additional bulk to his frame.  Needs to watch his balance when facing edge rushers with speed and power moves.  Would benefit from becoming a bit more consistent against stunts and twists.  Would like to see him play with a mean streak for all four quarters.
							
2011	Ricky Stanzi	2495233	QB	Iowa	Stanzi possesses the mental makeup and on-field moxy of a starting NFL quarterback but still has quite a bit of development left before he's ready.  Can be a playmaker when using his feet to buy extra time, scrambling to throw, and allowing receivers more time to break free.  Is accurate on shorter passes but must improve consistency on intermediate and deep routes.  Flashes the ability to go through his progressions but ultimately still locks onto primary targets and forces too many throws.  If Stanzi can improve his accuracy, awareness and footwork, could be a good one. 	Stanzi displays great leadership qualities, toughness and intangibles.  Can escape the pocket, improvise and make plays.  Has the mobility necessary to evade the outside rush, climb the pocket, and buy more time.  Has enough athleticism to pick up first downs with his legs.  Displays good accuracy in the short passing game.  Has enough arm strength.
								Decision-making must improve.  Takes too many chances and puts the ball in harms way too often.  Unsound footwork leads to inaccuracy on intermediate and deep throws.  Needs to do a better job of leading receivers.  Doesn't have a quick release and can hold the ball a tick too long.
							
2011	Luke Stocker	2495234	TE	Tennessee	Stocker has prototypical size for a tight end at the next level, and he could develop into a weapon in the passing game.  He is not athletic enough to separate in man coverage, but he runs solid routes and works to find space in zone.  He uses his large frame to shield defenders and has very reliable hands to make difficult catches in traffic.  He has technical lapses as a blocker, but has the frame, tenacity and strength to develop into a powerful run blocker.  Stocker is a blue collar-type player that will likely be selected in the middle rounds.  	Stocker has a big frame and is thickly built.  Runs well for his size and can stretch the field.  Possesses good hands and a large catching radius.  Finds soft spots in zone coverage and is fearless on crossing routes.  Tough kid that is a capable run blocker.     
								Lacks the hip fluidity to gain separation in transition and is neutralized in man coverage.  Does not have the body control to be a weapon in the red zone.  Struggles to make people miss in the open field.  Lunges at defenders when pass blocking and is vulnerable to double moves.   
							
2011	Quan Sturdivant	2495235	LB	North Carolina	Sturdivant's draft stock dipped after missing five games this past season with a hamstring injury, but he is athletic enough to eventually become a starter at the next level.  He is a smart football player that flows to the ball and shows a good closing burst.  He gets in good position and shows the ability to anticipate routes in zone coverage, and he maintains speed in transition which makes him effective in man.  He lacks the necessary bulk and strength to take on blockers and can is engulfed in phone booth situations too often.  Sturdivant is likely a third round pick.     	Sturdivant is a rangy 'backer with good speed.  Reads quickly, fills fast and shows the ability to blow up run plays in the backfield.  Drops smoothly in coverage and is athletic enough to stick with backs and tight ends in man coverage.  Solid tackler that consistently wraps the ball carrier.  
								Does not have the strength to take on blockers, struggles to shed quickly and gets lost in traffic too often.  Over-aggressive at times and is vulnerable to play fakes.  Struggles to break down ball carriers in space.  Inconsistent motor prevents him from getting to the quarterback when blitzing.  Has some character concerns.
							
2011	Matthew Szczur	2495236	WR	Villanova	Szczur is an excellent athlete that was a fifth round draft pick for the Chicago Cubs in 2011.  On the football field, he does everything at the FBS level, as he lines up at receiver, running back and quarterback.  He is quicker than fast, reaches top speed instantly, and is a nightmare to tackle in the open field.  Also has a knack for finding soft spots in zone coverage and he uses subtle fakes to gain space on underneath routes.  Szczur will never be a number one receiver in the NFL, but he projects to be a weapon in the slot and a middle round pick if he does not choose a career in baseball.      	Szczur has adequate size with terrific foot speed.  Fearless kid who works the middle of the field and fights for extra yards after contact.  Extremely shifty and uses superb lateral agility to make defenders miss in the open field.  Versatile athlete that played multiple positions well at Villanova.  
								Szczur is a bit undersized and does not have the top end speed to stretch the field at the next level.  Not the sharpest route runner and lacks the strength to consistently beat the press off the line.  Struggles to sustain blocks against bigger players.  May pursue a career in baseball.    
							
2011	Phil Taylor	2495237	DL	Baylor	Taylor possesses the rare size and natural brute strength NFL front offices are looking for in a potential 3-4 nose tackle or two-gaper.  Can anchor against the run, fight through double teams, uses his hands well, and doesn't necessarily need to come off the field on third down with his adequate pass rushing ability and good feet.  A tendency to play high, limited range, in-game durability and some off-the-field red flags do hurt his stock.  However, prospects with Taylor's size and ability don't grow on trees, so he shouldn't last past the middle rounds.	Taylor possesses rare size, has impressive strength, and good speed considering his weight.  Very effective anchor at the point of the attack against the run and can take on the double team.  Can be effective using the bull rush, coming off the ball and displays a jarring initial hand punch.   
								Can play high at times.  Won't chase down many plays or make many tackles outside the box.  Doesn't have the first-stop quickness to consistently penetrate.  Stamina is a concern.  Has he has a tendency to wear down late in games and during long drives.  Has some off-the-field issues and was dismissed from Penn State.
							
2011	Adrian Taylor	2495238	DL	Oklahoma	Taylor is a talented football player that has a difficult road to the NFL after tearing his Achilles tendon during his senior season.  If he recovers fully, he has the potential to be a quality reserve at the next level.  He is very strong at the point of attack and is very difficult to move out of holes in the running game.  He does not show the pass rushing skills to consistently put pressure on the quarterback, but he generates a good initial surge and can improve with better hand play and counter moves.  Taylor's injury will likely make him an undrafted free agent.  	Taylor has great length and adequate bulk.  Has a quick first step and a violent punch to shock blockers on their heels.  Uses his hands to effectively control opponents and is strong enough to anchor against the run.  Flashes a powerful bull rush to collapse the pocket.         
								Does not have the range to make plays from the backside or the closing burst to get after the quarterback.  Not an advanced pass rusher and lacks a repertoire of counter moves.  Plays high at times when fatigued limiting his good strength.  Has serious durability concerns.    
							
2011	Zane Taylor	2495239	OL	Utah	Taylor is a smart kid with plenty of experience, but it is unclear if he has the ceiling to make an impact at the next level.  He understands pass protection, has a good first step and is a hard worker that plays with a chip on his shoulder.  His aggression sometimes gets him into trouble as he will lunge at opponents making him susceptible to counter moves and delayed blitzes.  He also lacks the lower body strength to consistently generate a good push in the running game.  Overall, Taylor is very coachable and he should be a late round pick despite his physical limitations.  	Taylor has a quick first step.  Excels at pre-snap reads and directs pass protection.  Wide base allows him to hold his ground against the bull rush and he uses his hands effectively to keep defenders on their heels.  Aggressive kid who works hard to sustain blocks and looks to punish defenders.  
								A bit undersized and may struggle to block bigger lineman at the next level.  Lacks adequate lateral agility, plays too high and is vulnerable to double moves.  Does not have the strength to be a dominant drive blocker.  Exposed by stunts and blitzes due to aggressive style of play.    
							
2011	Tyrod Taylor	2495240	QB	Virginia Tech	Taylor is a hard working kid that has improved every year, but it is unclear if he can play quarterback at the next level.  He has a quick release and a strong arm, but he is somewhat erratic as a passer.  He also does not show the consistent sound decision making to be an efficient quarterback.  His greatest asset is his athleticism and he should be able to contribute immediately as a running back, receiver or return man.  A terrific senior season, where he completed nearly 60% of his passes, has helped his draft stock and he could sneak into the third round.   	Taylor is an excellent athlete with a thick muscular build.  Has excellent mobility and continually evades the rush while keeping his eyes downfield.  Has above average arm strength and flashes the ability to fit the ball into tight windows on short to intermediate routes.  Team leader and fierce competitor.         
								Does not possess adequate height and too many of his passes are knocked down at the line.  Sloppy footwork prevents him from stepping into throws making him an erratic passer.  Locks onto receivers and often telegraphs his throws.  Struggles breaking down coverage and makes too many ill-advised throws.   
							
2011	Daniel Thomas	2495241	RB	Kansas St.	Thomas the combination of size, strength, burst and vision to become a solid NFL starting running back.  A lot of his production comes in-between the tackles, picking his lanes, bursting through the hole, staying behind his pads and finishing runs by falling forward for additional yardage.  Good in short yardage and goal line situations.  Has enough agility to shake some defenders, get the corner and get upfield but isn't a true home-run threat. Does a very good job in pass protection but may never become a difference-making pass-catching option at the next level.  Thomas carries a second round grade and could contribute immediately.	Thomas has a great blend of size, power and speed.  Consistently gains yardage after contact and breaks arm tackles.  Can push the pile.  Possesses good vision and patience.  Has great initial burst, especially for a big back.  Can make defenders miss in the box with his quick feet.  Willing and capable in pass pro.  Durable and can handle the load.
								Occasionally waits a count too long before cutting upfield through the hole.  Has great short-area athleticism but doesn't possess great top-end speed to break a lot of long runs.  Isn't overly comfortable in the passing game.  Not a refined route-runner and struggles at times to create space.
							
2011	Terrence Toliver	2495242	WR	LSU	Toliver will attract the interest of some clubs with his sought-after combination of length, height and straight-line, top-end speed.  Adept at running deeper routes or long-developing crosses at any depth.  However, isn't a consistently dangerous deep threat at this point.  Doesn't always come down with the 50-50 jump ball and can have alligator arms over the deep middle.  Doesn't possess the quick-twitched athleticism or run the crisp routes needed to consistently gain separation on most short-to-intermediate patterns.  Could afford to exhibit more effort when run blocking and has some character flags.  Still, Toliver's frame and speed are coveted and he'll likely be selected on Day 2.	Toliver is blessed with exceptional height and good speed.  Extends long arms and catches the ball away from his body.  Can win jump ball battles.  Builds speed, is a long-strider and can be a vertical threat.  Excels running deeper routes but also crosses where he can gradually gain separation.  Durable.
								Is straight-lined and doesn't possess the fluidity to get in and out of his breaks.  Loses some jump balls to more physical defensive backs.  Shows some inconsistency catching the ball in traffic.  Does not have the quickness and short-area explosiveness to make a lot of defenders miss. Had a reported off-the-field issue.
							
2011	Devon Torrence	2495243	DB	Ohio St.	Torrence may never play football at the next level as he already plays baseball for the Houston Astros' organization during the summers, but he has the skill set to develop into an effective cover-2 corner.  He is a converted wide receiver who has outstanding body control to make plays on the ball and flashes the ability to make big returns on interceptions.  However, he is not explosive enough stick with faster wide receivers and makes too many mistakes diagnosing the play.  His name may be called in the middle rounds, as he has the potential to become a solid corner in a zone heavy scheme.	Torrence has good size and bulk.  Shows the ability to make plays on underneath routes in zone coverage.  Fluid athlete that has the hands to make interceptions and the agility to make people miss in the open field. Plays with a mean streak, takes proper angles in run support and is a very capable tackler.  
								Makes too many misreads and gets caught out of position.  Lacks the explosion to quickly close gaps once the ball is in the air.  Does not flash an effective press at the line of scrimmage.  Plays a bit high and takes too many false steps limiting his ability to stick in man coverage.  Already a professional baseball player.      
							
2011	Demarcus Van Dyke	2495244	DB	Miami	Van Dyke is a developmental sub-package defensive back prospect due to his track speed and height.  Can do some good things in deep coverage and can recover but isn't sound in zone or underneath man coverage.  Can make some plays on the ball but isn't going to rack up the interceptions.  Is not physical when coming up to support the run.  Isn't comfortable playing in a crowd but does break down well in space.  Van Dyke was a dual-sport athlete at Miami (track) and has worked hard on the gridiron but only carries a mid-to-late round grade.	Van Dyke is blessed with great speed and good height for a corner.  Track athlete who can recover when beat and shows good burst to the football.  Does a good job defending the deep ball with his length and straight-line speed.  Is a good tackler in the open field.  Hard-working and durable.
								Overall defensive back skill set needs polish.  Is not overly fluid when asked to turn and run or stick with savvy route-runners.  Will drift from his position in zone coverage.  Not a real playmaker in terms of coming down with the INT.  Not very productive when coming up in run support.
							
2011	Ryan Whalen	2495245	WR	Stanford	Whalen is a hard worker with good size, but he lacks the physical tools to be a contributor at the next level.  He does not have breakaway speed and he is a bit stiff in the hips which slows him down in and out of breaks.  He will not be able to separate in man coverage, but he has a good feel for the game and gets open in zone.  He flashes the body control and focus to make difficult catches in traffic, but he is too inconsistent in this area.  Whalen's limited upside makes him a later round pick.   	Tall receiver with good length.  Has a knack for finding soft spots in zone coverage.  Uses head fakes effectively to set up defensive backs and gain separation.  Tough kid that works the middle of the field and secures the ball in traffic.  Hard worker that is very coachable.     
								Lacks the top end speed to stretch the field and the explosion to separate in man coverage.  Shows inconsistent focus and drops too many catchable balls.  Poor leaping ability neutralizes his good length on jump balls.  Does not have the wiggle to make people miss in the open field.        
							
2011	Deunta Williams	2495246	CB	North Carolina	Williams is a supremely confident safety who has the speed and cover skills to eventually develop into a starter at the next level.  He puts in time in the film room and always appears to be in position to make a play in coverage.  He has the speed to be a true center fielder and the terrific hands to make acrobatic interceptions.  He must become more physical in run support, but he takes proper angles to the ball and makes tackles despite not delivering big shots on impact.  Williams has a chance to sneak into the second round if he runs really well.	Williams has ideal size and good speed.  Smart kid that is always in position and shows a knack for anticipating routes.  Fluid athlete that sticks with receivers in and out of their breaks in man coverage.  Possesses reliable hands and the body control to make difficult interceptions.  Takes precise angles in run support and is a sound tackler.  
								Over-aggressive at times and can be burned by double moves.  Lacks physicality in run support and struggles to disengage from blockers.  Does not deliver violent shots when tackling and will sometimes resort to arm tackles.  Will not make plays in jump ball situations.    
							
2011	Ian Williams	2495247	DL	Notre Dame	Williams is recovering from a torn MCL suffered during his senior season, but he is a quality run stopper that could be an effective two-down specialist.  He is near impossible to move when he gets in good position, as he is very strong and has a thick compact body.  He is also a hard worker that never gives up on the play.  He can be a very stout run stopper, but he is not athletic or technically refined enough to contribute in the pass rush.  Williams is a one dimensional player, but he is human hole plugger and should get picked late.	Williams has a low center of gravity and possesses a quick first step.  Strong run plugger that can anchor against double teams and flashes a powerful bull rush.  High effort kid that relentlessly pursues the ball carrier and is a sound tackler.  Has a good attitude and is very coachable.  
								Does not have the burst to get after the quarterback or make tackles in the backfield.  Lacks the hand technique to consistently shed blocks and does not show effective pass rushing counter moves.  Not fluid enough to make plays in space.  Has a soft body and a limited frame.  Trying to return from a torn MCL in November 2010.     
							
2011	D.J. Williams	2495248	TE	Arkansas	Williams is a highly-productive, hard-working tight end prospect with outstanding character who was one of the key components of Arkansas' dangerous passing attack over the last few seasons.  Doesn't possess adequate NFL tight end height but should be able to fit in nicely as an H-Back.  Will make a lot of plays finding open spaces against zone coverage but can be neutralized by athletic safeties or linebackers in man coverage.  Is a gritty player willing to make tough catches in traffic.  Works really hard and is effective in the running game.  Williams should expect to be a mid-round selection.	Williams was very productive against great competition in the SEC.  A smooth, intelligent route-runner, who excels against zone coverage.  Has really good hands and consistently catches the ball away from his body.  Possesses the toughness and bulk to go over the middle and be productive as a run blocker.
								Does not have the height you look for at the tight end position.  Lack of height also limits his red area and jump ball ability.  Doesn't explode off the line or possess the deep speed to challenge a defense vertically.  Could struggle against tight man-to-man coverage at the next level.  
							
2011	Lawrence Wilson	2495249	LB	Connecticut	Wilson looks like a future backup who should be able to be productive on special teams.  Has good height and speed but lacks the bulk or playing strength to take on and shed blockers against the run.  Flashes the potential of a sideline-to-sideline player but isn't the most sound openfield tackler or the smoothest player in space/coverage.  Could see action in passing situations with his combination of range in coverage and comfort blitzing.  One of those interesting prospects who, despite his experience and productive in college, still has upside and needs polish to elevate his game to that of an NFL starter.  Day 3, late-round prospect.	Wilson is an experienced, highly-durable linebacker.  Can fly around the field and make plays from sideline to sideline against the run.  Closes well and has a motor that doesn't stop.  Likes to attack vertically as a blitzer.  Does a good job in man coverage and is comfortable playing zone.
								Does not want to play in tight quarters.  Ability to take on blockers and shed must improve at the next level.  Takes false steps when defending counters.  Despite good speed, will fail to breakdown properly and miss tackles in the open field.  Can get turned around in man coverage.
							
2011	Stefen Wisniewski	2495250	OL	Penn St.	Wisniewski comes from a football family and has the versatility to be a quality backup at the next level.  He has great football intelligence, quickly recognizes stunts and blitzes and is rarely caught out of position.  However, he lacks the lower body strength to generate a consistent push in the running game and will not thwart the bull rush in the NFL.  He played guard early in his career and can line up at all three interior offensive line positions.  Wisniewski has the smarts to make up for his lack of strength and will likely be a later round pick. 	Wisniewski is tall with adequate speed.  Knowledgeable lineman that makes quality pre-snap reads and is always in sound position.  Effective zone blocker that consistently picks up the right assignment.  Slides and mirrors well in pass protection and delivers a good initial punch.  Has experience playing both guard and center.     
								Lacks the bulk and lower body strength to hold stout against bigger defensive tackles.  Has poor footwork and struggles to sustain blocks. Takes poor angles moving to the second level and lacks the lateral agility to consistently make blocks in space.  Does not always finish blocks and fails to show a mean streak.  
							
2011	Shareece Wright	2495251	DB	USC	Wright was ruled academically ineligible for the 2009 season, but he has worked hard to salvage his career and has the potential to be drafted in April.  He plays very aggressively and likes to hit in run support despite being slightly undersized.  He is fast with good agility to stick in man coverage and shows good recognition skills to make plays in zone.  His off the field issues, coupled with a serious neck injury in 2008, may scare off a few teams, but Wright is a talented corner and has a chance to be a mid-to-late round draft pick.    	Wright plays bigger than his listed size and has good speed.  Possesses quick feet and the hip fluidity to transition smoothly and mirror in man coverage.  Shows very good instincts to anticipate routes in zone and closes quickly when the ball is in the air.  Willing tackler in run support and looks to deliver big shots.    
								Does not have the deep speed to close the gap once he beat on go routes.  Over aggressive at times and is susceptible to double moves.  Struggles to break down ball carriers in space and does not always wrap effectively.  There are questions about his maturity and durability.  
							
2011	K.J. Wright	2495252	LB	Mississippi St.	Wright's a well-rounded linebacker prospect who could line up as a strongside outside linebacker in a 4-3 front or inside for a 3-4 team.  Very nice combination of length, speed and size that can hold up against the power running game, chase down plays across the field, rush the passer and play some in coverage.  Main drawback is his lack or pure linebacker instincts.  Susceptible to misdirection and run-action.  You'd like to see him diagnose a bit quicker and get his physical tools in motion sooner.  Wright's a mid-round prospect who could turn into a quality starting with more development and experience.	Wright is rangy and well-built.  Keeps blockers off his body with his length and active hands.  Closes well in pursuit.  Sure tackler who can deliver the big blow.  Smooth athlete for a high-cut 'backer and comfortable tackling in space or playing in zone coverage.  Gets after the passer with speed and power.  Durable.
								Recognition skills and overall awareness need improvement.  Can get walled off when he's a tick late locating the football.  Pad level is higher than you'd like on occasion.  Needs to watch his angles of pursuit, isn't always direct to the ball-carrier.  Has trouble with quicker tight ends and backs in man coverage.
							
2011	Titus Young	2495253	WR	Boise St.	Young possesses the makeup and run-after-the-catch ability of an NFL slot receiver who could also contribute in the return game.  Put a few really impressive statistical seasons on his resume.  Has the quickness and speed to get open underneath but route-running is still somewhat or a work in progress.  Was not being covered by elite defensive backs on a week-to-week basis.  Size is an issue, as more physical defensive backs can out-muscle him, and limits his downfield big-play potential.  Has some off-the-field and on-field behavioral issues that must be checked out.  However, Young's production and "make you miss" talent will likely land him in the middle rounds.	Young can make the first man miss on short passes.  Reaches top speed in a hurry to gain yards after the catch.  Does a good job beating man coverage on underneath routes and can find the soft spots in zones.  Has enough speed to threaten a defense vertically at times.  Very competitive.
								Lack of bulk and strength prevents him from winning jump ball battles.  Willing to roam the middle but can be pressed at the line or bullied off his routes.  Doesn't seem to drop many balls but is a body-catcher.  Has been disciplined and suspended multiple times during college career.
							
2011	Daniel Ziemba	2495254	OL	Auburn	Ziemba, fresh off a BCS National Championship with Auburn, has a chance to become a solid starting right tackle at the next level.  Has a ton of starts on his resume including many against top competition.  He possesses excellent size and good mobility for a big man.  Despite all his starting experience, he could still benefit from tightening up his technique as both a pass and run blocker.  Flashes the foot speed and quickness the teams covet but still needs to do a better job protecting the quarterback and blocking out in space.  Ziemba's a talented, battled-tested prospect who should be selected in the third round-range.	Ziemba is one of the most experienced players, regardless of position, in the 2011 draft, having made over 50 starts.  Extremely durable during college career.  Possesses great size.  Flashes good foot quickness in pass protection and outstanding strength in the running game.  Has solid recognition skills.
								Technique in pass protection and run blocking still needs work.  Can be beaten by the bull rush when he doesn't sink his hips and has trouble at times dealing with speed rushers.  Needs to take better angles when getting to the second level and do a more consistent job of blocking in space.
							
2011	Daniel Aiken	2495255	OL	Virginia	NA	NA	NA
2011	Ladi Ajiboye 	2495256	DL	South Carolina	Ajiboye projects as a backup defensive tackle in a 4-3.  Not a difference-maker with his quickness and range or pure strength.  Displays some good burst off the ball against the run and pass.  Also uses his hands very well.  Gets off blocks, uses the swim and rip moves and doesn't stop pursuing and getting after the passer.  However, doesn't have the athleticism to consistently get into the backfield, make plays on the backside and also lacks the pure power to bull rush, take on the double team or supply an adequate two-gap anchor.  Ajiboye's a Day 3 prospect.	Ajiboye displays pretty good get off against the run.  Can plug up a gap or use his hands to disengage from blockers.  Flashes the ability to take on the double team.  Fires off the ball when rushing the passer and has violent hands to get of blocks.  Has a sturdy base and maintains balance.
								Lacks idea size measurables and does not possess great overall mobility.  Not going to consistently pressure the passer with quickness and doesn't have the power the bull rush to the launch point.  Not an adequate two-gap player, who stacks and sheds.  Won't make many plays in pursuit.  Possible character flags.
							
2011	Armando Allen	2495257	RB	Notre Dame	Allen lacks the size and speed to be a starter at the next level, but he could contribute as a change-of-pace back.  He effectively hides behind his blockers and has the vision to find holes and cutback lanes.  He is a very capable receiver that has experience lining up wide and turns and runs effectively after the catch.  However, he does not have the explosion to get open in man coverage and he will not gain consistent yardage after the catch.  Allen is a solid football player, but his physical limitations probably make him a rookie free agent.  	Allen is a versatile running back with a low center of gravity.  Follows his blockers and locates seams.  Finds soft spots in zone coverage, flashes reliable hands and catches the ball in stride.  Keeps his head on a swivel and is a willing blocker in pass protection. 
								On the smaller side and lacks the strength to be an every down back.  Does not have the speed to get the edge at the next level.  Runs too high and will not break many tackles or push the pile.  Has issues at times with ball security.  Not overly elusive in space.  
							
2011	Matt Asiata	2495258	RB	Utah	Asiata is a potential backup running back who could provide some value in short yardage and goal line situations with his thick build and good power.  However, he lacks the top-end speed, elusiveness, vision, and pass-catching ability to be considered a future three-down starter.  Is a good inside runner and can get low and drive the pile but does not show patience or great instincts.  Can gain yardage after contact and break some tackles but isn't going to rip off long runs or hit the seam for six.  Protects the pass but isn't a productive receiver.  Asiata's could hear his name called in the seventh round.	Asiata possesses a sturdy build.    Productive in between the tackles and short yardage runner.  Drives his legs and can push the pile.  Rarely goes down on first contact.  Can bounce off would-be tacklers.  Punishes defenders instead of running out of bounds.  Capable blocker in pass protection.
								Lacks speed.  Will likely struggle to get to the corner at the next level.  Not a home-run threat who can quickly pick up big chunks of yardage.  Not going to shake tacklers in the backfield or out in space.  Needs to become more patient and allow for holes to open up.  Not a pass-catching threat.
							
2011	Dan Bailey	2495259	K	Oklahoma St.	NA	NA	NA
2011	Brandon Bair	2495260	DL	Oregon	Bair is a college defensive tackle but will not be able to hold up inside at the next level.  We see him as a developmental 3-4 defensive end prospect with length and grow potential.  He struggles to hold his ground at the line and takes too long to disengage but does provide some value tracking down plays with good range.  Shows good quickness off the ball rushing the passer, the potential to develop some effective moves, and the straight-lined speed to close but will never offer much as a bull rusher.  Bair is a seventh rounder or rookie free agent.	Bair possess great height and length.  Can gain good position with his solid get off.  Has the feet and mobility to make some tackles outside the box.  Can arrive at the quarterback if he beats his man cleanly with quickness and has enough burst to close.  Bats down passes.  Solid motor.
								Lacks the strength, power, or bulk to hold up at the point of attack.  Complete mismatch when asked to take on a double team.  Despite length, does not effectively stack, shed and redirect to the ball-carrier.  Will not collapse the pocket with power moves and struggles to disengage for second effort rush.
							
2011	Christian Ballard	2495261	DL	Iowa	Ballard's draft stock could depend upon whether teams see him as versatile defensive lineman who could be a strongside end or move inside in a Tampa 2-type, penetrating scheme, or if he's viewed as a raw 'tweener who lacks speed to play end and the strength needed inside.  Either way, he possesses a great frame coupled with quickness and agility.  Can penetrate with his explosive get off but doesn't have the pass rushing arsenal or closing speed to consistently arrive at the passer.  Displays good range against the run but doesn't shed quick enough.  Motor and awareness are below average.  Ballard's a Day 2 prospect.	Ballard has a very nice combination of size and mobility.  Has great get off and establishes initial position.  Makes plays in pursuit when he gets off blocks.  Can penetrate as a pass rusher with his outstanding quickness.  Moves extremely well laterally.  Has quick hands.    Experienced.  Versatile.  Solid character.
								Needs to do a better job getting off blockers.  May struggle to set the edge at the next level.  Does not effectively counter as a pass rusher or have great closing speed and burst.  Needs to develop his pass rushing moves.  Effort is inconsistent.  Could be a 'tweener from a physical size/speed standpoint.
							
2011	Nick Bellore	2495262	LB	Central Michigan	Bellore was extremely productive at Central Michigan, but his limited speed will likely make him a two-down player at the next level.  He has very good football intelligence and reacts a step quicker than most, but he does not use his hands well enough to consistently shed blockers.  He flashes a closing burst to make plays behind the line despite lacking great range.  In the passing game, he is not fluid or explosive enough to stick in man and lacks the recognition skills to jump routes in zone.  Bellore is tough kid that will get drafted late due to his run stopping abilities.  	Bellore has a thick muscular build.  Smart player that reads quickly and is rarely fooled by play action or misdirection.  Possesses the closing burst to make plays in the backfield.  Fills hard in run support and flashes the ability to deliver big shots when tackling.  Hard worker with a relentless motor.   
								Does not have the range to be a sideline-to-sideline player.  Lacks the speed and lateral agility to stick with tight ends and running backs in man coverage.  Shows questionable instincts in zone.  Struggles to consistently shed blocks and can get cut.  Takes poor angles at times in run support and slides off too many tackles.  
							
2011	Damien Berry	2495263	RB	Miami	Berry's a potential backup who can also contribute on special teams covering kicks but doesn't possess the explosiveness or power to develop into a starter.  Reads his blocks well but doesn't always have enough burst to the hole and lacks the top-end speed to take it the distance when breaking past the second level.  Isn't a pile-pusher or a good fit for short yardage situations but does a nice job maintaining balance on contact and can break tackles when defenders fail to wrap up.  Isn't experience or refined catching the football or in pass protection.  Berry's a borderline Day 3 talent.	Berry has a solid combination of size and speed.  Waits patiently in the backfield for the play to develop and has good vision.  Flashes the ability to turn the corner or hit the cutback lane.  Possesses the strength and balance to break arm tackles.  Can contribute on special teams.  Has good character.  
								Lacks great explosiveness to the hole and elusiveness in space.  Idles down some when cutting and changing direction.  Not a true home-run threat.  Doesn't possess the power to drive defenders backwards  or thrive in short yardage.  Ball security can be an issue.  Needs to improve as a pass protector.  Has an injury history.
							
2011	James Brewer	2495264	OL	Indiana	Brewer has some redeeming qualities - size and work ethic - but does not possess the movement skills of an NFL offensive lineman.  Really struggles versus quick pass rushers and is not a candidate to lead out on the edge or be productive blocking at the second level.  Despite size, can be pushed back by defensive lineman with similar size and strength and doesn't get great movement off the ball.  He will create some running space by getting into position and walling off defenders and occasionally flashed the ability to pass protect in college.  Brewer is a likely rookie free agent.	Brewer has the size of an NFL offensive tackle and some straight-line speed.  Can hold up against most bull rushers.  Does a good job with his first step when run blocking to get into position and let his size take over.  Plays with good effort.
								Does not have the feet and athleticism needed for the next level.  Can not slide and move with speed rushers on the edge.  Doesn't always finish after gaining initial position.  Not a violent or powerful run blocker and be blown off the ball.  Needs to watch his pad level.  Not comfortable blocking in space.  Inconsistent recognition skills.
							
2011	Jalil Brown	2495265	DB	Colorado	Brown's a physical corner with good size and speed who could find a home as a reserve on a team that plays a lot of bump and run.  Uses his length and strength to prevent the free release, can turn and run, but does not possess the hips to prevent separation or the elite recovery speed once beaten off the line.  Overall awareness in coverage is not adequate at this time.  Ball skills are average.  With further development, could be very productive in run support.  Brown has enough physical measurables, good intangibles and a short-term memory needed for the league.  Currently carries a late-round grade.	Brown is a big corner with good speed, comfortable in press man, jamming and re-routing at the line, and turning and running.  Hard-nosed player who is willing in run support and will fight for the jump ball.  Makes the routine interception.  Received multiple accolades while at Colorado for his work ethic.
								Lacks instincts in off-man coverage and zone coverage.  Does not have adequate anticipation skills to jump routes.  A tick slow sniffing out screens and draws.  Slows down in-and-out of breaks while mirroring underneath and intermediate routes.  Lacks elite make-up speed.  Pursuit angles in run support need to be more consistent.
							
2011	Stephen Burton	2495266	WR	West Texas A&M	Burton is a developmental prospect with some tools (size, toughness) to work with to develop into a reserve wide receiver.  However, he lacks the consistent hands, ability to separate, and big play potential of a starting NFL receiver.  Comfortable in his stem on a straight line but isn't overly fluid working laterally and transitioning.  Can be a difference maker in the jump ball department and can haul in the over-the-shoulder pass but does not have natural hands.  Doesn't play timid over the middle and can make some plays in a crowd.  Solid blocker who could become better.  Burton's a potential seventh round selection.	Burton  possesses great size and an impressive physique coupled with adequate speed.  Displays good awareness finding holes in zone coverage.  Is comfortable running under the deep ball making the over the shoulder grab.  Good jump ball ability.  Will make his way back to the QB.  Unafraid to work the middle.  Capable run blocker.
								Is not a fluid route-runner.  Idles down in and out of his breaks and may struggle to gain separation at the next level.  Body catches at times and will drop the makeable play.  Struggles to adjust to the poorly thrown pass.  Lacks dangerous deep speed.
							
2011	Jordan Cameron	2495267	TE	USC	Cameron is a very raw prospect with a lot of upside potential.  Will attract teams with his outstanding combination of height, speed and hands but overall awareness, blocking, and tenacity are not adequate.  Is a threat to get vertical up the seam and can rise up for the tough catch but needs a lot of development as a route-runner on short-to-intermediate patterns and while locating soft spots in the zones.  At this time, profiles strictly as a flex-out tight end or H-back.  Does not show the strength or power to provide value as an in-line blocker.  Cameron's a boom-or-bust late-round prospect.	Cameron possesses a great developmental frame and excellent speed for a tight end.  Can gain separation with his athleticism.  Will catch passes when covered using his huge catch radius and leaping ability.  Displays soft, confident hands.  Plucks and snatches away from his frame.  Height, speed and hands make him a big-play threat.
								Needs to add bulk but has the frame to do so.  Is not an effective in-line blocker.  Does not get movement or sustain.  Lacks instincts in pass protection.  Has a long ways to go as a route-runner.  Needs to become sharper in-and-out of breaks and more adept at sitting down against zone coverage.
							
2011	Chris Carter	2495268	DL	Fresno St.	Carter is a college defensive end who could find a home as a backup 4-3 outside linebacker at the next level.  Lacks the size and strength to keep his hand down full-time but also limited athletically.  Has some redeeming qualities - shows awareness at DE that looks transferable to OLB and special teams, is accountable for his responsibilities within your defensive system, can fire off the ball and rush the passer, and does a good job tackling in tight areas.  However, he isn't overly stout taking on blockers, struggles to shed, and does not project to hold up dropping into coverage.  Probable rookie free agent.	Carter has good size as a projected 4-3 outside linebacker.  Locates the football in a hurry.  Maintains outside contain and not fooled by misdirection.  Disciplined player.  Good tackler in the box.  Takes direct paths to the ball-carrier.  Flashes the ability to rush the passer off the edge.
								Does not have the size to stick at defensive end in the NFL.  As a linebacker prospect, lacks athleticism to play out in space or in zone coverage.  Likely to be a mismatch in man coverage.  Doesn't play with much power at the point of attack.  Takes too long to disengage from blockers.
							
2011	Delone Carter	2495269	RB	Syracuse	Carter's has some abilities that can't be coached but still has flaws in his game that need work before he can be considered a complete, everydown NFL running back.  Has tremendous lateral quickness and really explodes out of his cuts but does not have the deep speed to go all the way after breaking through the box.  Is very shifty in tight spaces but would benefit from relying on his powerful, low-to-the-ground build more often and do a more consistent job of getting his shoulders squared and running downhill.  Pass catching needs a lot of work but he's solid in pass protection.  Carter looks like a mid-round prospect.	Carter has a great, low center of gravity.  Short but very thick.  Possesses good burst, outstanding agility, and picks up speed out of his cuts.  Productive runner in-between the tackles.  Can make defenders miss in the hole or run through tackles.  Very impressive in pass protection.  Stout and holds his ground.
								He is quicker-than fast and does not possess homerun-type speed to hit the seam or burn down the sideline.  Vision still needs development.  Does not always make the proper read and will dance near the line at times.  Flashes impressive running power, but needs to use it more often.
							
2011	Shaun Chapas	2495270	RB	Georgia	Chapas is a gritty football player with a throwback mentality, but he does not have the bulk or athleticism to be a lead blocker in the NFL.  Although he flashes the ability to make difficult catches, he is a very raw receiver and will not be able to assume an H-back role at the next level.  However, he has a relentless motor and good pop at the point of attack.  He also can be effective in short yardage situations on his terrific effort alone.  Chapas will likely be a day 3 pick, as he has a great attitude and is a coach's dream.	Chapas is a very aggressive football player.  Explosive at the point of attack fights to sustain blocks.  Delivers a strong punch to knock linebackers on their heels.  Reads blockers in short yardage situations and is a strong runner that secures the ball and always fall forward.  Fierce competitor that always finishes the play.
								Does not have the lower body strength to consistently generate a good push in the running game.  Takes poor angles to the second level at times.  Vision is less than adequate and is not exactly a pile pusher.  Lacks experience as a pass catcher and will not make the first defender miss in the open field.
							
2011	Ugo Chinasa	2495271	DL	Oklahoma St.	Chinasa possesses ideal size and more than adequate speed, but he is a very limited football player.  He does not have the lower body strength to be stout against the run and his poor footwork and slow hands prevent him from providing a consistent pass rush.  He will not be able to make the transition to linebacker at the next level, as he is very tight in the hips and a liability playing in space.  Chinasa's frame alone will get some teams interested, but he looks to be a rookie free agent or a very late pick.	Chinasa has a great frame and a muscular build.  Possesses good straight line speed and a closing burst to get after the quarterback and make plays from the backside.  Disciplined player that keeps contain on running plays.  High motor kid that fights to the whistle and has a knack for batting down passes.
								A step slow off the ball and takes too many false steps which prevents him from being an edge rusher.  Has poor hand placement and technique and lacks pass rushing counter moves.  Plays too high and can be blown off the ball.  Not fluid enough to make plays in space or drop in coverage.
							
2011	Chris Conte	2495272	DB	California	Conte has enough size and speed coupled with the mentality you like to see.  Probably never becomes a starter, but could be an effective reserve safety and special teams cover guy.  Only started for one season in college so potentially has more development left in him than most other draft prospects.  Is currently a liability in coverage.  Doesn't have the experience or instincts in zone coverage to be counted on to erase a deep half or the lateral quickness and acceleration to hold up in man coverage.  Shows the ability to develop into a productive run supporter.  Conte could be a seventh-rounder or priority free agent.	Conte is a bigger safety prospect with good speed for his size.  Will line up over slots and disrupt their release.  Possesses a wide radius for breaking up passes.  Diagnoses the run quickly and comes up with some physicality.  Displays the ability to shed blocks.  Has some long range speed.
								Lacks experience.  Awareness in coverage is not adequate.  Doesn't anticipate breaks, bites on play action fakes, and will roam out of position in zone coverage.  Struggles to mirror in man coverage.  Will not comes down with the tough interception.  Doesn't possess explosive short-area burst in coverage or run support.  Will tackle high at times.
							
2011	Vance Cuff	2495273	DB	Georgia	Cuff will attract front offices with his outstanding blend of height and top-end speed but play-making skills, on-field intelligence, and toughness are not up to par with that of a starting NFL cornerback at this time.  Was very solid in coverage in college due to natural athleticism but savvy route-runners at the next level will likely be able to gain separation.  Masked lack of instincts with pure recovery ability.  NFL play callers will likely use the receiver screen game to force him to tackle.  Despite his current flaws, Cuff still has physical upside to develop in a starter, and could anywhere from the mid-to-late rounds.	Cuff has prototypical speed and athleticism for a corner.  Uses quick feet to shadow receivers underneath.  Can flip his hips and turn and run and recover vertically.  Erases separation with outstanding acceleration.  Makes up ground on the deep ball.  Can really rise up to defend the jump ball.
								Not a tough, physical player.  Does not appear willing to help out in run support and is not a below-average tackler.  Can be engulfed by bigger blockers.  Sub-average awareness in coverage is masked at the college level by his speed.  Does not possess good hands or the body control to come down with many pics.
							
2011	Joshua Davis	2495274	OL	Georgia	Davis has great length for the offensive tackle position, but he lacks the flexibility to consistently block defensive ends at the next level.  He is stiff in the hips and tends to lean forward when engaging which limits his ability to anchor and makes him susceptible to double moves.  He does not drive defenders off the ball in the running game, but he flashes the athleticism to make blocks in space in the second level.  He also has a strong upper body and delivers a powerful punch.  Davis plays with poor leverage, but has enough tools to be a late round pick.	Davis is tall with a great frame.  Heady player that maintains sound position and easily adjusts to stunts and blitzes.  Delivers a strong initial punch and can lock out his long arms to push edge rushers past the pocket.  Fluid in space, takes proper angles to the second level and can block linebackers.
								Does not have the lower body strength to generate a push in the running game and fails to sink his hips to remain stout against the bull rush.  Inconsistent kick step prevents him from always engaging quicker edge rushers.  Plays too high and with a narrow base.  Lacks a mean streak and does not always finish blocks.
							
2011	Mark Dell	2495275	WR	Michigan St.	Dell won't excite front offices with size, deep speed or big plays, but he's is a hard-worker who will fight to get open, make the routine plays and could stick as a reserve receiver.  Shows the ability to locate soft spots in zone coverage and some space over the middle.  Is a natural pass-catcher who can pluck and snatch the ball away from his body and bring in the reception while absorbing contact in traffic.  Could struggle at the next level if/when corners don't respect his ability to get behind coverage.  Dell will likely be a Day 3 selection.	Dell has enough size for an outside receiver.  He can work his way open against zone coverage.  Is a solid, consistent route-runner.  Has good, reliable hands - catches away from his frame.  Will make catches in a crowd over the middle.  Can break tackles after the catch.  Great practice player.
								Lacks the short-area burst to consistently gain separation on short-to-intermediate routes.  Doesn't possess the deep speed to eat up cushions or threaten a defense vertically.  Won't make many defenders miss in space.  Doesn't make the highlight-reel reception.  Would benefit from showing more desire when run blocking.
							
2011	Akeem Dent	2495276	LB	Georgia	Dent is an undersized, hard-nosed, productive linebacker but lacks the strength to hold up in the box or the pure speed and athleticism needed to start in the NFL.  Likely projects as a backup and special teams coverage guy.  Does not find the football quick enough when engaged, has a difficult time shedding, but also doesn't possess the range to provide much value out in space or dropping into coverage.  Can get sucked in by play-action and will chase underneath routes giving up deeper responsibilities.  Just adequate when pressuring the passer.  Despite his physical limitations, Dent's mentality will probably make him a late-round pick.	Dent possesses tremendous intangibles and leadership qualities.  Very productive in college.  Fills hard against the run and doesn't play as if he's undersized.  Displays pretty good range against the run.  Can sift through the trash and get off-tackle to make a play.  Sound tackler.  Flashes some coverage abilities.
								Struggles to get off blocks.  Can be swallowed up by more physical lineman.  Will lose gap integrity when attempting to slip paste blockers.  Doesn't have sideline-to-sideline range.  Late diagnosing on occasion.  Zone coverage awareness is only average.  Doesn't possess the hips to stick with quick route-runners in man coverage at the next level.
							
2011	Demarcus Dobbs	2495277	DL	Georgia	Dobbs lacks explosion and doesn't possess prototypical size so he'll likely top-out as a reserve.  Only profiles as a strongside 4-3 defensive end.  Doesn't have the size to take car of the two-gap run responsibilities as a 3-4 defensive end and doesn't have the penetrating quickness of a 3-technique or the athletic ability to stand up as a 3-4 outside linebacker.  However, Dobbs is a very hard-working player with good on-field awareness.  Doesn't appear to have much room for additional bulk and could use some to hold up better at the point of attack.   Dobbs' limitations make him a borderline seventh rounder.	Dobbs has good size.  Displays to ability to close on the quarterback.  Gets off the ball well and can jolt offensive linemen on initial contact.  Has enough speed to pursue from the backside.  Does a good job of diagnosing and finding the football.  Hard-working player.
								Doesn't possess great explosion off the ball when rushing the passer.  Lacks the natural athleticism to consistently beat lineman and get penetration.  Needs to become more consistent using his hands and getting off blocks.  Can miss tackles in the backfield and in space.  Pigeon-holed to one position.
							
2011	Ray Dominguez	2495278	OL	Arkansas	Dominguez was a tackle in college but looks like a potential future backup guard in the NFL.  Has some tools to work with, mainly his size.  Upside as a run blocker if a coaching staff can ignite a fire in him, get him to drive his legs and start blowing some people off the ball.  However, he does not have the athleticism to mirror quick pass rushers, locate and connect with targets at the second level, or get out and pull on the perimeter.  Would also benefit from better hand placement.  Dominguez likely will be available as a rookie free agent.	Dominguez had good bulk for the next level.  Flashes some redeemable qualities in pass protection including a relatively quick set.  Wall-off run blocker who gets off the ball and established good positioning.  Does a good job recognizing blitzes with his pre-snap reads.  Three years of starting experience against top competition.
								Does not possess the athleticism to stick with speed rushers in the NFL.  Vulnerable to the bull rush when playing too high.  Lacks balance.  Doesn't keep his legs driving after contact and doesn't get much movement.  Doesn't sustain blocks long enough.  Needs to finish and play with more nastiness.
							
2011	Ricky Elmore	2495279	DL	Arizona	Elmore has great intangible qualities and should provide some value with his pass rushing ability and hustle.  However, he does not possess enough strength in the running game or elite athleticism to be considered a future starter.  Can get off the ball, occasionally turn the corner, and close on the quarterback but won't set up his man, counter, or use the bull rush.  Has a motor that doesn't stop and will make some plays chasing ball carriers down the line but is a liability when run at and can be a tick late to find the football.  Elmore carries a late-round grade.	Elmore has adequate size and speed.  Possesses good get off.  Enough athleticism to get the edge at times.  Can close on the quarterback when beating his man.  Will chase down some running plays from the backside.  Has outstanding intangibles.  Great work-ethic.  Exhibits a good motor.
								Lacks elite explosion to consistently pose a threat as a speed rusher.  Does not show the ability to bull rush to the passer.  Needs to widen his array of moves.  Struggles to anchor at the point of attack and must watch his pad level.  Can be fooled by misdirection.  Needs to find the football faster.
							
2011	Reid Forrest	2495280	K	Washington St.	NA	NA	NA
2011	Mason Foster	2495281	LB	Washington	Foster projects as a future starting 3-4 inside linebacker or SAM 'backer in a 4-3.  Will immediately provide excellent depth and contribute on special teams.  Nice combination of size and speed.  Shows impressive awareness and instincts reading run, staying in position against misdirection, and in coverage.  Has good range against the run, is athletic enough to hold up in man coverage, and is a sure, reliable tackler.  However, doesn't have sideline-to-sideline ability, struggles at times shedding blocks, and doesn't bring much production as a pass rusher.  Foster is a low-risk prospect who could help out a team as a rookie and should be selected on Day 2.	Foster has terrific size with enough speed.  Has outstanding instincts.  Diagnoses quickly and flies to the football but also plays disciplined.  Moves well for a big 'backer and has good range.  Does a good job sifting through the trash.  Sound tackler.  Displays good awareness in zone coverage and can matchup in man.  Good motor.  Special teams experience.
								Needs to become more consistent taking on blockers.  Can be swallowed up in the box.  Adept at slipping blocks but goes this route too often and runs past plays.  Has enough range but not a sideline-to-sideline guy.  Will over pursue out of control at times.  Not much of a pass rushing threat.
							
2011	Sione Fua	2495282	DL	Stanford	Fua has the ability to contribute as a two-down wave player.  Does not project to provide enough value as a pass rusher and runs out of gas during long drive and late in games.  Will help out against the run, firing off the ball, staying low, establishing good position and holding up at the point of attack but isn't going to chase down many plays.  Pass rushing could improve with more active hands and the addition of some more moves. Fua's solid against the run and shows enough effort to get selected in the middle rounds.	Fua's a strong, stout defensive tackle.  Gets off the ball well and appears to do a good job of anticipating the snap count.  Plays low, can anchor at the point of attack, and get some push.  Plays with a mean streak.  Solid intangibles and character to our knowledge.
								Doesn't offer much as a pass rusher.  Doesn't possess enough quickness to shoot gaps, is not a dominant bull rusher, and doesn't use his hands well to get off blocks.  Also takes to long shed blocks against the run.  Won't chase down many plays on the perimeter.  Lacks stamina.
							
2011	Brandon Fusco	2495283	OL	Slippery Rock	Fusco has the toughness and size to make it in the league as a reserve guard or center but lacks the athleticisms necessary to become a starter.  Will face a big jump in competition level coming from Division II but was not intimidated at the Senior Bowl.  Can anchor in pass protection but needs to get set quicker and doesn't have the feet to move and slide laterally.  Will get some push off the ball when run blocking but has a tendency to play too high and is not productive out in space.  Fusco's build, motor, and attitude could make him a late-round pick.	Fusco has the size for the next level.  Can anchor against the bull rush.  Shows the ability to sustain and get movement while run blocking.  Can be an effective zone blocker despite lack of great agility and feet.  Displays good awareness in pass protection.  Relentless player with a great motor and a lot of toughness.
								Lacks the athleticism of a starting lineman.  Struggles to mirror and stay in front of defensive tackles with good agility.  Can be beat to the spot off the ball.  Needs to watch his pad level and stay low.  Is not comfortable blocking out in space or hitting moving targets.
							
2011	Edmond Gates	2495284	WR	Abilene Christian	Gates is a developmental prospect with big-play ability who has some makeup concerns but could become a valuable backup receiver and returner with time and more coaching.  However, he's currently very unrefined as a route-runner, lacks some bulk (but is tough), and needs to improve his overall football IQ.  At this time, can turn a short pass into an explosive play, but route-running deficiencies and his ability to track the deep ball limit his ability as a vertical threat.  Needs to get stronger to beat press coverage and become a better blocker.  Gates could sneak into the end of Day 2.	Gates has NFL deep speed coupled with average height.  Explodes off the line.  Excels at taking the short pass and turning it into a big play.  Is explosive and elusive in the open field.  Flashes the ability to pluck and snatch and make the tough catch.  Willing to go over the middle.
								Thin build.  Very raw and lacks football experience.  Route-running needs a lot of polish.  Susceptible to press coverage.  Will drop the catchable pass on occasion.  Lacks awareness against zone coverage.  Blocking needs work.  Was kicked off his junior college basketball team before enrolling at Abilene Christian and switching to football.  Set to be a 25-year-old rookie.
							
2011	Marcus Gilbert	2495285	OL	Florida	Gilbert has the height, length and athleticism NFL teams are looking for in an offensive tackle.  Could become a quality starter with some added power and attitude.  Does a really good job in pass protection getting set, engaging with his long arms, riding ends past the launch point, or mirroring inside moves with his feet.  Gets out of his stance quickly and can seal and wall off defenders when run blocking but isn't a mauler.  Not going to blow defenders off the ball and is susceptible to the bull rush.  Awareness is adequate but still improving.  Gilbert's a mid-round prospect with upside to start.	Gilbert has great size, length and mobility.  Displays a quick set, can mirror speed rushers, and can push them past the pocket with his long arms.  Comfortable moving laterally when run blocking.  Can get out on the edge and pull.  Has the athleticism to get to the second level.  Solid instincts.
								Can be pushed into the passer by the bull rush.  Doesn't get too much movement off the ball in the running game.  Fails to keep driving legs after initial contact.  Takes poor routes to targets in space and at the second level. Doesn't play with tenacity until the whistle.
							
2011	Adam Grant	2495286	OL	Arizona	Grant has the look of an NFL offensive tackle but lacks the athleticism, technique, and killer mentality to become a starter.  Could serve as a backup right tackle.  Natural bulk does not translate on the field.  Pushed back by the bull rush and gets stood up in the running game because of poor pad level.  Doesn't have the feet to stick with athletic pass rushers or provide value picking off linebackers at the second level.  Has worked hard off the field to come back from multiple injuries but doesn't show much of a mean streak on it.  Grant is a seventh-rounder or free agent.	Grant has the size needed for the next level.  Can push edge rushers past the pocket.  Flashes the ability to pin defenders inside for off tackle plays and toss sweeps.  Keeps driving legs after initial contact and gets movement off the ball at times.  
								Plays too high.  Vulnerable to the bull rush despite bulk.  Lacks the athleticism to match-up with speed rushers and lacks the agility against the inside move.  Frequently loses the low-man battle in the running game.  Struggles to sustain blocks.  Does not have the range to get to the second level or block in space.  Awareness is not adequate.  Needs to finish better.  Has an injury history.
							
2011	Alex Green	2495287	RB	Hawaii	Green does not project to be an every-down back at the next level, but he is a weapon in the passing game and could contribute on third down.  He has prototypical size, but he runs a bit upright and will not consistently break tackles in the NFL.  He also has a case of fumble-itis.  He excels in the passing game, as he shows the ability to consistently get open, catches the ball away from his body and turns upfield without any wasted motion.  Green will likely be a late round pick due to his ability as a receiver.	Green is a big back with quick feet.  Finds running lanes quickly and shows good explosion through the hole.  Possesses a bit of a wiggle to make defenders miss in the open field.  Shows great instincts as a receiver, runs precise routes and has terrific hands.  Fights to the whistle and finishes runs.
								Lacks the top end speed to break the long one.  Runs too high and gets tackled too easily at times.  Will not be able to push the pile in short yardage situations at the next level.  Does not keep the ball high and tight and fumbles far too frequently.  Struggles to block linebackers in pass protection.
							
2011	Virgil Green	2495288	TE	Nevada	Green's an undersized, athletic, pass-catching tight end / H-back with big-play potential who doesn't bring much to the table as a blocker.  Has good burst off the line and doesn't idle down in and out of his breaks but is susceptible to press coverage and doesn't exhibit great awareness against zone coverage.  Possesses outstanding ball skills. Did not make a load of explosive plays in college but has a high ceiling here due to his speed and hands.  Shows good effort as a blocker and could improve technique but lacks natural size and strength to excel in this area.  Green could sneak into Day 2.	Green has great speed for a tight end.  Explodes off the line and out of his breaks to gain separation.  Has excellent hands.  Plucks and snatches away from his frame and secures the football without losing speed.  Can get up the seam and make the over-the-shoulder grab.  Flashes potential as a second-level blocker.  Outstanding intangibles.
								Does not have adequate NFL tight end size and lacks growth potential.  Struggles as a blocker.  Lacks power at the point of attack and technique needs refinement.  Must improve ability to locate soft spots in zone coverage.  Still developing as a route runner.  Can be neutralized at the line by press coverage.  
							
2011	Daniel Hardy	2495289	TE	Idaho	Hardy is a college tight end who projects as an H-back at the next level.  He does not have the bulk to be an in-line blocker, but he has quick feet and reliable hands to exploit the middle of the field.  He excels working against zone coverage, as he quickly finds space and makes difficult catches in traffic.  He is not fast enough to separate against linebackers in man coverage and he will not be an effective blocker in the NFL.  Hardy is coming off an injury, but he has enough receiving skills to be a late-round pick. 	Hardy is long with adequate bulk.  Has a quick first step, effectively wades through traffic and finds soft spots in zone coverage.  Possesses a wide catching radius and flashes the ability to make acrobatic catches.  Fearless going over the middle on crossing routes.  Effective chipper in pass protection.
								Does not have the speed to stretch the field or the explosiveness to separate out of his breaks.  Runs imprecise routes, drops too many catchable balls and will not always secure the football.  Plays too high and lacks the bulk to be a road grader in the running game.  Inconsistent effort as a blocker in run support.
							
2011	Richard Henry	2495290	OL	Nebraska	Henry likely doesn't have the size and athleticism to warrant and NFL roster spot.  Could become a solid backup with some added strength to hold up against the bull rush and to get more push in the running game.  Can be beat off the ball in pass protection and when run blocking.  On the bright side, Henry's displays very good on-field awareness and understanding of team blocking concepts.  Rarely caught out of position in pass pro.  Also plays with a mean streak and is a competitor who won't be intimidated at the next level but Henry's likely a rookie free agent.	Henry plays with a lot of tenacity.  Can jolt defensive tackles with a strong initial punch.  Maintains a wide base.  If he gets underneath his opponent, can get good movement off the line.  Displays good awareness in pass protection.  Understands responsibilities and can locate blitzers.
								He's lacking some size, bulk, lower body strength and power.  Doesn't show a quick set.  Lacks the lateral-mobility to mirror quicker, penetrating defensive tackles.  Struggles to sustain when he stops moving his feet.  Can be a bit tardy seeing stunts and twists.
							
2011	Douglas Hogue	2495291	LB	Syracuse	Hogue is a very good athlete, but he is extremely raw and may never be able to contribute at the next level.  He has excellent speed to make plays all over the field and has the lateral agility to be effective in both man and zone coverage.  However, he struggles to locate the ball carrier and is frequently caught out of position.  He also gets engulfed by blockers too often and lacks the hand placement and technique to shed quickly.  Hogue is a work in progress, but he has a chance to be drafted if he runs really well.	Hogue has a large frame and a muscular build.  Possesses the speed to make plays from sideline-to-sideline.  Shows an effective back pedal and gets good depth when dropping into coverage.  Flashes a closing burst to make plays from the backside and get after the quarterback on blitzes.
								Does not have good instincts and too often makes the wrong read.  Plays too high and can get pushed around by blockers in run support.  Takes poor pursuit angles and struggles to disengage from blockers.  Does not consistently wrap up the ball carrier and misses too many tackles.
							
2011	Robert Housler	2495292	TE	Florida Atlantic	Housler is a weapon in the passing game, but he needs to add bulk and improve as a blocker to be an every down tight end.  He is quick off the ball and does not lose speed in transition which allows him to get open against man coverage.  He also has a large catching radius and uses his body to box out defenders and make grabs even when he is covered.  He does not have the power to generate a push in the running game and is not exactly the most willing blocker.  Housler is a skilled pass-catcher and could be a third-day pick.	Housler is long with good top end speed.  Explodes off the ball and can stretch the field down the seam.  Fluid athlete that can separate against linebackers in man coverage.  Possesses reliable hands and the body control to make difficult catches in traffic.  Fearless going across the middle.
								Needs to add bulk to play in-line at the next level.  Does not have the lower body strength or mentality to be an effective run blocker.    Not the smoothest route runner and he will not always find holes in zone coverage.  Lacks the lateral agility to make defenders miss in the open field after the catch.
							
2011	Kevin Hughes	2495293	OL	Southeastern Louisiana	Hughes is an offensive tackle from the FCS ranks who could move inside and find a home as a backup guard in the NFL.  Has the competitiveness, toughness, and mean streak to help deal with the steep increase in competition level he'll face.  In college, he held up against the bull rush and produced as a run blocker due to his strength but may struggle against bigger, more powerful players at the next level.  Does not have the athleticism for the edge but a move inside will help mask some of his deficiencies.  Hughes is a likely Day 3 selection.	Hughes does a good job in pass protection when he gets his hands on defenders.  Can thwart the bull rush.  Will turn his body and seal off as a run blocker.  Keeps his legs moving after contact.  Disciplined player.  Plays with a relentless motor and a lot of nastiness.  Always finishes.
								Does not possess NFL-average size.  Lacks the lateral quickness to remain at tackle and will likely struggle with quicker, penetrating defensive tackles at the next level.  Doesn't get a lot of push off the ball.  Leans and lunges.  Needs to watch his pad level.
							
2011	Maurice Hurt	2495294	OL	Florida	Hurt lacks the athleticism to be a starter at the next level, but he is a very strong player that could provide depth.  He is thickly built, gets set quickly and uses his heavy hands to jar defenders back on their heels.  He flashes the speed to get around the edge when pulling, but he is not athletic enough to consistently make plays in space.  He lacks the recognition skills to sniff out stunts and blitzes and he has a tendency to lunge in pass protection.  Hurt could be a quality reserve and will likely be a late round pick.  	Hurt is tall with a thick lower half.  Fires off low and delivers a strong initial punch.  Possesses a good power base and sinks his hips effectively to thwart the bull rush.  Generates a strong push in the running game and flashes the ability to pull around the edge.  
								Does not have the athleticism to consistently make blocks and sustain in space.  Lunges at times making him susceptible to double moves.  Can be fooled by stunts and will get caught out of position in pass protection.  Takes inconsistent angles to the second level.  Lacks a mean streak and will not always finish blocks.
							
2011	Joshua Jasper	2495295	K	LSU	NA	NA	NA
2011	Lestar Jean	2495296	WR	Florida Atlantic	Jean is a very raw receiver, but he has great size and speed to develop into a vertical threat at the next level.  He has excellent explosion to eat up cushions and can get over the top of coverage quickly.  He also tracks the deep ball very well and has the hands and leaping ability to secure the catch.  He is an extremely raw route runner that seems to idle down in transition and rarely finds soft spots in zone coverage.  Jean's effort is also inconsistent, but he is a big play threat and could be worth a late round pick.  	Jean is very tall with a muscular build.  Explodes off the ball and reaches top speed almost instantly.  Possesses a second gear to stretch the field and excels in jump ball situations.  Flashes the ability to use his long arms to fight off the press.
								Sloppy route runner that struggles to separate on underneath routes.  Not an easy hip bender that loses speed in transition and will not make people miss after the catch.  Drops too many catchable balls and hears footsteps at times.  Takes too many plays off and is not a willing blocker in run support.
							
2011	Jeron Johnson	2495297	SS	Boise St.	Johnson's could provide depth as reserve safety at the next level.  Does not have the size / speed measurables or great natural instincts to become a starter.  He can run with receivers in man coverage but is a liability in zone.  Will vacate deep zone for underneath routes and give up big plays.  Does not anticipate routes or make many plays on the ball.  Will help out in run support but is slow to get downhill and does not possess the ability to consistently shed blocks near the line.  Johnson's a potential late-round pick or free agent pickup.	Johnson holds up well in man coverage for a safety.  Can run with slots and has the athleticism to mirror and shadow routes.  Acts as a coach on the field and will line up his teammates.  Willing to help out in run support.  Possesses good intangibles.
								Has below average size and only adequate speed.  Does not exhibit good awareness in zone coverage and can give up the big play over the top.  Does not diagnose run quickly enough.  Has difficulty getting off blocks and isn't comfortable in the box.  Ball skills are not adequate.
							
2011	Jason Kelce	2495298	OL	Cincinnati	Kelce has the mobility and mentality to make it as a reserve center in the NFL.  However, does not have the size or power to project as a starter.  In pass protection, does a good job getting set, can slide and feet and move laterally but struggles with the pull rush and pass rushers with a wide array of moves.  Has the feet and quickness to project well in a zone blocking scheme but still needs to become more consistent locating his man on the second level.  Is never going to be a road-grading run blocker who blows defenders off the ball.  Late-rounder or rookie free agent.	Kelce has great mobility for an interior offensive lineman.  Can mirror and stick with quick pass-rushes.  Exhibits good instincts in pass protection.  Can pick up the blitz and knows when the help.  Has the potential to be a good zone blocker and productive on the second level or out in space.  Good motor.
								Does not possess adequate bulk or much growth potential.  Is susceptible to the bull rush in pass pro.  Doesn't get much movement when run blocking and struggles to sustain.  Must watch his pad level.  Can struggle to find his target at the second level.
							
2011	Daniel Kilgore	2495299	OL	Appalachian St.	Kilgore is a developmental guard prospect who still needs a lot of work with his technique but has upside.  Possesses the fierce mentality that coaches covet and flashes some impressive hand and lower-body power.  However, has a tendency to play too high, leans and lunges, and stops moving feet after contact.  Also lacks the athleticism to stick with polished interior pass rushers who bring some speed, power and counter moves to the table.  Recognition skills and overall awareness need to be coached up.  Kilgore's flaws appear to be correctable, and he could hear his named called on Day 3.	Kilgore can hold up against the bull rush.  Uses violent hands to jar pass rushers.  Wall-off run blocker who gets out of his stance quickly and gains initial position.  Gets movement off the ball at times.  Flashes explosive power at the second level.  Excellent competitor and plays with a fiery disposition.
								Lacks some size for the next level.  Vulnerable against pass rushers with a wide array of moves or elite quickness.  Really needs to watch his pad level and doesn't keep his legs driving after making initial contact.  Limited getting out and blocking in space.  Blitz awareness is below average.
							
2011	Karl Klug	2495300	DL	Iowa	Klug was a defensive tackle in college but is a 'tweener at the next level whose likely destination is as a strong-side end in a 4-3 or 3-4 five-technique.  Has impressive quickness off the ball, incredibly active and fast hands, and outstanding competitiveness.  Uses his get off to beat offensive lineman to their spot.  Hands are always moving to get off blocks and pursue the ball-carrier or get in position to bat down passes.  However, he lacks the explosiveness to consistently apply pressure and is not a dominant anchor.  Klug may need to wait until Day 3, but he'll be drafted.	Klug has an interesting combination of size and speed.  Displays great get off to penetrate or gain initial position.  Uses his hands really well to get off blocks.  Can chase down plays outside the hashes.  Does a good job getting his hands up in passing lanes.  A real junkyard dog who never quits.
								Does not possess the size or power to be an adequate anchor on the inside at the next level.  Can not adequately take on the double team.  Limited as a pass rusher.  Lacks the pure strength to consistently bull rush.  Lacks the burst to close after getting off blocks.
							
2011	Richard Lapham	2495301	OL	Boston College	Lapham brings outstanding size, a lot of nastiness, and good awareness to the table but lacks the overall mobility necessary to start in the NFL.  Could potentially become a backup right tackle.  Uses his size and length in pass protection but struggles with speed rushers to the outside, quickness to the inside, and the bull rush underneath his pads.  Has powerful hands and can wall-off smaller defenders but naturally plays high, struggles to sustain, and does not exhibit adequate body control in the box or in space.  Can be counted upon to know his assignments and play until the whistle.  Lapham's a potential seventh rounder.	Lapham possesses excellent height coupled with adequate bulk for the NFL.  Flashes the ability to use his length to push defensive ends past the launch point.  Can jar defenders at the snap.  Swallows up smaller linemen in the running game.  Very good football IQ.  Plays with a mean streak.
								Lacks the athleticism, agility and flexibility required at the next level to hold up in pass protection.  Gets beat to the corner and struggles to recover against the inside move.  Defenders routinely get under his pads.  Not comfortable blocking out in space.  Has an injury history.
							
2011	Joe Lefeged	2495302	DB	Rutgers	Lefeged is an in-the-box safety that does not tackle well enough to assume this role at the next level.  He gets good depth when dropping into coverage, but lacks the speed to be a center fielder.  He also struggles to locate the ball carrier in run support and does not show the ability to shed and wade through traffic.  He is aggressive at the point of attack, but he is not a strong tackler and is run through far too often.  Lefeged is a tough football player that could contribute on special teams in the NFL and might be a rookie free agent.	Lefeged has a compact muscular build.  Maintains sound position and does not bite on play action.  Flashes the ability to stick with tight ends in man coverage.  Tracks the ball well in the air and has reliable hands to make interceptions.  Has a knack for forcing fumbles.
								Does not have the speed to cover the deep middle.  Tight hips prevent him from covering running backs in man coverage.  Lacks the ball skills and closing burst to be a true ball hawk.  Late reading the run and struggles to shed blockers.  Takes poor angles in run support and does not deliver big shots when tackling.
							
2011	Orie Lemon	2495303	LB	Oklahoma St.	Lemon is a compact run stuffer, but he lacks the agility and instincts to be an every down player at the next level.  He is a powerful 'backer that takes on blocks, sheds quickly, and has the speed to hunt down ball carriers in the backfield.  He lacks the hip fluidity to maintain speed in transition and struggles to make tackles in space and is a liability in coverage.  He will not always locate the football and is caught out of position too frequently.  He seems to be a fit as a two-down run specialist and he will probably get picked on Day 3.	Lemon has a thick muscular build.  Possesses a good closing burst, fills hard and is powerful at the point of attack.  Leads with his shoulder, uses his hands to effectively shed blocks and delivers violent shots when tackling.  Fierce competitor that fights to the whistle every play.
								Late reading his keys at times and bites on play action too often.  Inconsistent footwork limits his range in run support.  Does not have the lateral agility to stick with tight ends in man coverage and lacks range in zone coverage.  Struggles to follow the ball in the air and has poor hands.  Will not always finish tackles.    
							
2011	Lazarius Levingston	2495304	DL	LSU	Levingston has some redeeming qualities but does not have the athleticism or strength to become an NFL starter.  Potential backup 4-3 strong side end or 5-technique in a 3-4.  Provides some value as a straight-line bull rusher and anchoring against the run.  Does not have the speed and range to consistently get to the quarterback or pursue hard from the backside.  Not strong enough to consistently take on the double team or dominate at the point of attack in one-on-one situations.  Not a guy you want playing out in space or in coverage.  Levington's likely a rookie free agent prospect.	Levingston has good size for a defensive end prospect.  Flashes the ability to push the pocket some with the bull rush.  Against the run, comes off the ball pretty well with some power and maintains sound positioning.  Can make a play out on the perimeter.  Plays with pretty good intensity.
								Doesn't possess the burst to get the edge and close on the quarterback.  Can be blown off the ball by the double team.  Struggles to get off blocks.  Hands are not active enough while trying to disengage against the run and while pass rushing.  Not comfortable dropping into coverage.  Awareness is not up to par.
							
2011	Derrick Locke	2495305	RB	Kentucky	Locke projects as a change-of-pace / third down back who should also bring value on special teams.  Does not have the build or power to hold up as a full-time starter but has great quickness, agility, athleticism, awareness and hands.  Finds the hole and doesn't leave yards on the field.  Decisive and quick to get upfield after picking his spot.  A valuable pass-catcher who plucks away from his body, can adjust to a bad throw, and pick up yards after the catch.  Technically sound and feisty in pass protection but may struggle against the power rush.  Locke carries a mid-round grade.	Locke possesses excellent acceleration and feet.  Gets to the hole quickly and can make defenders miss in the box.  Has the patience to allow plays to develop and the vision to find holes on the backside.  Is built low to the ground and has good balance.  Catches away from his frame and is dangerous in the open field.  Competitive.
								Lacks the size and power of an every down NFL running back.  Goes down on first contact too often.  Doesn't project as an effective goal line or short yardage runner.  Despite great short-area burst, doesn't possess true home run speed.  Takes pride in pass pro but lack of size can be a problem.
							
2011	Ricardo Lockette	2495306	WR	Fort Valley St.	Lockette is a long way from contributing in the passing game at the next level, but he is a fierce competitor that could contribute on special teams.  He has great size, reliable hands and a knack for getting open on underneath routes in zone coverage.  Although he has good deep speed, he is a builder who lacks explosion off the line of scrimmage limiting his ability to separate in man.  He also runs sloppy routes and does not show good balance out of his breaks.  Lockette has a great attitude and potential which makes him a late round option. 	Lockette is big with long arms.  Finds soft spots in zone coverage and possesses strong hands and the body control to make grabs away from his frame.  Good leaper that high points the ball well.  Flashes a bit of a wiggle in the open field and is a strong runner after the catch.
								Does not show explosion off the line or out of his breaks.  Will not consistently stretch the field at the next level.  Extremely raw route runner that is too high in transition and lacks the ability to set up defenders with head fakes.  Will not always find the ball in the air.
							
2011	Scott Lutrus	2495307	LB	Connecticut	Lutrus range and mentality for the strong side outside linebacker position in the NFL.  Could turn into a starter down the line if he can become a more productive player on third down, both in coverage and rushing the passer, and avoid the injury bud.  Displays good awareness and flashes the ability to make plays from side-to-sideline against the run.  Doesn't shed blocks quick enough, but can hold his ground and set the edge.  Shows good effort rushing the passer but needs to add some moves and use his hands more.  Still developing in coverage and appears to be able to make improvements in that area.  Mid-round prospect.	Lutrus does a good job of finding the football.  Displays good range against the run but also pursues under control preventing the cutback.  Can line up over the tight end, stack, and maintain outside contain.  Athletic enough to drop into zone coverage and hold up in man against most tight ends.
								Struggles to disengage from blockers.  Can get caught up in trash at times.  Not a striking tackler.  Doesn't have a variety of moves or action hands to get to the quarterback.  Not fluid enough to mirror playmaking running backs or tight ends in man.  Has an injury history.
							
2011	Casey Matthews	2495309	LB	Oregon	Matthews is the latest in a family of guys who play the game the right way.  While he lacks some size and speed, he is a smart, relentless, highly-productive player who will provide solid depth and special teams value while developing into a starter.  Overcomes lacks of power by reading and reacting quicker than most linebackers.  Does a great job of slipping blocks inside the box and is a sure tackler but does not have true sideline-to-sideline range and may struggle when caught in a phone booth.  Better suited for zone coverage with his great awareness than man.  Matthews could sneak into Day 2.	Matthews possesses very impressive instincts.  Diagnoses and finds the football quickly.  Not fooled by misdirection or play fakes.  Works tirelessly to shed blockers and isn't afraid of contact.  Excels at shifting through the trash in the box and has good range.  Sound tackler.  Displays good awareness in coverage.  Intelligent blitzer.  Outstanding work ethic.
								Lacks size and strength for the NFL.  May have a more difficult time taking on bigger blockers at the next level.  Has good range but not a true sideline-to-sideline guy.  Not a good matchup against speedy running backs and tight ends in man coverage.  Doesn't bring top explosiveness or power as a pass rusher.
							
2011	Byron Maxwell	2495310	DB	Clemson	Maxwell is a college corner that will likely need to make the move to safety at the next level.  He has very good straight-line speed, but he is tight in the hips and will not be able to mirror shiftier receivers one-on-one.  He is very aggressive and excels in press coverage, but he struggles to turn and run in man coverage.  He is very capable against the running game, as he fills hard, delivers good shots and wraps effectively.  Maxwell is a tough kid that could contribute on special teams, and has a chance to be a late round draft pick.	Maxwell is a big corner that can run.  Delivers a strong press at the line to reroute receivers and has the burst to close when the ball is in the air.  Shows good instincts in zone coverage and has the ball skills to make interceptions.  Aggressive in run support, sheds effectively and is a solid tackler.
								Lacks the hip fluidity to maintain his speed in transition and will not be able to stick in man coverage.  Does not have the instincts to anticipate routes and overcome his lack of agility in man.  Takes poor angles at times in run support and struggles to break down ball carriers in the open field.
							
2011	Terrell Mcclain	2495311	DL	South Florida	McClain is a very disruptive run defender that should be able to contribute immediately in a defensive line rotation.  He gets off the ball quickly and has the foot speed to penetrate gaps on stunts.  He also has fast strong hands to engage and disengage in an instant to get in running lanes and after the quarterback.  He is not an experienced pass rusher at this point, but he has the potential to improve due to his quick feet and hands.  McClain brings it on every down and he should not last past the second round.  	McClain is tall enough with very good bulk.  Possesses a quick first step and the lateral agility to stunt and slant effectively.  Uses quick active hands to shed and gain penetration.  Has the range to make plays outside the tackle box.  Tough kid with a relentless motor that fights through double teams.  
								Does not have the lower body strength to be a two-gap defender and consistently anchor against the run.  Not an experienced pass rusher that lacks a powerful bull rush and a repertoire of counter moves.  Loses leverage and balance too often.  Takes poor pursuit angles at times.  
							
2011	Greg McElroy	2495312	QB	Alabama	McElroy could quickly emerge as a quality backup NFL quarterback but does not possess the physical attributes of a starter.  Fully grasps the mental side of the game and has succeeded in multiple pressure-packed situations but simply does not have the arm strength to force and NFL defense to defend the entire field.  Comfortable making NFL-type reads, accurate when hitting short to intermediate targets, and capable of moving around in the pocket.  However, we don't expect him to be able to hit the deep out or zip the ball into tight coverage at the next level, so McElroy carries a late Day 3 grade.	McElroy has rare intangibles.  Team-first player who works tirelessly at practice and in the film room to master an offense.  Can scan the field and run through his progressions.  Will throw receivers open.  Shows good accuracy in the short to intermediate passing game. Quick release.  Good pocket mobility and drop discipline.
								Does not possess the physical measurables of an NFL starting quarterback.  Sub-average size coupled with less-than-adequate arm strength.  Will not be able to fit the ball into tight spots down the field at the next level.  Deep ball floats on him.  Below average speed and not a threat to pick up yards with his legs.
							
2011	Andrew McGee	2495313	DB	Oklahoma St.	McGee is a good sized cornerback with enough skills to develop into a quality nickel or dime corner at the next level.  He has enough lateral agility and quickness to stick in man coverage on underneath routes and is very effective in zone.  He also flashes the body control and hands to make interceptions and has a little bit of a wiggle to make people miss in the open field.  He does not have the second gear to mirror faster receivers on vertical routes, but he could be an asset in sub packages and will likely be a third day pick.	McGee is tall with a muscular build.  Excels in zone coverage and is always in sound position.  Has quick feet and the hip fluidity to mirror in man coverage.  Possesses reliable hands and the leaping skills to make interceptions on jump balls.  Very capable and willing tackler.
								Does not have the deep speed to stick on go routes at the next level.  Late recognizing routes and does not immediately find the ball in the air.  Shows sloppy footwork at the top of his back pedal.  Takes poor angles in run support at times and does not make many tackles in space.
							
2011	Bruce Miller	2495314	DL	Central Florida	Miller has the size, athleticism and football intelligence to provide immediate depth as a backup 3-4 outside linebacker and is a hard worker who could become a starter in time.  Refined pass rusher who can arrive at the quarterback with quickness on the edge, speed to power moves, or slip inside but just lacks a striking closing burst.  While he can get eaten up at times when run at, uses hands well, fights hard to disengage, can penetrate, and makes plays from the backside with relentless effort in pursuit.  Miller is a mid-round prospect whose  intangibles lessen the risk of his projected conversion to OLB.	 Miller has a nice blend of size and speed as a projected 3-4 outside linebacker.  Shows good get off and has the flexibility to take a direct route to the passer.  Uses hands well to counter inside.  Can penetrate with first-step quickness.  Will get through trash and makes plays in pursuit.  Great instincts and intangibles.
								Lacks the size to stick at defensive end.  For a pass rusher, doesn't possess elite explosiveness.  Bigger blockers can swallow him up at the point.  May take time to develop recognition skills is asked to play from two-point stance but the work-ethic and intelligence to do so.  Ability in space is just adequate.
							
2011	Denarius Moore	2495315	WR	Tennessee	Moore has the height, hands, and mentality to develop into a quality backup possession-type receiver in the NFL.  However, at this time still needs to put on some more weight and would really benefit from gaining a step of initial quickness.  Takes too long to reach top speed and will struggle to gain separation on underneath patterns.  Is tough and productive making catches over the middle.  Has the length, ball skills and top-end speed to potentially make some plays vertically.  Flashes the ability to be a good run blocker and needs to be a little more nasty.  Moore's carries a Day 3 grade.	Moore has good height and some deep speed.  Has become a better route-runner.  Sets up defensive backs with moves to gain separation.  Has excellent hands and ball skills.  Plucks and snatches the ball away from, and outside of, his frame with big hands.  Can absorb a hit and hold onto the ball in traffic.
								Needs to add bulk but has the frame to do so.  Does not possess adequate explosion and quickness.  Is a speed builder.  May take too long to get vertical at the next level.  Doesn't have the fluidity to run sharp routes.  Not going to shake many tackles in space.
							
2011	Joe Morgan	2495316	WR	Walsh	Morgan is a developmental, big-play receiver prospect with a potentially high ceiling due to good height and outstanding top-end speed, but he does not exhibit the hands, football IQ, or tenacity needed in the NFL.  Dual-sport track athlete can explode off the line, is a smooth route-runner, and can get behind a defense but does not always track the deep ball or win as many jump ball battles as you'd like.  Gains separation with speed but does not show great awareness against zone coverage.  Makes the occasional tough catch but also drops accurate throws.  Lack of effort run blocking and mental lapses could signal character issues.  Late round prospect.	Morgan's a good combination of length and track speed.  Shows good burst off the line and fluid hips in and out of his breaks.  Gradually separates on longer-developing routes.  Can make the difficult grab outside his frame at times.  Has the deep speed to threaten a defense vertically.
								Thin build.  Needs to improve his ability to settle down into soft spots in zone coverage.  Hands are below-average.  Body catches and drops easy receptions.  Has potential in jump ball situations but doesn't always high-point the football.  Does not appear to take much pride in run blocking or maintain intensity on every play.
							
2011	Adrian Moten	2495317	LB	Maryland	Moten's a potential reserve outside linebacker and special teams contributor.  However, lacks the range and athleticism to play on the weakside and lacks the power the hold up on the strongside as a starter.  Can be productive at the line on the strong side setting the edge and holding up at the point of attack but is a liability against powerful run blockers.  Tackles well in tight spaces but can be caught off balance on the perimeter.   Not well equipped to drop into coverage in the NFL and isn't a feared pass rusher.  Moten could sneak into the late rounds because of his character and effort.	Moten's a sound player who maintains his position and is accountable for responsibilities within your defensive system.  Does a good job holding outside contain when lined up over tight ends.  Flashes the ability to makes plays in pursuit.  Tackles well in the box.  Tough player and a team captain.
								Does not possess difference-making size or athleticism.  Needs to be quicker while shedding blocks.  Struggles in a phone booth when asked to take on offensive linemen and anchor.  Inconsistent tackler out in space.  Liability in zone coverage due to lack of speed and quickness.  Limited pass-rushing arsenal.
							
2011	O.J. Murdock	2495318	WR	Fort Hays St.	Murdock is a speedy, raw receiver prospect who could develop into a reserve at the next level but will also need to provide special teams value to hold a roster spot.  Possesses below average size but has a feisty playing style.  Shows good top-end speed and can occasionally get deep but isn't a consistent vertical threat due to lack of size and below average ball skills.  Some upside as a route-runner due to his quick feet but can be neutralized by press coverage and needs to get sharper with his breaks.  Character could be an issue.  Murdock's a borderline seventh rounder.    	Murdock has good speed.  Does a good job setting up defensive backs in his stem and plants quickly on stop routes.  Can locate and sit in holes in zone coverage.  Has the quickness to make the first defender miss after the catch.  Plays tough despite lack of size.
								Not overly fluid moving laterally and rounds off routes.  Susceptible to press coverage.  Can get lost in the crowd crossing through zone coverage over the middle.  Drops catchable balls and will body-catch at times.  Not a dangerous vertical threat.  Doesn't show consistent effort as a run blocker or on every play.  Has character flags.
							
2011	Chris Neild	2495319	NT	West Virginia	Neild is a run-stopping defensive tackle who could contribute in a defensive line rotation at the next level.  He is stout with a strong lower half and is very difficult to move out of running lanes.  He also has very active hands to keep blockers from getting inside and flashes the lateral range to make plays outside of the tackle box.  However, he lacks explosion off the line and is very raw as a pass rusher.  Neild possesses natural leverage and is an asset against the run and he will likely be a middle round pick.	Neild is tall enough with a thick lower half.  Plays with good leverage and clogs up running lanes.  Delivers a powerful initial punch and possesses very heavy active hands to shed blocks.  Flashes a powerful bull rush.  High effort kid that fights to the whistle and finishes plays.
								Not the quickest kid off the ball and poor foot speed prevents him from making plays in the backfield.  Will not be able to play nose tackle in a 3-4 scheme.  Lacks a repertoire of pass rushing counter moves and does not have a closing burst to get after the quarterback.  Will not make tackles in space.
							
2011	Derek Newton	2495320	OL	Arkansas State	Newton has enough strength, size potential and toughness to potentially find a home as a backup right tackle or guard at the next level.  However, he does have the feet or athleticism to become a starter or remain at left tackle.  Already shows good leg drive and some natural power in the running game and could become even more productive if he can play lower and put on some more weight.  While he has good straight-lined speed, does not possess the lateral agility or body control to hold up on the edge in pass protection.  Newton is a potential Day 3 selection.	Newton has a nice frame and some growth potential.  Uses his length to keep pass rushers away from his body.  Can swallow up smaller defensive linemen.  Keeps legs driving after contact in the running game.  Displays good on-field awareness and the ability to combo block.  Tough player.
								Needs to add some size for the next level.  Does not possess enough lateral mobility or quickness to deal with NFL speed rushers.  Technique, hand placement, and pad level need improvement.  Lacks balance and footwork in space.  Had knee surgery following the 2010 season.
							
2011	Schuylar Oordt	2495321	TE	Northern Iowa	Oordt could find a home as a reserve used in an H-Back or flexed out role but is unlikely to ever develop into a starting, inline tight end.  Brings some upside as a potential as a big-play threat due to his size, athleticism, speed and ability tracking the football.  Can run away from man coverage but is still developing as a route-runner and won't make a lot of catches on poorly thrown passes.  Not an adequate blocker in the running game or in pass protection.  Lacks strength and technique.  Oordt's a developmental prospect with great character who should go on Day 3.	Oordt has an NFL combination of size and speed.  Capable of locating soft spots in zone coverage.  Can shake linebackers in man coverage.  Proficient in his stem.  Can haul in the over-the-shoulder grab.  Flashes vertical potential.  Willing to work the middle and not afraid of contact.  Exhibits rare character through off-the-field endeavors.
								Not an effective inline blocker.  Lacks the power and technique to get movement or sustain his blocks.  Very raw in pass protection.  Idles down a bit in and out of his breaks.  Body catches at times and doesn't make many tough receptions.  Won't shake tackles in the open field.
							
2011	Cheta Ozougwu	2495322	DL	Rice	Ozougwu was a defensive end in college but will likely make the move to 3-4 outside linebacker in the NFL.  However, he does not project to develop into a starter.  Flashes some good run-stopping qualities - strong base, some power as an anchor, works hard to get off blocks, and can make some plays in pursuit.  May struggle against better run blocking tackles, doesn't have the explosion or technical refinement to offer up much as a pass rusher, and isn't expected to be comfortable dropping into coverage..  Ozougwu has the character and upside to be a late-round pick.	Ozougwu has good bulk for a 3-4 outside linebacker.  Fires off the ball quick and low.  Effectively utilizes the bull rush at times.  Capable of holding up at the point of attack and setting the edge.  Shows some power on contact with blockers.  Good tackler.  Hard-worked with good intangibles.
								Lacks the size to remain at defensive end and not overly athletic for a linebacker.  Lacks the closing burst and variety of moves to consistently pressure the quarterback.  Can be swallowed up by bigger lineman.  Awareness and recognition skills need improvement.  Lacks experience dropping into coverage and doesn't have the flexibility to project favorable there.
							
2011	Martin Parker	2495323	DL	Richmond	Parker was a star at the FCS level and he has the athleticism to contribute in a defensive line rotation at the next level.  He is very light on his feet and has the lateral range to make tackles down the line of scrimmage.  He also uses his hands very well to keep blockers at a distance and can quickly shed once he locates the ball.  He plays too high and lacks the lower body strength to consistently be a road block in the running game and is not a natural pass rusher.  Parker will likely get selected in the middle rounds.	Parker has great size and deceptive speed.  Well balanced player with a quick first step and the range to make plays outside of the tackle box.  Locates the ball quickly and possesses active hands to shed and has the closing burst to get after the quarterback.
								Plays too high at times and can get blown off the ball.  Does not have the lower body strength to anchor against double teams.  Struggles with snap anticipation limiting his ability to get into solid initial position.  Gets gassed too easily and effort is inconsistent at the end of games.
							
2011	Johnny Patrick	2495324	DB	Louisville	Patrick is a productive collegiate cornerback that has a chance to develop into a starter at the next level.  He excels in zone coverage, as he is always in solid position and flashes the ability to jump underneath routes.  He also has the ball skills to make difficult interceptions.  He uses a strong press to reroute receivers and has a knack for anticipating routes in zone coverage.  However, he loses momentum in transition and does not have the deep speed to stick on vertical routes.  Patrick is not a strong tackler, but he has the cover skills to possibly sneak into the second day of the draft.	Patrick has good size and a muscular build.  Plays with balance and shows a smooth back pedal.  Delivers an effective press at the line and can turn and run with receivers.  Reads the QB's eyes in zone coverage, gets into passing lanes, and has the body control and soft hands to make picks.
								Does not have elite recovery speed and lacks the hip fluidity to mirror in man coverage.  Plays too aggressively at times and gets burned by play action and double moves.  Can get overwhelmed by bigger receivers in jump ball situations.  Gets down on himself and play suffers after mistakes.  Inconsistent tackler.
							
2011	Michael Person	2495325	OL	Montana St.	Person is prospect from the FCS ranks with the intangibles, work-ethic and football smarts to become a backup offensive lineman.  However, lacks the foot quickness and body control necessary to start or protect the blind side.  While he did not allow a sack during his senior year and shows the ability to thwart the bull rush, should have problems dealing with speed rushers.  Doesn't play with great pad level or blow defenders off the ball but does a good job getting into position as a run blocker.    Consistently recognized for his leadership and effort in college.  Person could hear his named called late on Day 3.	Person has the mentality you look.  Capable of anchoring and holding up against the bull rush.  Gets off the ball, establishes good initial position, and locks on when run blocking.  Takes direct routes to targets at the second level.  Has good football IQ and a lot of starting experience.
								Lacks bulk for the NFL.  Does not possess the athleticism to stick with edge rushers.  Hat and hand placement need to improve.  Leans and lunges on occasion.  Doesn't get much movement off the ball when run blocking.  Must adjust to a steep incline in competition level from the FCS level.
							
2011	Kealoha Pilares	2495326	WR	Hawaii	Pilares tore his PCL in the Hawaii Bowl and must first demonstrate that he is healthy.  If he recovers from his injury, he can be an effective slot receiver.  He has great foot speed and regularly separates from linebackers and defensive backs on crossing and drag routes.  He also finds soft spots in zone coverage and is very difficult to tackle in the open field after the catch.  He lacks the speed to stretch the field, but this converted running back is shifty enough to move the chains.  Pilares will be a late round pick if his rehabilitation is successful.	Pilares is thickly built and strong.  Possesses quick feet and reaches top speed almost instantly.  Runs precise routes and has a knack for getting open on underneath routes.  Elusive in the open field after the catch and can run over defensive backs.  Tough kid that is fearless going across the middle.
								Short receiver with limited speed that is not a vertical threat.  Struggles at times to maintain momentum in transition on double moves.  Has a small catching radius and does not always secure the ball after the catch.  Converted running back that is still learning the nuances of the position.  Needs to overcome a torn PCL suffered in December.
							
2011	Joshua Portis	2495327	QB	California (PA)	Portis flashes the physical tools of a developmental NFL quarterback prospect but is raw, will face a jump in competition level, and has character flags.  As a passer, has adequate arm strength but will likely struggle to zip balls into tight windows at the next level.  Stands in the pocket allowing receivers time to break open but does not possess the accuracy to consistently hit his targets and doesn't make enough correct reads.  Can be productive when the play breaks down, buying time or picking up yardage with his legs.  Portis will likely be available as a rookie free agent.	Portis possesses a nice combination of NFL size and impressive speed for a quarterback.  Stands tall in the pocket.  Has enough arm strength to make all the necessary throws at the next level.  Displays a high, over-the-top release.  Capable of climbing the pocket.  Can pick up chunks of yards with his legs.
								Must improve his ability to read defensive coverages and run through his progressions.  Needs to do a better job of settling for checkdowns.  Overall accuracy and footwork are not adequate.  Likely unable to fit the ball into tight spots in the NFL.  Multiple off-field issues (legal, two transfers) which must be investigated.
							
2011	Bilal Powell	2495328	RB	Louisville	Powell had a breakout season in 2010, and he has vision to excel in a zone blocking scheme at the next level.  He possesses a knack for finding a seam and can accelerate on a dime to find daylight.  He is very elusive in the open field, as he can idle down and then explode past a defender.  He does not have the strength to run over people in the NFL, but he keeps his legs churning and usually falls forward after contact.  Powell is a very good one-cut and go back and could be a middle round pick.	Powell is thickly built with a low center of gravity.  Finds running lanes quickly, waits to set up his blocks, and can plant and explode through holes.  Very elusive in the open field and flashes the ability to get big chunks of yards after the catch.  Aggressive and a very capable blocker in pass protection.
								Does not have the speed to consistently get around the edge and will not separate in the second level.  Not the strongest runner and will not be able to push the pile in short yardage situations or tally yards after contact.  Limited experience as a receiver out of the backfield.
							
2011	William Rackley	2495329	OL	Lehigh	Rackley's a small-school tackle who projects well as a guard in the NFL.  He's above-average in pass protection and as a run blocker and has the mentality necessary to become a starter.  Does a good job against power pass rushers but may have some difficulty against defensive linemen with great agility.  Fires off the ball, wins the position battle, and is very capable moving to the second level but does not possess the leg drive to move defenders off the ball.  Shows average awareness but will may need some time to adjust to the complexity of the NFL.  Rackley's a Day 2 prospect.	Rackley has a nice combination of size and mobility.  Displays a quick set.  Can hold up against the bull rush.  Gets off the ball, stays low, and establishes good initial position.  Can jolt defenders on contact.  Is comfortable and productive blocking in space and at the second level.
								May struggle to slide his feet and mirror quicker interior pass rushers at the next level.  Not a true road grader.  Doesn't get a ton of movement off the ball.  Overall awareness is still developing.  Lacks experience dealing with NFL-style blitzes.  Will face steep increase in competition level.
							
2011	D'Aundre Reed	2495330	DL	Arizona	Reed brings a lot of versatility to the table but lacks the athleticism to become a starter..  Could turn into a back up run-stopping defensive end or 3-4 outside linebacker for a team that stresses gap-integrity.  Does a good job against the run, coming off the ball, keeping blockers off his body, and maintaining outside contain but struggles against bigger tackles, with misdirection, and won't make a ton of plays from the backside or in space.  Currently does not offer much as a pass rusher but could develop into an adequate power rusher with some more moves and technical refinement.  Reed's a late-round prospect.	Reed can bull rush to the passer and uses his hands to get off blocks.  Displays good get off.  Holds up pretty well as a two-gap run defender.  Can stack and keep blockers off his body and set the edge.  Has experience sliding inside.  Exhibits a good motor.
								Not a consistent threat as a pass rusher.  Doesn't explode off the ball.  Lacks the expansive package of counter moves to get unblocked.  Can be blown off the ball in the running game when matched up against road graders.  Awareness is only adequate.  Not overly comfortable tackling in space.
							
2011	Aldrick Robinson	2495331	WR	SMU	Robinson is an undersized receiver that could develop into a quality slot receiver at the next level.  He fights off the press effectively for a smaller wide receiver and has the suddenness to gain separation in both man and zone coverage.  He is a smooth athlete with tremendous focus that always catches the ball in stride, but he is not overly elusive in the open field.  He does not have speed to get behind coverage, but he is fearless going across the middle.  Robinson has great quickness and hands and may be a steal in the later rounds.  	Robinson has a compact muscular build.  Possesses a quick first step and eats up cushion quickly.  Fluid athlete that maintains speed in transition and separates in man coverage.  Very coordinated kid that has great hands and body control to make acrobatic catches.  Fearless working the middle of the field.  
								Does not have the speed to stretch the field at the next level.  Undersized player that will get out muscled by bigger defensive backs in jump ball situations.  Lacks precision at times in his routes.  Played in a spread and will have to adjust to a pro style system.
							
2011	Justin Rogers	2495332	DB	Richmond	Rogers is an undersized cornerback at the FCS level, but he is a smart football player that could contribute in sub-packages.  He lacks the size and explosion to stick in man coverage at the next level, but he has very good field awareness in zone coverage.  He flashes the ability to jump underneath routes and has the ball skills to make plays.  He is aggressive in run support, but struggles to disengage from blockers and does not deliver big shots when tackling.  Rogers will likely sneak into the later rounds because he is an asset in zone coverage.	Rogers possesses very good instincts to anticipate routes and is always in sound position.  Well balanced athlete that changes direction with ease and has smooth body control.  Flows to the ball in zone coverage and has the hands and leaping ability to come down with interceptions.  Willing tackler in run support.
								Does not have the deep speed to recover once he gets beat.  Lacks an explosive first step to always stick coming out of his breaks.  Will get boxed out by bigger receivers on jump balls.  Not big or strong enough to take on blockers and will whiff on tackles in the open field.
							
2011	Jacob Rogers	2495333	K	Cincinnati	Rogers could become a starting NFL kicker.  He has good leg strength, flashing deep field-goal range, and can drive kickoffs into the end zone but doesn?t get a great combination of distance and hang time.  While he is reliable on extra-point attempts and shorter field goals, accuracy on deeper attempts is below average.  Has improved the height of field goals and become quicker to the ball over his career.  A versatile prospect who has handled all elements of the kicking game and has experience punting.  Does not have an injury history or character flags.  Rogers could be a late Day 3 pick.	Rogers possesses NFL measureables and enough athleticism.  Displays good leg strengths.  Has range from 50 yards and can drive kickoffs down the field.  Very accurate on shorter field goal attempts.  Gets kicks off quickly.  Can handle all phases of the kicking game and fill in as a punter.  Durable and experienced.
								Struggles with accuracy on longer field goal attempts.  Doesn?t get ideal loft on kickoffs.  Follow through mechanics break down at times.  Had some field goal attempts blocked earlier in career.
							
2011	Brian Rolle	2495334	LB	Ohio St.	Rolle's lacks the size to become a starting linebacker or the athleticism for a potential move to safety.  However, possesses adequate range, power for his size, and the mentality necessary to contribute as a backup and on special teams.  Has average range against the run and is willing to take on blockers but isn't a true sideline-to-sideline guy and can take too long to shed blocks or be dominated by powerful lineman.  Displays the ability to drop into zone coverage and read a quarterback's eyes but lacks height and quickness in man coverage.  Has good character, leadership qualities, and bloodlines (cousin of Antrel Rolle).  Rolle likely will be a Day 3 pick.	Rolle flashes the ability to diagnose and find the football.  Plays tough and not afraid to mix it up despite size.  Never shies away from contact.  Plays hard and doesn't stop until the whistle.  Comfortable dropping into zone coverage.  Has extensive special teams experience.  Great intangibles, team captain. 
								Lacks height, size and speed and range are only adequate.  Is a tick late diagnosing on occasion and will over pursue at times.  Can be swallowed up by bigger linemen when attempting to anchor.  Struggles to disengage from blockers.  Lacks the height to stick with taller tight end in man and the hip fluidity to mirror quicker backs.
							
2011	Kevin Rutland	2495335	DB	Missouri	Rutland has the size you're looking for plus enough athleticism to make it in the league as a backup corner who can contribute on special teams coverage units.  Shows pretty good overall instincts in coverage and can jump some routes but will stray away from his responsibilities in zone coverage at times.  Does a good job shadowing short routes with good lateral quickness and short-area speed but loses some when asked to flip his hips and chase vertically.  Has solid hands and ball skills.  Is willing to help out in run support but needs to be more physical and get off blocks.  Rutland's a late Day 3 prospect.	Rutland has great size for a corner coupled with enough speed.  Understands route concepts.  Possesses good acceleration and closes quickly.  Can mirror receivers on underneath routes.  Has good ball skills and takes direct routes to the football.  Reads and reacts to running plays quickly.  Hard-worker.
								Has a tendency to roam out of position in zone coverage.  Not very effective when in press-man coverage.  Displays some hip-stiffness when turning to run and recover.  Can be boxed out by physical receivers in jump ball situations.  At times, gets engulfed by blockers in run support.
							
2011	Demarco Sampson	2495336	WR	San Diego St.	Sampson struggled with injuries early in his career, but had a very productive senior season.  He has prototypical size and uses his body to effectively shield defenders to make catches even when he is covered.  He also shows no hesitation working over the middle and usually finds open spots in zone coverage.  He does not appear explosive enough to separate at the next level, as he struggled to get open against better competition in college.  Sampson has worked extremely hard to overcome a foot injury that cost him two seasons and a team may take a chance on him for his size.	Sampson has great size.  Fights off the press and has a knack for finding soft spots in zone coverage.  Tracks the ball well and is a good leaper in jump ball situations.  Fearless going over the middle and has the body control to make difficult catches in traffic.  Willing and capable blocker.
								Does not have the speed to separate at the next level.  Lacks explosion off the line and in and out of his breaks.  Inconsistent route runner that will not separate on savvy alone.  Will not make defenders miss in the open field after the catch.  Drops too many catchable passes.  Has serious durability concerns.
							
2011	Jock Sanders	2495337	WR	West Virginia	Sanders is a drastically undersized slot receiver and return prospect who does not possess elite athleticism or big-play potential.  Displays burst and quickness but doesn't always translate into his route-running and separation skills which still need improvement.  Flashes run-after-the catch ability but doesn't have great make-you-miss.  Is sure-handed and willing in traffic but is a tough target to hit and idles down while making the catch.  Shows good effort in the running game and works hard to overcome lack of size but has off-field character flags.  Sanders isn't a refined prospect and doesn't have a high ceiling.  Potential late-round selection.	Sanders possesses good speed.  Explodes off the line and has good quickness.  Displays good hands and toughness over the middle.  Can be a threat after the catch and on receiver screens.  Willing to block despite lack of size.  Tough, competitive player.  Has return experience.
								Severely lacks height and bulk.  Vulnerable to press coverage at the line.  Not an overly fluid route-runner, rounds off routes, and gathers in and out of his breaks.  Tiny catch radius.  Not a consistent vertical threat and doesn't have great open-field ability.  Has off-the-field issues and character needs to be investigated.
							
2011	Dane Sanzenbacher	2495338	WR	Ohio St.	Sanzenbacher is a crafty receiver with a great attitude that could contribute in the slot at the next level.  He lacks ideal speed and suddenness, but he is a very savvy route runner that uses a variety of fakes to set up defensive backs.  He has great hand eye coordination and makes difficult catches look easy.  He is not going to get consistent yards after the catch, but he is fearless over the middle and very effective at moving the chains.  Sanzenbacher is a very good football player and a coach's dream that will likely be a third day pick.	Sanzenbacher is a polished and precise route runner.  Possesses a great feel for coverage and consistently finds soft spots in zone.  Locates the ball in the air immediately and has great hands and the body control to make acrobatic catches.  Fierce competitor that puts his body on the line in run support.  Very coachable.  
								Does not have the speed to stretch the field or the explosion to separate out of his breaks.  A bit stiff in the hips and will lose speed in transition.  Undersized receiver that struggles to fight off the press.  Lacks the wiggle to make people miss in the open field and will not run over DBs.
							
2011	Da'Norris Searcy	2495339	DB	North Carolina	Searcy is an effective safety in coverage, but he is not aggressive enough in run support to contribute at the next level.  He has enough range to be a center fielder and shows the ability make plays when the ball is in the air.  He also has experience as a nickel back over the slot, but he lacks the hip fluidity to stick with NFL receivers in man coverage.  He will never be a factor in run support as he shies away from contact and struggles to shed blocks.  Searcy can contribute as a punt returner and may sneak into the later rounds.	Searcy has a muscular build and long arms.  Possesses the range to cover the deep middle and is fluid enough to line up over the slot in man coverage.  Tracks the ball well in the air and uses his long arms to break up passes.  Very capable returner on special teams.
								Does not have the speed to close with the ball in the air.  A moment late reading the play and can get caught out of position at times.  Lacks the instincts to anticipate routes and is vulnerable to double moves.  Not a willing tackler in run support and struggles to wade through traffic.  Drops catchable interceptions.
							
2011	Anthony Sherman	2495340	RB	Connecticut	Sherman is a stout fullback that does not have the strength to be a lead blocker at the next level.  He is a fierce competitor that flashes a mean streak and looks to punish opponents.  However, he is not explosive at the point of attack and does not generate a consistent push in the running game.  He is not a natural runner that lacks the vision to find space and the speed to exploit seams.  He is a capable blocker in pass protection, but not a weapon in the passing game.  Sherman looks to be a rookie free agent.	Sherman has a very thick compact build.  Keeps his head up and quickly locates who to hit.  Plays with good leverage and delivers a powerful initial punch.  Fights to the whistle and always finishes his blocks.  High effort kid that is effective on special teams.
								Does not have the lower body strength to always push defenders out of the hole.  Dips head and misses blocks at times.  Lacks good vision and struggles to find running lanes.  Does not consistently push the pile and will not always get yards after contact.  Drops too many catchable passes.
							
2011	Cecil Shorts	2495341	WR	Mount Union	Shorts is a smooth, reliable, intelligent receiver prospect who was highly productive against lower competition but lacks a "wow" factor in terms of size, top-end speed and big-play ability.  Is a smart, fluid route-runner who can beat zone but may lack the quick-twitched burst needed to separate from man coverage in the NFL.  Susceptible to press coverage and doesn't win many 50/50 battles due to lack of strength but is still a highly competitive guy willing to take punishment over the middle and has very good hands.  Shorts is a natural leader and a hard-worker who should be a mid-round selection.	Shorts possesses a nice build and good speed.  Incredibly fluid prospect and is a crafty route-runner.  Extends and catches away from his frame.  Can open his hips for the back shoulder or off-target throw.  Flashes the ability to get over the top.  Shows a high compete level.  Has great intangibles and leadership qualities.
								Does not possess difference-making explosiveness, straight-lined speed, or size.  Does not show great burst out of his breaks.  Lacks strength to beat press coverage.  Not overly effective in jump ball situations.  Not a dangerous threat in the open field.  Will face a steep competition level increase coming from D-III.
							
2011	David Sims	2495342	DB	Iowa St.	Sims lacks the size and range to be a starter at the next level, but he could be effective on special teams.  He has a solid understanding of coverage and regularly directs his teammates into position.  He also can change directions quickly to mirror slot receivers in man coverage.  However, he does not have the speed to be a true center fielder and lacks the bulk to be an in-the-box safety.  He also has had some legal and academic issues.  Overall, Sims is a smart football player that can tackle well and may be a late round pick.	Sims has a compact muscular build.  Well prepared player that recognizes routes and rarely bites on play action.  Reads the QB's eyes and can jump underneath routes.  Possesses fluid hips to line up over the slot and delivers a strong jam to reroute receivers.  Reads quickly, fills hard, and breaks down ball carriers in space.
								Does not have the speed to cover the deep middle or the burst to close when the ball is in the air.  Will bite on double moves and lets receivers behind him.  Short and will get boxed out in jump ball situations.  Takes poor pursuit angles at times in run support and leaves cutback lanes.  Has character concerns.
							
2011	Buster Skrine	2495343	DB	Tennessee-Chattanooga	Skrine comes from an FCS school and is undersized, but he can flat out run.  He has elite recovery speed and quickly closes when the ball is in the air.  However, he will struggle to mirror slot receivers as he is a bit tight in the hips and he will get pushed around by bigger receivers at the next level.  He also struggles to wade through traffic in run support and will not bring down bigger ball carriers.  Skrine is a late round prospect based on his tape, but he could go much earlier if he runs a blazing 40 time.	Skrine possesses very quick feet and excellent top end speed.  Plays disciplined in zone coverage and has the closing burst to jump underneath routes.  Can turn and run with anyone, tracks the ball in the air, and has reliable hands to make picks.  Hard worker and very coachable.
								Undersized and will be out-muscled by stronger receivers at the next level.  Tight hips limit his ability to chance direction quickly.  Over aggressive at times and can be fooled by play action.  Boxed out by bigger receivers in jump ball situations.  Does not have the strength to shed blocks and is a poor tackler.
							
2011	Derrell Smith	2495344	LB	Syracuse	Smith is a tough football player that may not have the physical tools necessary to play at the next level.  He is not fast enough to make tackles all over the field and lacks the explosion and footwork to be effective in pass coverage.  He is fearless and strong, but he gets overwhelmed by blockers too often and really struggles to disengage.  He also is a moment late reading his keys which prevents him from being in the right position at times.  Smith will likely be a rookie free agent, but could be drafted if he tests really well.	Smith has a compact muscular build.  Violent striker that can separate the man from the ball on underneath routes.  Flashes a powerful bull rush to collapse the pocket when blitzing.  Strong tackler that can rip ball carriers down with his hands.  Fierce competitor that fights to the whistle.
								Not fast enough to be a sideline-to-sideline player.  Does not always locate the football and is caught out of position too frequently.  Overaggressive and will bite on play action and ball fakes.  Lacks proper hand placement and technique and struggles to shed blockers.  Misses too many tackles in the open field.
							
2011	D.J. Smith	2495345	LB	Appalachian St.	Smith does not possess enough power at the point of attack or athleticism to be viewed as a potential future starter.  Could find a home as a backup linebacker due to his toughness and ability to play in zone coverage.  Has the makeup of a special teams contributor but does not have much experience at this time.  While he can be productive in pursuit and is willing to take on blockers, he's not stout enough to consistently anchor or an elite tackler.  Does not project well in man coverage in the NFL and isn't a pass-rushing threat.  Smith's a potential seventh-rounder.	Smith has adequate bulk for the next level.  Does a good job making plays inside the box when unblocked.  Doesn't shy away from contact.  Flashes some range against the run.  Comfortable dropping into coverage, can read screen and displays the ability to anticipate routes.  Good character and intangibles.  Highly productive.
								Lacks height.  Can be pancakes or neutralized by powerful run blocking linemen.  Struggles to get off blocks.  Inconsistent range against the run and angles of pursuit.  Needs to become a more sure tackler.  Will struggle to hang with quicker tight ends and backs in man coverage at the next level.
							
2011	Willie Smith	2495346	OL	East Carolina	Smith's an athletic offensive tackle prospect who could become a solid backup with improvement to his technique and some added weight.  Has made strides as a pass blocker in terms of getting set and not over committing toward the corner, and shows flashes of a guy who could become a very effective zone blocker in time.  However, he's never going to be a true road-grader who gets movement and will likely also struggle against top caliber power pass rushers.   Displays good instincts in pass protection but is still developing his recognition skills in the running game.  Smith's a late-round prospect with some upside.	Smith has enough height and above-average athleticism.  Can mirror defenders in pass protection after getting his hands on them.  Displays good awareness protecting the quarterback.  Can wall-off guys in the running game.  Has the mobility to project as a zone blocker down the line.  Hard-worker who has put on considerable weight in college.
								Lacks bulk and strength.  Susceptible to the bull rush.  Legs go dead on contact at times.  While he possesses the athleticism for zone blocking, currently lacks footwork and awareness out in space.  Has a tendency to lean and lunge at defenders.  Needs to do a better job of finishing.
							
2011	Lee Smith	2495347	TE	Marshall	Smith has the build, nastiness and hands necessary to become a tight end who contributes as a blocker and underneath receiver, but he does not possess big play potential.  Does not have the athleticism to consistently gain separation but can sit in zones or use his size to make plays when covered.  Has a big catch radius and will haul in some poorly thrown passes but is inconsistent on everyday plays at times.  Needs to watch his pad level and improve hand placement but is a great blocker who plays angry and doesn't stop until the whistle.  Smith is an early Day 3 prospect.	Smith possesses very good size.  Capable of finding holes in zone coverage.  Can shield off defenders with his frame.  Flashes the ability to pluck and snatch the football.  Gets some movement and does a good job of sustaining his blocks.  Comfortable blocking in space.  Plays with a mean streak.
								Will struggle to separate at the next level.  Lacks burst off the line and in and out of his breaks.  Body catches and drops the routine pass at times.  Does not posses the deep speed necessary to threaten a defense vertically.  Not elusive in the open field.
							
2011	Keith Smith	2495348	WR	Purdue	NA	NA	NA
2011	Owen Spencer	2495349	WR	N.C. State	Spencer has some redeemable qualities for the next level but lacks the speed and consistency catching the football.  Made big plays in college, flashes the ability to make acrobatic catches over his head, away from his frame and in 50/50 situations.  However, he suffers from bouts of drops on easier catches.  Can get himself open against zone coverage but doesn't possess the initial explosion to offer much on shorter patterns, doesn't run crisp enough routes, and lacks the long speed to take the top off a defense in the NFL.    Effort shown blocking could lead to special teams value.  Spencer's a Day 3 or free agent prospect.	Spencer has good height and length.  Comfortable running vertical routes and builds his speed.  Has a knack for finding soft spots in zone coverage.  Flashes the ability to utilize his big catch radius and can go up and get the jump ball.  Can shake the initial defender after the catch.  Works had when blocking.
								Does not possess enough burst and agility to consistently separate at the next level.  Idles down in-and-out of his breaks.  Had some success vertically in college but doesn't have the deep speed for the NFL.  Has a tendency to drop catchable balls.  Can develop alligator arms over the middle.
							
2011	Vai Taua	2495350	RB	Nevada	Taua is a hard-nosed football player who made a name for himself running all over Boise State in 2010.  He is a relentless back that plays with good natural leverage and packs a wallop for would be tacklers.  He is also a weapon in the passing game, as he has a knack for getting open on underneath routes and has very good hands and body control.  He will not run away from anyone at the next level and he does not always keep the ball high and tight and puts it on the ground too often.  Taua looks to be a later round pick.	Taua has a compact build and a low center of gravity.  Possesses good vision and has a quick first step to exploit seams.  Very strong downhill runner that lowers his shoulders effectively and always falls forward.  Runs precise routes and has reliable hands.  Tough kid that excels in pass protection.
								Does not have the speed to consistently turn the corner or a second gear to break long runs.  Not very elusive and will not make defenders miss in the open field.  Struggles at times to read his blockers.  A bit undersized and has struggled with ball security.
							
2011	Josh Thomas	2495351	DB	Buffalo	Thomas has the upside to potentially turn into a starting corner with some improved awareness and overall refinement to his game.  At this stage, has the size, coverage skills, and hands to provide quality depth as a backup.  Can hold up in man, will press effectively and has the athleticism to stick with and trail receivers.  Zone coverage instincts are still developing, but can locate his man and make open field tackles in the flats.  Hands are good and can extend away from his body for an interception.  Has the right mentality against the run, just needs some more consistency.  Thomas is a Day 3 prospect.	Thomas has solid corner size and speed.  Is a smooth, fluid overall athlete with very good coverage skills.  Can flip his hips, turn and run, and shadow in man coverage.  Capable of jamming at the line.  Can recover when beaten and close on the football.  Good ball skills.  Willing in run support.
								Can take too many risks in zone coverage.  Will get sucked in by play-action.  Occasionally gathers before reacting to plays in front of him.  Struggles to get off blocks when playing down near the box.  Pursuit angles in run support need work.
							
2011	James Thomas	2495352	LB	West Virginia	Thomas is an undersized linebacker, but he has the speed and athleticism to develop into a quality reserve in a Tampa 2 system.  He has a great closing burst, but gets blown out of the play in run support too often and lacks the upper body strength to consistently shed blocks.  He excels in pass coverage, as he has great awareness and range in zone and the hip fluidity to stick with running backs and tight ends in man.  Thomas is a fundamentally sound tackler that can also contribute on special teams and should be a later round pick.	Thomas is a speedy 'backer with good length.  Possesses the range to make plays from sideline-to-sideline.  Shows a smooth back pedal and gets into sound position in coverage.  Flashes the closing burst to jump crossing routes and break up passes.  Sound tackler that consistently wraps.
								A moment slow reacting to the play and can get caught out of position.  Lacks the bulk to take on blocks at the next level and gets overwhelmed in phone booth situations.  Takes poor pursuit angles at times and struggles to wade through traffic.  Inconsistent footwork limits his explosive first step.  Not an effective blitzer.
							
2011	Julius Thomas	2495353	TE	Portland St.	Thomas is a raw prospect who was a basketball player until his senior season of college.  Could develop into a reserve pass-catching tight end or H-Back.  Is not a refined route-runner but has the physical tools to improve.  Does a good job in his stem, can separate from man coverage, and get vertical up the seam, but rounds off routes and lacks the experience to get open against zone.  Flashes the natural hands needed to extend but will drop the easy reception.  Must improve as a blocker.  Lacks power in the running game and polish in pass protection.  Late-round prospect.	Thomas possesses excellent size coupled with enough speed for the NFL.  Displays some savvy and athleticism setting up defenders in his stem.  Tough matchup for linebackers in man coverage.  Has very good ball skills.  Plucks and snatches away from frame and adjusts to poorly thrown ball.  Can get up the seam for big plays.
								Very limited football experience.  Blocking is not adequate.  Lacks the lower body power to get movement.  Lacks the upper body power needed to sustain blocks.  Very raw in pass protection.  Displays hip stiffness cutting out of his stem.  Still developing his awareness against zone coverage.  Drops the occasional pass.
							
2011	Brandyn Thompson	2495354	DB	Boise St.	Thompson has the instincts, initial quickness, hands, mentality and special teams experience to be a productive sub-package defensive back in the NFL.  Not blessed with size or top-end speed to hold up on an island or become a full-time starter.  Does a good job in underneath man coverage, pressing at the line, jumping routes and making plays on the ball.  Is comfortable and effective in zone coverage.  However, does not have the length or deep speed to run with vertical threats down the sideline.  Will help out against the run, is a sound tackler in the open field, but has difficultly getting off blocks.  Late-round prospect.	Thompson displays good awareness in pass coverage and against the run.  Capable of jamming and re-routing at the line.  Can jump routes.  Understands zone coverage concepts.  Shows pretty good closing burst to the football.  Good hands.  Gets upfield in a hurry and is a sound tackler in space.  Can cover on special teams.
								Gets caught taking chances at times.  Doesn't have the speed to recover when beaten.  Shows some hip-stiffness when transitioning.  Loses some in-and-out of his breaks.  Can by boxed out by bigger receivers in jump ball situations.  Struggles to disengage from physical blockers.
							
2011	Isaiah Thompson	2495355	OL	Houston	Thompson is a converted defensive tackle that only has one year of experience at offensive guard.  He is still learning the nuances of the position, but has enough natural ability to possibly contribute at the next level.  He has quick feet and good length, but he is a waist bender that lunges at defenders.  He also struggles to generate a push in the running game due to poor leverage and takes too many false steps when attacking the second level.  He will not always locate his blocking assignment, but he does keep his head on a swivel.  Thompson looks to be a rookie free agent.	Thompson is tall with a thick lower half.  Possesses a quick first step and good lateral range to pull around the edge.  Delivers a strong initial punch and uses his long arms to get inside defenders.  Plays with a wide base to thwart the bull rush.  Fights to sustain blocks.
								Does not sink his hips and lunges at defenders making him susceptible to counter moves.  Plays too high and does not generate a good push in the running game.  Does not show the awareness to consistently recognize stunts and blitzes.  Not fluid enough to make blocks in space.  Lacks a mean streak and is more of a finesse blocker.
							
2011	Cedric Thornton	2495356	DL	Southern Arkansas	Thornton is a Division II defensive tackle that will have to step up his game at the next level, but he appears to have the tools to contribute in a d-line rotation.  He has more than enough size and the foot quickness to make plays down the line of scrimmage and in space.  He also flashes the strength to fight off blockers and clog up running lanes, but he struggles to maintain leverage at times and can be blown off the ball.  Thornton will have to improve his technique as a pass rusher, however he should be picked in the mid-to-late rounds.   	Thornton has a large frame and a quick first step.  Possesses the range to make plays outside of the tackle box.  Delivers an effective initial punch and has long arms to keep blockers at bay.  Flashes a powerful bull rush and the burst to get after the quarterback.
								Lacks the lower body strength to consistently anchor against the run.  Plays a bit high at times and can get overwhelmed by bigger blockers in phone booth situations.  Does not show a repertoire of pass rush counter moves and can play with poor hand placement and technique.  Conditioning is a concern as he gets tired too easily.
							
2011	Terrance Turner	2495357	WR	Indiana	Turner could develop into a reserve possession wide receiver with reliable hands who is capable of getting open underneath but does not have the speed or playmaking ability to become a starter.  Runs pretty good routes in the short passing game, shows natural hands, and can make the first man miss.  However, struggles to separate on deep routes, doesn't have the top-end speed to challenge vertically or the elite ball skills to consistently high-point the football.  Turner's a hard-working, coachable player who gets the most out of his ability and will probably turn into a good special teamer.  Late round prospect.	Turner's a receiver with good size.  Pretty adept at getting open against zone coverage.  Runs crisp underneath routes.  Has good hands and will catch the ball away from his body most of the time.  Good enough athlete to make a defender miss.  Plays with fire and not afraid to go over the middle.
								Does not possess the deep speed to consistently threaten a defense vertically.  Still developing his ability to gain separation, will take extra steps, and idles down in and out of breaks.  Despite size, doesn't have good jump ball ability.  Not a playmaker up top or taking short passes for long gains.
							
2011	Jeff Van Camp	2495358	QB	Florida Atlantic	Van Camp is a tall athletic quarterback that needs a lot of work before he's ready to contribute at the next level.  He has very good lateral agility and the speed to move the chains when he tucks and runs.  Despite his athleticism, he does not always avoid pressure in the pocket and will force balls instead of throwing it away.  He locks onto his first option too often and has a very slow delivery which makes him vulnerable to interceptions.  He does not consistently step into his throws and misses open receivers.  Van Camp looks to be a rookie free agent.	Van Camp has prototypical height and good speed.  Shows the ability to look off safeties and can quickly locate the open receiver.  Throws a good deep ball and flashes nice touch on intermediate routes.  Good athlete that can pick up yardage when he breaks contain.
								Needs to add bulk to hold up at the next level.  Has a long three-quarter delivery and is susceptible to batted passes.  Poor footwork affects his balance in the pocket and leads to erratic passes.  Does not show the ability to consistently go through his progressions.  Gets rattled with pressure in his face and makes poor decisions.
							
2011	Julian Vandervelde	2495359	OL	Iowa	Vandervelde possesses the intelligence, agility and intangibles to make it in the league.  When technique is sound, he looks like a guy who could become a starter for a zone blocking team.  Has a quick set, uses his hands well and can move laterally in pass protection but will give up some ground and get caught turning his shoulders.  Flashes the ability to get movement in the running game, stays low, and displays the ability to get to the second level.  Needs to continue to develop on-field awareness to become elite in this area. Tough and coachable, Vandervelde carries a Day 3 grade.	Vandervelde has good mobility for a lineman.  Can shadow quick defensive tackles and can recover when initially beat.  Flashes the ability to get movement using good positioning and technique.  Does a good job getting underneath defenders.  Has above average football IQ and can combo block.  Good intangibles.  Plays hard.
								Does not possess adequate NFL size.  Will give up ground pass protecting against the bull rush.  Struggles to sustain blocks when base narrows.  Not productive and can be moved off the ball when technique and positioning is lacking.  Misses blitzers from the second level on occasion.
							
2011	Danny Watkins	2495360	OL	Baylor	Watkins is new to the game of football, but has the strength and athleticism to play at the next level.  He does not have the arm length and first step explosion to play left tackle, however he projects to be a quality starting guard.  He plays with terrific balance and has the foot quickness to hold in pass protection.  Despite his limited football experience, he engages very well with his hands and maintains a strong position.  He will occasionally have lapses in his reads, but he has very high upside and will likely be a second day pick.	Watkins has good size for the guard position.  Possesses excellent balance and the foot quickness to mirror defensive ends in pass protection.  Shows proper hand placement and technique.  Generates a good push in the running game and has the athleticism to make blocks in the second level.  Plays mean and always finishes blocks.
								His arms are on the short side and he may struggle to engage longer defenders.  Raw football player that does not always recognize stunts and blitzes and can get caught out of position.  Will lunge at times making him susceptible to double moves.  Lacks the knee bend to consistently thwart the bull rush.
							
2011	Chris White	2495361	LB	Mississippi St.	White's a highly productive linebacker but lacks the awareness and playing strength necessary for the NFL.  Was a very good fit for his college system, which allowed him to blitz a lot.  Does not show the ability to line up over the tight end and set the edge, or play off the line, find the football and pursuit with sound technique.  Can get to the quarterback when guessing the snap count on blitzes, but doesn't possess a refined pass rushing skill set.  Not capable of holding up in man coverage against receiver threats.  Zone coverage is only adequate but does exhibit some playmaking ability.  Probable rookie free agent.	White was a really productive college player.  Is a vertical attacker who thrives when cut loose on the blitz and can get upfield.  Very reliable tackler against bigger backs in the box and in space.  Has good ball skills.  Peeks into the backfield, gets jumps on balls, and can extend outside his frame for an interception.
								Does not consistently show the ability to quickness diagnose running plays.  Can not hold up at the point of a attack and takes too long getting off blocks.  Will cheat, slip by blockers, but take poor angles of pursuit and lose position.  Lacks the athleticism to hold up in man.
							
2011	Johnny White	2495362	RB	North Carolina	White is an explosive, well-rounded prospect who lacks some size and experience carrying the load. He could develop into a starter in time but will provide outstanding value as a change-of-pace, third-down back and special-teams ace early in his career. Despite lack of reps, he allows plays to develop and decisively hits the hole. He has exceptional acceleration and agility. He runs hard but likely doesn't have the bulk to be a punishing runner in the NFL. He's refined in the passing game and a capable blocker. He's rising up draft boards and could go on Day 2.	Possesses impressive speed to go with adequate size. Determined runner who fights for extra yards. Displays very good vision and patience. Explodes through the hole. Makes defenders miss in the box. Comfortable in the passing game. Good route-runner with good hands. Adequate in pass protection. Extensive special-teams coverage experience.
								Lacks rushing experience and was rarely asked to shoulder heavy workload in college. Does not have the natural size or power to push the pile or consistently break a lot of tackles at the next level. Might never be an ideal fit for goal-line or short-yardage situations.
							
2011	Colby Whitlock	2495363	DL	Texas Tech	Whitlock has the size to potentially become an adequate reserve defensive tackle if a coaching staff can refine his technique and draw some more tenacity out of him.  Has good bulk, upper body power, and the ability to provide a decent anchor in one-on-one situations.  However, he can be moved off the ball by the double team, doesn't have much range in pursuit, and does not pressure the quarterback with the bull rush or quickness.  Shows flashes of toughness but does not bring the same effort on every snap and stamina is below average.  Whitlock is a likely rookie free agent.	Whitlock has enough size for the next level.  Does a good job of holding up as an anchor in most one-one-one situations.  Strong player who will battle in the trenches.  Displays good tackling ability inside the box.  Shows the ability to use the swim move at times.
								Does not possess adequate athleticism.  Slow off the ball and needs to watch his pad level.  Unable to hold up at the point of attack when double teamed.  Needs to do a better job with his hands to disengage.  Can't bull rush his way to the quarterback or penetrate with quickness.  Effort could be better.
							
2011	Zachary Williams	2495365	OL	Washington St.	Williams has the aggressiveness and build to become a solid backup guard /center in the NFL as his skill-set continues to polish up.  However, he does not possess the athleticism to start.  Flashes the ability to sustain and move defenders off the ball but needs to watch his pad level and hand usage.  Struggles against gap-penetrating defensive tackles in pass protection but can hold up some against the bull rush.  Instincts and awareness are still improving.  Needs to work on his blitz recognition and positioning.  Williams has a really good motor and plays with a mean streak.  Potential late-round selection.	Williams has the size for the interior line.  Can thwart the bull rush in pass protection.  Gets good movement off the ball and shows good leg drive when engaged to defensive tackles.  Plays with a mean streak.  Can be a road-graded when technique and positioning are sound.  Hustles downfield and plays to the whistle.
								Doesn't have the agility to stay in front of quicker defensive tackles.  Doesn't use his hands well enough in pass pro.  Doesn't fire off the ball or get good initial position.  Hand placement when run blocking needs work.  Has trouble with elaborate line movement and blitz packages.  
							
2011	Keith Williams	2495366	OL	Nebraska	Williams' mentality, size and strength should allow him to become a solid backup guard in the league.  Pass blocking technique must improve.  Needs to get set quicker, deliver a punch and become more active with his hands.  However, he does show the ability to hold up even when initially beat.  If he can take better angles, and stay low in the running game, could be an area of strength.  Despite these deficiencies, he still flashes the ability to blow defenders off the ball and get out in space while pulling.  Plays angry and doesn't stop until the whistle.  Seven round / rookie free agent.	Williams has good size and power for the next level.  Can absorb the bull rush.  Gets some movement when drive blocking.  Displays the ability to get out on the edge and pull and shows good range in open space.  Does a good job recognizing and reacting to the blitz.  Has a mean streak.
								Does not have a quick set in pass protection and doesn't use his hands enough.  Needs to watch his pad level.  Lacks the lateral-quickness to consistently pickup penetrating defensive tackles.  Would benefit from improving his routes to second-level targets.  Flagged for too many holding penalties.
							
2011	Marshall Williams	2495367	WR	Wake Forest	Williams has good size, but he lacks the suddenness to consistently get open in man coverage at the next level.  He is a speed builder that is slow off the ball and he runs boring predictable routes.  He shows the ability to get open on underneath routes in zone, but he does not wade effectively through traffic and hears footsteps occasionally.  He is not the smoothest athlete and he struggles to make catches away from his body.  Williams has a chance to get drafted late if a team feels confident that they can improve his route running.  	Williams is tall enough with long arms.  Long strider with deceptive speed that can stretch the field.  Heady player that finds soft spots in zone coverage and has solid hands.  Good leaper who excels in jump ball situations.  Has a good attitude and is very coachable.  
								Slow off the ball and runs too high preventing him from maintaining speed in transition.  Can be stymied by a strong press and struggles to wade through traffic.  Lacks the body control to consistently make grabs outside of his frame.  Will not make people miss after the catch.  Not an overly enthusiastic blocker.  
							
2011	Ryan Winterswyk	2495368	DL	Boise St.	Winterswyk does not have the power, speed or athleticism to start in the NFL.  However, he's a hard-worker with good instincts and a great motor who does his job and could be a backup strong side defensive end in a 4-3 front.  Stays in position, sets the edge and holds outside contain, finds the football, and can bring down a ball-carrier.  But overall athleticism is lacking.  Won't consistently pressure the quarterback, can't take on the double team, and won't make plays on the backside.  Winterswyk steadily improved and was very productive in college.  Could hear his named called in the seventh round.	Winterswyk has good size.  Does a good job maintaining outside contain and shows enough strength to hold up at the point at times.  Displays good on-field awareness.  Finds the football quickly.  Productive in college.  Plays with a relentless motor.  Hard worker who went from walk-on to starter.
								Does not have adequate speed, fluidity or range and strength is only adequate.  Doesn't have the get off to turn the corner at the next level.  Needs to use his hands more to disengage. Does not possess the range to make plays in pursuit.  Not scheme-versatile.
							
2011	Jimmy Young	2495369	WR	TCU	Young has enough physical tools coupled with the mentality needed to stick in the league as a backup receiver.  Possesses good height and bulk, impressive initial burst, some playmaking ability, excellent toughness in traffic, and the work ethic needed to develop.  However, just doesn't display enough deep speed, outstanding hands, or refinement as a route-runner to be considered a potential future starter.  Overall package would be more complete with some improved route-running a bit more concentration when catching the football, and better effort in the running game.  Young should hear his named called on Day 3.  	Young's an adequate combination of size and speed.  Explodes off the line.  Can locate soft spots in zone coverage.  Attacks the football in the air.  Can haul in the poorly thrown pass at times.  Flashes the ability to get deep.  Displays the ability to shake the first tackler.  Tough, hard-working player.
								Will not consistently threaten a defense vertically.  Also lacks the elite playmaking ability necessary to take the short pass for a long gainer.  Needs to do a better job setting up defenders in his routes.  Needs to sharpen up his breaks.  Body catches at times.  Susceptible to the press when corner gets good hand placement.
							
2011	Ryan Colburn	2495424	QB	Fresno St.	Colburn lacks the arm talent and decision-making ability to be viewed as a potential starter but could provide depth for a team with West Coast principles.  At times, displays great leadership qualities, composure and command of the offense but doesn't display enough consistency moving through his progressions and can force the ball late in tight games.  Is adept in the short passing game when he's in rhythm but accuracy drops toward the sidelines and on deep throws. Not afraid to sit in the pocket and can shrug off arm tackles but overall mobility is lacking.  Colburn is a likely rookie free agent.	Colburn possesses great size for an NFL quarterback prospect.  Commands the huddle.  Stands tough in the pocket.  Does not go down from light contact.  Displays good accuracy in the short, timing, passing game.  Smart kid.  Team captain.  No durability / injury question marks.
								Does not have the arm strength to fit the ball into tight windows downfield.  Accuracy is below average on intermediate throws to the perimeter and down the field.  Does not consistently display the ability to scan the entire field and move through progressions.  Inconsistent drop mechanics.  Not a threat to run.
							
2011	Scott Tolzien	2495425	QB	Wisconsin	Tolzien possesses the football IQ, toughness and enough ability to find a home in the NFL as a backup but likely does not have the physical tools to develop into a starter.  Does a good job moving through his progressions, beating pressure by hitting his outlets and moving the chains with short passes.  However, he's less accurate down the field, lacks velocity on deep balls and doesn't possess a clean release to compensate for arm deficiencies.  Displays good drop mechanics, but pocket mobility is only adequate, and he isn't a threat to tuck and run.  Tolzien should be selected on Day 3.	Takes care of the football.  Checks down and throws the ball away.  Displays the ability to move to his second and third options.  Accurate in the short passing game.  Gets rid of the ball on time on three-step drops.  Flashes the ability to climb the pocket.  Outstanding intangibles and leadership skills.
								Below average size measureables.  Lacks the arm strength to drive the ball downfield into tight spots.  Deep-ball accuracy is below average.  Has a hitch in his delivery at times on intermediate-to-deep pass attempts.  Doesn't possess the athleticism to consistently avoid rushers or pick up yards with his feet.
							
2011	Taylor Yates	2495426	QB	North Carolina	Yates likely does not possess enough physical tools (arm, feet) to be considered a future starter but has a ton of experience in a pro-style offense and could find a home as a backup.  At times, appears to be a confident decision-maker in the pocket, capable of efficiently managing his team but occasionally forces throws and is not comfortable dealing with pressure.  Shows good accuracy and touch in the short passing game but is not as effective when asked to drive the ball downfield.  Tough player who has dealt with adversity and become a better player.  Day 3 prospect.	Yates has ideal height, a good build and adequate mobility.  Displays a clean, over-the-top delivery and throws a catchable ball.  Knows when to take something off.  Shows the ability to make sound pre-snap reads and move through his progressions.  Has extensive starting experience and has steadily improved over time.
								Lacks the necessary arm strength to connect on the 15-yard out or fit the ball into tight spots down the field at the next level.  Accuracy on intermediate-to-deep throws is below average.  Will put the ball in harm's way instead of settling for outlet at times.  Pocket mobility is not adequate.
							
2011	Ryan  Bartholomew	2495427	C	Syracuse	Bartholomew is a raw, developmental prospect with good size and athleticism.  However, he still has too many holes in his game to be considered a future starter.  Displays quick feet and hands in pass protection but is vulnerable against double moves and needs to play low with more consistency.  Gets off the ball well while run blocking but struggles to take proper angles and connect with targets out in space.  Overall awareness is adequate.  Voted team captain as a senior and has good character off the field but would like to see more fire on it.  Bartholomew is a seventh-rounder or rookie free agent.	Bartholomew has the necessary size for the NFL, combined with good athleticism.  Gets back into his pass-pro set in a hurry.  Displays violent hands.  Fires off the ball when run blocking.  Can get to the second level.  Locates blitzing targets.  Good intangibles.  Experienced and durable.
								Needs to do a better job establishing initial position as a run and pass blocker.  Gets caught leaning and lunging at times.  Hand and helmet placement needs to become more consistent.  Doesn't always locate his targets at the second level and in space.  Doesn't appear to play with much passion.
							
2011	Justin Boren	2495428	G	Ohio St.	Boren has a chance to become a starting offensive guard in the NFL and will likely serve as a valuable backup early on because of his experience.  Uses his hands well in pass protection is a stout against the bull rush but will be challenged versus agile defensive tackles with some moves in their arsenal.  Productive run blocker who plays tough and can move defenders off the ball at times but is only adequate in space and needs to refine his footwork.  Plays angry on the field but his mental makeup is in question after a transfer from Michigan.  Day 3 prospect.	Boren has a solid combination of mobility and bulk.  Has strong, violent hands.  Capable of anchoring against the bull rush.  Will push defenders backwards and get some movement when positioning and hand placement are good.  Shows good blitz awareness.  Plays with a mean streak and on-field effort is impressive.
								Lacks height and length.  Has trouble mirroring quicker interior pass rushers.  Leans, lunges and struggles to sustain blocks at times.  Only possesses adequate athleticism and will take some false steps.  Character is in question after departure from Michigan mainly due to a new conditioning regimen and change in program atmosphere.
							
2011	Alexander Linnenkohl	2495431	C	Oregon St.	Linnenkohl has the experience, enough size and ability to contribute as a backup lineman at the next level but is unlikely to develop into a starter down the road.  As a run blocker, won't get a ton of movement and isn't overly comfortable in space but does a good job of maintaining once locked on.  In pass protection, can hold his ground against the bull rush but isn't a great matchup when squared off with athletic interior pass rushers.  Shows good football IQ in pass pro but needs to polish up his run-blocking recognition skills.  Linnenkohl is a seventh rounder or rookie free agent.	Linnenkohl  possesses a solid, wide base.  Displays good awareness in pass protection.  Capable of thwarting the bull rush.  When positioning is sound, does a good job of sustaining as a run blocker.  Plays hard and until the whistle.  Very experienced.  Very durable and has played through pain.  Good intangibles.
								Does not have NFL-average size or athleticism.  Struggles to mirror gap-penetrating defensive tackles.  Doesn't fire off the ball and often loses the initial positioning battle in the running game.  Rarely gets movement off the line of scrimmage.  Not comfortable moving to the second level.  Doesn't show a mean streak.
							
2011	Garrett Chisolm	2495433	OL	South Carolina	Chisolm possesses the size and power potential of a developmental NFL guard prospect.  However, his technique needs works and he likely is too limited athletically to be viewed as a future starter.  Does a pretty good job against the bull rush but can be beaten when challenged with quickness or laterally in pass pro.  Can create some seams washing down the line or as a wall-off blocker but isn't a true road-grader.  Displays the ability to combo block and get to the edge when pulling but overall awareness is just adequate.  Good intangibles -- worked for spot and has dealt with adversity.  Day 3 prospect.	Chisolm has the size needed to play guard at the next level.  Excels blocking down the line, clearing space in the running game.  Flashes the ability to get out, pull and find his target.  Does a good job picking up linebackers after combo blocking.  One-time walk-on with plus character.
								Footwork is sloppy.  Leans and lunges too often in pass pro.  Doesn't get a ton of movement off the ball when iso blocking.  Needs to watch his pad level.  Doesn't always take direct routes to targets on the second level.  Lacks a mean streak.  Has dealt with knee injuries.
							
2011	Jah Reid	2495434	OT	Central Florida	Reid's a physically gifted prospect who needs some technical refinement and to improve his recognition skills but has a chance to become a starter down the line.  Good pass blocker who uses his size well, forcing rushers wide past the pocket.  Has pretty good feet and flashes the ability to slide back inside and get to the second level to pick off linebackers.  Main issue is he plays high.  Doesn't jar defenders off the ball and can be knocked backwards by the bull rush.  Has proven to be very durable and has a solid work-ethic.  Reid's a potential Day 2 pick with upside.	Reid has great size and length.  Comes out of his stance quickly and uses long arms to push ends past the launch point.  Slides his feet well, agile.  Wall-off run blocker who gains initial position.  Can block out in space.  Very durable and has a lot of starts under his belt.  Hard-worker.
								Struggles with his pad level due to natural size.  Vulnerable against bull rushers who get into his chest.  Loses the low-man battle in the running game.  Doesn't drive legs and get much movement off the ball.  Leans and lunges at times.  Awareness is below average.  Doesn't play with much of a mean streak.
							
2011	Tyron Smith	2495435	OT	USC	Smith is one of the best prospects on the hoof in this class.  Blessed with an ideal NFL frame and has the outstanding feet and athleticism necessary to be a starting left tackle.  Does a great job staying in front of speed rushers, locks on and sustains, and can anchor against the bull rush.  Shows solid power in the running game and is really productive out in space.  Football IQ is lacking.  Fails to find his target at times in the running games and is a tick slow recognizing blitzes.  Smith could come off the board early in the first round due to his rare physical gifts.	Smith possesses ideal height and length combined with rare speed and mobility for an offensive tackle.  Can sink his hips to counter the bull rush.  Moves his feet really well to shadow quicker speed rushers.  Very comfortable blocking in space pulling on the perimeter and getting to the second level.  Has a mean streak.
								Would benefit from adding more bulk to his frame.  Does not have natural football instincts.  Overall awareness is lacking.  Can be baited by stunts and twists.  Does not recognize the blitz as quickly as you'd like to see.  Can be beat by speed-to-power pass rushing moves.
							
2011	Allen Reisner	2495437	TE	Iowa	Reisner has all the intangibles you look for in a player to fill out a roster but does not possess the physical tools of most NFL tight ends.  Could become a reserve H-Back and special teams player.  Consistency catching the football could improve ? makes some tough grabs but needs to haul in all the routine ones.  Displays great effort when blocking but lacks the strength and feet to get movement or sustain.  Understands route concepts but lacks explosiveness as a route-runner.  Not a big-play threat.  Reisner waited patiently and became a prospect through hard work and a great senior year.  Likely a rookie free agent.	Reisner is capable of locating soft spots against zone coverage.  Will make the occasional difficult grab.  Flashes the ability to be an effective run blocker.  Seized opportunity when starting as a senior.  Has a very good motor.  Works extremely hard.  Highly-competitive.  Great intangibles.  Durable.
								Limited athletically.  Does not possess the size, strength or power of a starting NFL tight end.  Lacks the speed to beat man coverage or challenge a defense up the seam.  Drops some routine passes.  Not going to win many jump-ball battles.  Still developing as a blocker.
							
2011	Kyle Rudolph	2495438	TE	Notre Dame	Rudolph missed the final seven games of 2010 after undergoing hamstring surgery, but he has the potential to develop into a weapon in the passing game at the next level.  He is fast and has the hip fluidity to separate in and out of his breaks in man coverage.  He has tremendous hands and shows a knack for coming down with the ball in traffic.  He lacks the strength and bulk to be an effective run blocker, but he works hard to sustain and keeps solid position.  Rudolph is a very good receiving tight end and could be a steal in the second round.	Rudolph is tall with a monster frame.  Possesses an explosive first step and has the speed to stretch the field.  Fluid in transition to separate in man and shows a good feel for finding soft spots in zone coverage.  Has excellent hands and the body control to win jump balls.  Tough kid that always finishes the play.
								Almost always flexed out and needs more experience lined up in-line.  Must fill out his frame as he lacks the lower body strength to generate a good push in the running game.  Does not have the wiggle to make people miss in the open field after the catch.  Missed most of the 2010 season with a hamstring injury.
							
2011	Blaine Gabbert	2495441	QB	Missouri	Gabbert has it all physically, but has a long way to go before he's ready to lead an NFL offense.  He played in a spread offense and will have to learn to take snaps under center and make progressions in the pocket.  However, he is a smart football player that seems to understand coverages and he has the arm strength to fit the ball into tight windows.  He is also very mobile and elusive in the pocket and shows the ability to make plays with his feet.  Overall, Gabbert's tools will be too alluring for a team without a quarterback, and he will likely be a top-10 pick, maybe even the first QB off the board.	Gabbert has prototypical size and excellent speed for the position.  Shows the ability to make the right pre-snap reads.  Possesses a quick release and has the arm strength to make all the throws.  Well-balanced passer that rarely misses on short-to-intermediate throws.  Extremely mobile to extend plays and fast enough to move the chains.  Vocal leader and hard worker.
								Trusts his arm too much and puts the ball in harm's way too often.  Does not show good touch on passes over the middle and needs to learn to take a little velocity off certain throws.  Struggles to throw an accurate deep ball.  Late feeling pressure at times which neutralizes his very good mobility.  Will need to learn a pro style offense.
							
2011	Ryan Mallett	2495443	QB	Arkansas	Mallett has the arm strength and size of a franchise NFL quarterback but still needs to continue to develop his accuracy and decision-making consistency.  Can drive the ball down field and hit the deep out.  When drop mechanics are sound, shows the ability to stick the ball into tiny windows.  Has played in pro-style systems and understands reads and progressions but is still prone to taking some risks.  Release is natural and over-the-top.  Exhibits leadership qualities on the field but front offices will want to further investigate his character and ability to take coaching.  Mallett's a really enticing package and will likely come off the board in round one.	Mallett possesses prototypical size.  Has elite arm strength and can make all the throws.  Displays smooth mechanics.  Fluid, over-the-top delivery.  Will fit the ball into tight spots and shows good overall accuracy.  Has experience in the pro-style passing game.  Good pocket mobility, can buy second chances and keeps his head down field.  Fierce competitor and can command the huddle.  
								Flashes the ability to run through progressions but has lapses in judgment and can force throws when pressured.  Accuracy is solid but needs to become more consistent.  Ball will sail when footwork gets sloppy.   Does not have the athleticism to pick up much yardage with his feet at the next level.  Potential maturity/character issues.
							
2011	Darvin Adams	2495444	WR	Auburn	Adams is a guy who brings enough to the table to develop into a nice sub-package receiver.  Possesses the height and long speed to make some plays vertically, has the mentality to make tough catches in traffic, and has the work ethic and desire to refine his route-running on short-to-intermediate patterns.  Good hands and a crafty route-runner.  Needs to add some weight to his frame and is susceptible to the press and doesn't have the great short-area burst to consistently get open against man coverage at this time.  Adams will attract interest with his competitiveness and intangibles.  Mid-round prospect.	Adams has pretty good speed for a taller receiver.  Does a good job getting open against zone coverage.  Reliable hands.  Is a speed-builder who can run under the deep ball.  Willing to roam the middle of the field.  Hard-worker who maximizes his physical tools.
								Lacks bulk.  Can be jammed and re-routed at the line of scrimmage.  Will mis-time jumps and body catch on occasion.  Doesn't possess good initial quickness and burst, doesn't eat up cushions quickly, or pose much of a threat in the open field.  Run blocking technique needs some work.
							
2011	Jonathan Baldwin	2495445	WR	Pittsburgh	Baldwin is giant wide receiver that has the potential to develop into a starter at the next level.  He is a speed builder that can get behind defensive backs and he quickly finds the ball in the air.  He is a weapon over the middle, as he has strong reliable hands and the body control to make acrobatic catches in traffic.  He is dangerous after the catch as he can run away from linebackers and over defensive backs.  Baldwin has to refine his route running skills, but he could sneak into the first round due to his freakish measurables.	Baldwin is a huge receiver with deceptive speed.  Long strider that can stretch the field and  shows the ability to consistently track the ball in the air.  Possesses excellent hands and high points the ball very well.  Strong runner after the catch that breaks arm tackles and flashes a vicious stiff arm.  Fearless over the middle.
								Sloppy route runner that struggles to separate from quicker defensive backs.  Takes too many false steps in transition and does not always find soft spots in zone coverage.  Does not have enough wiggle to make defenders miss in the open field.  Not exactly a willing run blocker and will occasionally take plays off.
							
2011	Armon Binns	2495446	WR	Cincinnati	Binns has the frame, speed, and sticky hands required to become a starting NFL wide receiver.  Additionally, awareness and ball skills will allow him to provide excellent depth as he matures in a starting role.  Doesn't idle down when breaking as a route-runner and recognizes zone schemes but does not possess great explosiveness off the line or out of his breaks.  Has some of the better hands in this class.  Makes a lot of plays snatches balls out along the rim of his catch radius.  Big play potential is there.  Effort needs to be a littler more consistent.  Binns is a Day 2 prospect.	Binns has an above-average combination of size and speed.  Doesn't lose speed at top of stem or in and out of his breaks.  Capable of locating soft spots in zone coverage.  Displays excellent hands.  Plucks and snatches away from his frame and can make the tough catches; over-the-shoulder, poorly thrown balls, etc.  Tough.
								Lacks great acceleration and burst and does not explode off the line or quickly eat up cushions.  Can be disrupted by press coverage at the line.  May have a more difficult time separating against man in the NFL.  Sometimes runs at less than 100 percent when not primary receiver.  Run-blocking effort is inconsistent.
							
2011	DeAndre Brown	2495447	WR	Southern Miss	Brown's an intriguing physical talent with elite size and the potential to be a deep/red zone terror but comes with some major flags and an injury history.  Doesn't possess the suddenness or route-running skills to beat tight man coverage and needs to make better use of his huge catch radius and big hands.  Maturity and work-ethic on and off the field are in question.  Was arrested in 2010 on a disorderly conduct charge, has been caught playing at less than 100 percent during games, and doesn't physically dominant jump ball situations or over the middle.  Brown's a high-risk, potential high-reward, developmental Day 3 prospect.	Brown possesses rare height and bulk for a receiver coupled with enough speed to get deep.  Can haul in the over-the-shoulder catch in stride and adjust to the poorly thrown ball.  Flashes the ability to box-out defenders for the jump ball.  Can be a load in the open field after the catch.
								Lacks the initial burst to consistently separate underneath.  Overall route-running must continue to develop and improve.  Needs to make better use of his huge frame and hands and attack the football more regularly.  Susceptible to being jammed at the line despite his size.  Has major injury and character flags that must be investigated.
							
2011	Randall Cobb	2495448	WR	Kentucky	Cobb's a 'tweener lacking the size to be a full-time back or the ball skills and deep speed of a pure receiver.  However, he could still make plays as a scat back, sub-package slot receiver and as a returner.  Plays his best in the biggest moments.   Possesses solid vision, enough quickness to get the corner and gain yards after short passes but isn't a true home run threat.  Could be an effective third down back with his short area speed and route-running but hands need to be more consistent and he has a ways to go in pass protection.  Cobb is a late Day 2 prospect.	Cobb possesses rare competitiveness and great intangibles.  Not afraid of contact, going over the middle, or pass blocking.  Good short area speed, can press the line and get to the perimeter.  Good route-runner and can get open against zone.  Versatile - high school quarterback who played running back, receiver, returned kicks, and in the Wildcat in college.
								Lacks bulk for a running back.  Does not possesses great top-end speed and not overly elusive in the open field.  Does not have the strength and power to carry the load or push the pile.  Only possesses adequate overall ball skills as a receiver.  Struggles to sustain his blocks.
							
2011	Tandon Doss	2495449	WR	Indiana	Doss has the size and speed measurables, hands, savvy, and mentality to develop into a starting NFL wide receiver and potentially a go-to guy.  Gets open underneath with polished route-running and good quickness.  Eats up cushions in a hurry with elite burst off the line, has the straight-lined speed to get vertical, and the ball skills to track the football.  Can make some plays in space.  Very willing and productive over the middle and can catch the ball in a crowd.  Hard-working, mature player who lets his play on the field do his talking.  Doss is an early second round prospect.	Doss is a nice combination of size and speed.  Displays elite ball skills.  Catches away from his frame and adjusts to the poorly thrown ball.  Doesn't lose speed in and out of breaks, sets up defenders, and gets open against zone.  Has the burst and top-end speed to get vertical and make plays after the catch.    Goes over the middle.
								Not too many holes in this guy's game.  Could do a better job high-pointing the football in jump ball situations.  Does not have elite top-end speed or agility but as stated is still a playmaker.  Willing and aggressive while run blocking but fundamentals need some work.
							
2011	A.J. Green	2495450	WR	Georgia	Green is one of the finest receiver prospects in the last few years.  Has the ideal length, refined route-running skills, hands, and big-play ability to become one of the league's top players at the position.  Displays tremendous acceleration and fluidity for a taller player.  Is a consistent vertical threat because of his outstanding combination of deep speed, height, ball skills and leaping ability.  Very productive underneath gaining separation or catching the ball in a crowd.  Occasionally has difficulty with bigger, more physical defensive backs and would like to see more attitude when run blocking.  Was suspended once by NCAA but character appears to be solid.  Green carries an early first-round grade, likely in the top 10.	Green possesses prototypical height, a wide catch-radius, and very good speed.  A true vertical, big play threat.  Explodes off the line.  Eats up cushions immediately.  Doesn't idle down in-and-out of his breaks.  Displays the ability to uncover against zone.  Can haul in the poorly thrown pass and wins most jump balls.  Productive over the middle.  Very competitive.
								Only possesses adequate bulk.  Can be harassed at the line by physical press-man corners with good size.  Bigger defensive backs will compete with him for 50-50's.  Would like to see more sustained effort and physicality while run blocking.  Suspended by NCAA for selling a jersey.
							
2011	Tori Gurley	2495451	WR	South Carolina	Gurley is a wide receiver in a tight end's body that could develop into a quality reserve at the next level.  He is not exactly fast, but he is a long strider that can stretch the field down the seam.  He uses his great length to make catches even when he is covered, but he does not have reliable hands.  He also is a bit stiff in the hips and lacks the fluidity to get open in man coverage.  Gurley is tough kid that seeks out contact as a blocker and works the middle of the field which makes him an attractive later round prospect.	Gurley is a monster wide receiver.  Long strider with deceptive deep speed. Fluid route runner that finds holes in zone coverage.  Uses frame to shield defenders from the ball and consistently wins jump balls.  Fearless on crossing routes and strong runner after the catch.  Willing and very capable blocker.
								Lacks explosion off the line and out of his breaks.  Does not always beat the press off the line despite his size.  Runs a bit high and struggles to maintain speed in transition.  Lets the ball get inside his frame and drops too many catchable passes.  Will not make people miss in the open field after the catch.
							
2011	Jamel Hamler	2495452	WR	Fresno St.	Hamler has the frame, speed, and toughness to become an effective sub-package receiver in the NFL.  Shows promise as a route-runner.  Has good initial burst and doesn't waist time at the top of his stem but isn't as fluid moving laterally and is still developing his ability to find his spots against zone coverage.  Will make the highlight tape grab at times but also struggles with bouts of drops on easier catches.  Can be a vertical threat due to size/speed combo and leaping ability.  Will hang tough over the middle but needs to improve as a blocker.  Hamler's a mid-round prospect.	Does not have difference-making deep speed or elusiveness in the open-field.  Shows some hip stiffness transitioning laterally as a route-runner.  Could do a better job recognize seems in zone coverage.  At times, drops the routine pass and isn't as comfortable going down for the catch.  
								Hamler has an impressive combination of size and speed.  Explodes off the line, eats up cushions, and doesn't idle down at the top of his stem.  Can get himself open against zone.  Flashes the ability to pluck and snatch away from his frame.  Displays good jump ball ability.  Willing to go over the middle.  
							
2011	Andre Holmes	2495453	WR	Hillsdale	NA	NA	NA
2011	Julio Jones	2495454	WR	Alabama	Jones has the prototypical build to become a No. 1 receiver.  A vertical threat due to his height, strength, leaping ability, and speed.  Generates big plays after the catch on screens and crossing patterns because of his physicality as a runner.  Flashes outstanding hands and ball skills, will make the highlight grabs and haul in passes well outside his frame, but also struggles with bouts of drops.  Needs to shore up his hands and route-running to develop into a consistent chain-mover at the next level.  Plays aggressively, will go over the middle and block.  A foot injury hasn't hindered Jones' upside, and he is projected to be a mid first-round pick.	Jones possesses NFL-ideal receiver size.  Explodes off the line.  Eats up cushions in a hurry.  Beats press coverage with his strength and physicality. Can separate vertically and on crossing patterns.  Locates soft spots against zone.  Shows elite body-control and strong hands on jump balls and poor throws.  Can be a load in the open field.  Tough and highly-competitive.  Good blocker.
								Will drop the routine pass on occasion and body catches at times.  Was able to consistently separate in college but still developing as a route-runner.  Needs to do a better job setting up defenders and getting out of breaks.  Willing to go over the middle but needs to show more consistency catching in traffic.
							
2011	Cam Newton	2495455	QB	Auburn	Newton is one of the most athletically gifted quarterbacks in draft history.  Possesses a quick, clean release, enough arm strength to complete the deep out, prototypical size, and is a dangerous threat outside of the pocket.  However, he has a ways to go before turning into a productive, reliable NFL starter.  Was not asked to make pro-style reads or move through progressions in college.  Footwork is sloppy and accuracy is inconsistent.  He's competitive and vocal on the field, but has had several off-the-field issues and his character is in question.  Despite the risk, Newton's talent will likely prevent him from lasting past the middle of the first round.	Newton has a rare blend of height, strength and speed.  Fierce competitor and emotional leader.  Flashes the ability to zip the ball into tight spots.  Has a quick, over-the-top delivery.   Puts a ton of revolutions on the ball and can make all the throws.  Frequently evades the rush for second-chance opportunities.  Threat to pick up large chunks when he tucks.
								Not proficient at going through his progressions or making NFL reads.  Doesn't anticipate receivers getting open, must see them in a window.  Inconsistent accuracy due to poor footwork and falling away to avoid a big hit.  Despite athleticism, needs to improve his drop mechanics and the finer points of pocket mobility.  Numerous off the field issues worth investigating.
							
2011	Jeffrey Maehl	2495457	WR	Oregon	Maehl has the mentality, intangibles and savvy to become a reserve wide receiver who provides additional value on special teams.  However, he lacks the explosiveness, deep speed and strength to be considered a potential future starter.  Is a technically-sound route runner but lacks burst out of breaks to beat man coverage at the next level and is susceptible to being jammed at the line.  Efficient and productive when working against zone coverage.  Hands are solid but does not have the physicality to make too many contested grabs.  Can make some plays after the catch but won't scare a defense vertically.  Maehl's a late-round prospect.	Maehl has an adequate combination of height and speed for the next level.  Does a nice job getting open against zone coverage.  Capable of locating soft spots against zone.  Flashes the ability to pluck and snatch away from frame.  Can track the deep ball.  Shows toughness over the middle.
								Lacks bulk and strength.  May have difficulty beating NFL press coverage.  Likely will not win fair share of 50/50 jump-ball battles at the next level.  Does not possess the explosiveness to consistently separate from man coverage.  Lacks big-play or downfield potential.  Will need to add power to ensure blocking production matches effort.
							
2011	Jamar Newsome	2495458	WR	Central Florida	NA	NA	NA
2011	Torrey Smith	2495459	WR	Maryland	Smith has big-play speed and enough size to develop into a starting NFL receiver who can stretch a defense.  Shows great burst off the line and the top-end speed to consistently get behind the secondary but is susceptible to press coverage and is still improving his ability to make over-the-shoulder grabs and come down with jump balls.  Not a refined underneath route-runner.  Loses speed in transition and doesn't have a real natural feel for finding creases in zones.  Has leadership qualities, is a hard-worker, and is a physical run blocker.  Smith's speed, upside and mentality make him an early second round prospect.	Smith possesses outstanding straight-lined speed and good size measurables.  Explodes off the line of scrimmage.  Flashes the ability to high-point the football.  Has the second gear needed to threaten a defense vertically.  Eats up cushions and can track the deep ball well.  Plays with passion, exhibits great effort while run blocking, and has intangibles.  
								Must improve his route-running and ability to consistently separate.  Takes too many steps at the top of his stem.  Ideals down in and out of his breaks.  Still learning to identify and get to soft spots in zone coverage.  Hands are adequate but won't consistently bring down the tough catch.  Not overly elusive in space.
							
2011	John Clay	2495460	RB	Wisconsin	Clay possesses the size, power, burst and vision to become a quality NFL running back.  Currently does not have the receiving or pass-protection abilities to contribute on third downs.   Also does not have the speed and open field elusiveness to consistently make big plays at the next level.  However, he's a productive, downhill runner who breaks tackles and carries defenders for extra yards with enough speed to hit the hole and get the corner at times.  Had offseason surgery on both ankles following his 1,500-yard redshirt sophomore year and was part of a three-headed monster as a junior.  Clay is a Day 2 prospect.	Clay has tremendous size.  No-nonsense back who lets his blocks develop, finds a crease, and gets downhill in a hurry.  Rarely goes down on first contact.  Runs through arm tackles.  Usually falls forward.  Should have enough burst to get the edge at times.  Very productive in college.
								Only has adequate speed.  Will not make defenders miss in the open field.  Doesn't project as a home-run threat at the next level.  Has some fumbling issues.  Not refined in the passing game.  Does not appear comfortable catching the football.  Needs to become more consistent and technically sound in pass protection.  Has some injury history.
							
2011	Shaun Draughn	2495461	RB	North Carolina	NA	NA	NA
2011	Darren Evans	2495462	RB	Virginia Tech	Evans is a tough running back who might lack the speed to make an impact at the next level.  He excels between the tackles, as he is a north-south runner who lowers his shoulder and pumps his legs through defenders.  He is also a tenacious blocker in pass protection who flashes a strong initial punch.  However, he lacks the suddenness to consistently exploit seams or bounce the ball to the outside.  He is a very raw pass catcher and is not a weapon in the flat.  Evans is very hard-working and could be drafted late for his potential on special teams.	Evans has prototypical size for the position.  Decisive back who finds the hole quickly and hits it hard.  Violent runner who keeps his legs churning and always falls forward.  Effective at pushing the pile in short-yardage situations.  Willing and very capable blocker in pass protection.
								Does not have the burst to consistently get around the edge or the second gear to hit a home run.  A bit stiff in the hips and loses speed when changing direction.  Runs poor routes and drops catchable balls.  Puts the ball on the ground at times.  Has some durability concerns. 
							
2011	Mario Fannin	2495463	RB	Auburn	Fannin has the tools to become a reserve running back who contributes on third downs.  However, he has not shown the endurance, running power, and vision to be a fulltime starter at the next level.  Flashes some redeeming rushing qualities; has good bulk, can get to the edge, and runs with intensity, but has some ball security issues, doesn't pick up enough yardage after contact and needs to show better awareness.  Provides value in the passing game.  Catches balls outside his frame, comfortable tracking the deep ball, can make plays after the catch, and is a willing blocker.  Fannin's a Day 3 prospect.	Fannin possess good size and speed.  Flashes the ability to get to the perimeter.  Breaks arm tackles and runs pretty hard.  Versatile player who has lined up in the slot.  Experienced in the passing game.  Adjusts to poorly thrown passes and tracks the ball well over his shoulder.  Good effort in pass pro.
								Doesn't have experience carrying the load.  Inconsistent vision and patience as a runner.  Doesn't always allow his blocks to develop and misses the cut back lane at times.  Does not possess homerun speed or top elusiveness in space.  Needs to improve pass blocking technique.  Has an injury history.
							
2011	Jamie Harper	2495464	RB	Clemson	Harper has the build, lateral quickness and ability to contribute on third down necessary to eventually become a starting running back, but is not there yet.  Currently lacks the power running style and vision required to consistently pick up yards in the NFL.  When he presses the hole, runs with good pad level, and initiates contact, he has the look of a future load-back.  Can make defenders miss in the hole and in space at times but needs to lower his shoulder more often.  Has a lot of third down potential.  Possesses good hands and is a capable pass protector.  Harper's a mid-round prospect with upside.	Harper has great size and good speed.  Flashes the ability to be a one-cut, downhill back.  Displays good elusiveness at times for a big back.  Understands pass protection concepts.  Very productive pass-catcher with good hands.  Can extend outside his frame and catch passes in a crowd.  Team mentality guy with special teams experience.
								Raw prospect lacking game experience.  Has never been a full-time back.  Needs to lower his should more often and use his size.  Vision and patience need to continue to improve and needs to be more decisive.  Only possesses adequate acceleration to the line.  Must watch his pad level.  
							
2011	Henry Hynoski	2495465	FB	Pittsburgh	Hynoski possesses the athleticism, size and football IQ necessary to stick in the league as a fullback.  Well-rounded player who can get to the point, has the body-control to block out in space, can anchor in pass protection, and shows good overall awareness.  Also contributes running in-between the tackles, catching the football, and making the occasional play in space.  However, he just isn't a punishing blocker or thumper.   Won't drive defenders backwards or make the explosive block.  Off the field, he's very coachable, puts in work in the film room, and has good character.  Hynoski carries a Day 3 grade.	Hynoski's a great combination of size and speed for a fullback prospect.  Displays good on-field awareness.  Understands his assignments, locates his targets, and does a good job of sustaining.  Provides some value as a runner and receiver.  Finds the hole and can make a play in space.  Good work ethic.
								Lacks the pure nastiness and tenacity you'd like to see from a fullback.  More of a cover-up blocker.  Will not blow up linebackers in the hole and doesn't get much movement.  Needs to watch his pad level.  Hands are adequate but does drop some catchable balls.
							
2011	Mark Ingram	2495466	RB	Alabama	Ingram projects as an every-down back who can make an impact on the ground and in the passing game.  One of the most polished running back prospects in recent memory.  Has rare natural running sense in terms of vision and patience.  Great short area speed and burst to hit the hole, make defenders miss, and get to the perimeter.  Runs low, breaks tackles, and usually falls forward.  Dangerous receiver in the screen game and as a check down.  Shows good effort and awareness in pass protection.  Has not been asked to shoulder the entire load to this point, but Ingram's still a first-round prospect.	Ingram possesses a great build and good top-end speed.  Highly-competitive runner.  Seldom goes down on first contact.  Displays rare awareness, vision and patience.  Waits for holes to develop, sets up his blockers, sees the cutback and explodes up field.  Can make defenders miss in the hole and in space.  Fast enough to get the corner.  Contributes as a receiver and blocker.
								Not many areas of weakness in his game.  Dealt with minor injuries in college.  Shared the load all three season at Alabama (only two games of 20+ carries as a junior).  Is not an ideal pile-pusher in short yardage but usually finds a way to gain the first down or the goal line.
							
2011	Taiwan Jones	2495467	RB	Eastern Washington	Jones is an FCS-level prospect with the big-play ability to provide value as a backup running back but does not have the power, durability or ball security of an NFL starter.  Is explosive and can take it the distance but doesn't have elite balance or elusiveness.  Inconsistent reading and setting up blockers and locating backside holes but does a good job getting through seams in his vision.  Could become a weapon in the passing game due to his speed, but his hands and ability to hold up in pass pro need to improve.    Injury history should be investigated.  Jones likely will hear his named called on Day 3.	Jones has good speed and a frame with some growth potential left in it.  Reaches top speed quickly and can hit the hole in a hurry.  Possesses the ability to get to the corner.  Has home run potential if he gets a crack.  Fights for extra yards.  Potential mismatch in the passing game.
								Currently lacks the bulk of an every-down NFL running back.  Dances too much in the backfield at times.  Does not always locate holes away from the play design.  Does not possess the power to put his head down and drive defenders backwards.  Struggles to anchor in pass protection.  Fumbles.  Extensive injury history.
							
2011	Mikel Leshoure	2495468	RB	Illinois	With some improvements on third down, Leshoure has the size, athleticism and competitiveness to develop into an every-down back.  Displays very good burst and quickness for a big back, can get the corner and make defenders miss, but does not have elite speed.  Possesses the power to break tackles, push the pile and find the end zone near the goal line, but needs to do a better job of staying low.  Has the size and mentality to become an effective pass blocker and the athleticism to turn into a weapon in the passing game but is currently raw in both areas.  Leshoure is a second-round prospect.	Leshoure has the size and speed of an NFL load back.  Runs hard.  Productive around the goal line.  Has enough burst to get to the perimeter and has good agility for a big back.  Can shake defenders in the box and run through arm tackles.  Willing pass protector and flashes receiving potential.
								Vision is solid and improving but needs to get better at finding his holes.  Will spend too much time dancing in the backfield.  Lacks the top-end speed to get the seam and go for six.  Needs to improve his route-running and do a better job catching away from body. Pass-blocking technique needs improvement.
							
2011	Dion Lewis	2495469	RB	Pittsburgh	Lewis is a quick, compact running back who can make defenders miss but may lack the pure size and power to become a full-time starter in the NFL.  Probably finds a home as a change-of-pace back but still must develop as a receiver and pass blocker in order to be relied upon on third downs.  Shows patience and vision behind the line, senses creases and cutback lanes and can shake tacklers in traffic and in space but needs to do a better job of getting vertical at times.  Can break arm tackles and is crafty in a crowd.  Day 3 prospect.	Lewis possesses great feet and quickness.  Makes defenders miss behind the line and in the hole.  Displays outstanding elusiveness in the open field.  Has enough speed to get the edge.  Does a good job setting up his blockers.  Breaks some tackles despite lack of size.  Durable.
								Lacks power and bulk.  Won?t push the pile.  Will dance too much in space at times.  Quicker than fast and lacks true home run speed for the next level.  Puts the football on the ground a little too often.  Struggles in pass protection where technique and effort are inconsistent.  
							
2011	Stevan Ridley	2495470	RB	LSU	Ridley is bruising running back that could be effective between the tackles at the next level.  He is a no nonsense runner that explodes through the holes and is very difficult to take down in the open field.  He does not always play with a good pad level, but he keeps his legs churning and shows the ability to push the pile.  He is not shifty enough to evade defensive backs in the second level, and he will not contribute in the passing game.  Ridley can also contribute on special teams and could be picked in the fourth round.  	Ridley is a big back with a deceptive burst.  Possesses good vision and hits the hole hard.  Downhill runner that has the strength to run over defenders.  Secures the ball quickly and flashes an effective stiff arm.  Plays mean and is a very capable blocker in pass protection. 
								Does not have the speed to consistently break off big runs and lacks the lateral agility to make people miss in the open field.  Runs too high at times limiting his power.  Lacks experience as a receiver and struggles to turn and run after the catch.  Inconsistent technique as a blocker in pass protection.
							
2011	Jacquizz Rodgers	2495471	RB	Oregon St.	Rodgers is a highly productive, extremely competitive, explosive, well-rounded running back prospect who simply lacks a lot of size compared to most starting NFL running backs.  Despite stature, is productive between the tackles with his burst, shouldered a heavy workload in college, picked up a lot of yardage after contact, and never hesitates or backs down.  Has great acceleration, balance, quickness, hands as a receiver, determination, and stamina.  Can be impatient at times behind the line of scrimmage, lacks NFL home-run speed, and is not a good matchup against power pass rushers.  Rodgers likely will be a mid-round selection.	Rogers is an elite competitor.  Explodes out of his stance, hits the hole hard and gets upfield in a hurry.  Possesses elite body control.  Doesn't need to gather at all when cutting.  Fights hard for yards after contact despite his size.  Very productive receiver who runs good routes, possesses natural hands, and is a threat at the catch.
								Very undersized.  Does not possess outstanding top-end speed.  Presses the hole a bit too quickly at times without allowing for play to develop.  Not going to push the pile or break as many tackles in the NFL as in college.  Usually overpowered by the bull rush in pass pro.
							
2011	Jordan Todman	2495472	RB	Connecticut	Todman is a downhill runner in a scat back's body that may lack the size to take the pounding at the next level.  He quickly finds openings and has the burst to exploit seams, but he initiates contact in the open field which could get him injured in the NFL.  He also lacks experience as a receiver and was regularly on the sidelines on third down.  However, he took a kick to the house in college and could make an immediate impact as a return man.  Todman may not be a bell cow, but he is a shifty back that could sneak into Day 2.  	Lacks the lower body strength to push the pile in short yardage situations.  Looks to bounce the ball to the outside too often.  Takes too many big hits and will go down easy at times.  Runs poor routes and has a small catching radius.  Struggles to block bigger defenders in pass protection.
								Todman plays bigger than his measurables.  Possesses good vision, explodes through the hole and flashes a second gear to break a long run.  Shows a bit of a wiggle in the hole and makes the first guy miss.  Lowers his shoulder well and generally falls forward.  Very productive in college.
							
2011	Shane Vereen	2495473	RB	California	Vereen emerged from Jahvid Best's shadow to have breakout season in 2010 and he could be an effective weapon on third down at the next level.  Vereen lacks the size and speed to be an every down back, but he is terrific pass catcher out of the back field that will keep the chains moving.  He has very good vision and could be very effective in a zone blocking scheme.  He also has the hands and enough lateral agility to contribute as a returner.  Vereen has a limited ceiling but he is a quality back that could sneak into the third round.	Vereen is a compact runner with a low center of gravity.  Patient back that shows the ability to find holes and cutback lanes.  Runs hard and fights for extra yards after contact.  Possesses great hands and instincts as a receiver.  Can split out wide and shows good effort and technique in pass protection.
								Lacks explosiveness and is more of a speed builder.  Undersized back that does not run with great balance and will not break many tackles or push the pile.  Does not have the foot quickness to make sharp cuts and make people miss in the open field.  Has had some issues with ball security.
							
2011	Ryan Williams	2495474	RB	Virginia Tech	Williams has a chance to develop into an every down starting running back.  Has the vision, toughness, burst, and lateral-mobility necessary to move the chains and make some big plays.  However, he must do a better job holding onto the football and improve his ability to consistently contribute on third downs.  Also dealt with injuries as a redshirt sophomore and currently lacks some bulk of a typical load-back.  Effective one-cut runner who explodes through the first level and can make people miss in space.  Runs hard and falls forward.  Williams still has some work to do leading up to the draft but could sneak into the first round.	Williams runs with a lot of energy.  Has great patience and vision.  Possesses enough burst to get through the hole.  Excels as a one-cut-and-go back.  Runs low and hard, breaks tackles. Creative and very elusive once he gets to the second level.  Flashes the ability to be a threat in the passing game.
								Only possesses adequate size and top-end speed.  Could afford to put on some weight.  Needs to do a better job keeping the football tucked close to his frame.  Not a true power back who can push the pile.  Can be a body-catcher at times.  Still developing in pass pro.  Dealt with injuries as a redshirt sophomore.
							
2011	Da'Quan Bowers	2495475	DL	Clemson	Bowers has the ability to become a franchise NFL defensive end with the potential to dominate against the run and pass.  Appears capable of playing DE in different front alignments or inside at defensive tackle in pass rushing situations.  Really came into his own as a pass rusher this fall terrorizing ACC opponents to the tune of 16 sacks.  Can beat offensive lineman with his athleticism or power.   A complete player against the run who can hold up at the point of attack or chase down plays from the backside.  Bowers has been dealing with a knee injury, which has caused him to slide from once being considered a No. 1 overall candidate. But he is still one of this year's truly elite prospects.	Bowers is an extremely impressive blend of height, bulk and athleticism for a bigger defensive end.  Is very versatile.  Gets to the quarterback with a nice combination of initial burst and power and closes in a hurry.  Can anchor at the point of attack, use his strength and hands to get off blocks and jolt ball carriers with his short area explosion.
								Is an athletic big-man but doesn't possess ideal top-end speed.  Needs to do a better job of consistently playing low.  Technique, awareness and motor have steadily developed but must continue to do so.  Has dealt with some minor injuries during college career.
							
2011	Jurrell Casey	2495476	DL	USC	Casey is not the most impressive player on the hoof, but he has the strength and foot quickness to develop into a disruptive force at the next level.  His stocky build and lower body strength make him very difficult to move out of holes, and he uses his quick hands to effectively shed blockers.  He is not a refined pass rusher, but he has a relentless motor and will become more effective with improved hand placement and technique.  Casey is not athletic enough to be a three-technique at the next level, but he is a great run stopper and should be an early second-day pick.	Casey is thickly built with good speed.  Quick off the ball, plays with good leverage and anchors against the run.  Utilizes a strong punch to knock offensive lineman back on their heels and has fast hands to quickly disengage.  Powerful bull rusher that can collapse the pocket.  Flashes the ability to make tackles in space.
								A bit on the short side and struggles to get his hands inside the blocker's pads.  Lacks the ability to anticipate the snap and is a step late on occasion.  Does not show a repertoire of pass rushing counter moves and lacks a closing burst.  Tires quickly and must work on his physique and stamina.
							
2011	Wayne Daniels	2495477	DE	TCU	Daniels possesses enough ability and the mentality to contribute as a backup.  However, does not have the strength against the run or the quick-twitched burst as a pass rusher to be viewed as a potential future starter.  Likely only a fit as a 4-3 strongside end.  Is capable of bull rushing his way to the passer but doesn't wow you with a wide variety of moves or explosive athleticism around the edge.  Fights hard to hold up against the run and get off blocks but lacks consistency in both areas.  Daniels' relentless motor could be his ticket to a late-round selection or free agent deal.	Daniels displays an effective bull rush.  Can win the low-man battle and get into offensive tackles' bodies.  Flashes the ability to beat linemen with lateral quickness.  Does a good job establishing initial position against the run.  Plays with a great motor.  Never gives up when rushing the passer or chasing from the backside.
								Lacks height, overall body strength, and athleticism.  Doesn't fire off the ball or display a burst toward the quarterback.  Struggles to hold up at the point of attack when run at or facing a double-team.  Takes too long to get unblocked at times.  Lacks scheme-versatility.
							
2011	Marcell Dareus	2495478	DE	Alabama	Dareus is one of this class' finest prospects.  Possesses the athleticism and explosiveness to be consistently disruptive against the run and pass.  Hands that don't stop, sheds blockers quickly, and frequently uses the swim move to get to the quarterback.  Also has great power to push the pocket and stand his ground adequately when run at.  Blessed with great feet and outstanding lateral quickness.   Comfortable playing in space and likely capable of dropping into coverage.  Only question is his endurance and stamina.  Played in a rotation early and dealt with injuries as a junior.  Dareus will likely be a top-five pick, maybe even go No. 1 overall.	Dareus has a rare blend of size and speed.  Can hold his ground at the point of attack.  Gets off blocks in a hurry and shows excellent pursuit from the backside.  Explodes off the ball when rushing the passer.  Gets to the quarterback with power, quick moves and closing burst.  Good intangibles.
								Hard to find flaws in this guy's game.  Some have him pegged as a 3-4 defensive end but we don't feel he's at his best as a two-gap defensive lineman.  Played in a defensive line rotation for much of his college career and is still developing in-game stamina.
							
2011	Nick Fairley	2495479	DT	Auburn	Fairley was once considered the consensus top defensive tackle prospect in the 2011 class, but his attitude and work ethic might have caused him to slip on some boards. Still, he projects to be incredibly disruptive against the pass and run.  Nightmare to pass protect against.  Possesses great burst, hands that never stop moving, brute strength to push the pocket, and a vast arsenal of moves.  Against the run, keeps blockers away from his body, uses his height to find the football, and simply beats lineman with his quickness.  Can sniff out screens and draws.  There are almost no flaws with Fairley's physical tools, but his character and work habits should be checked out.  Regardless, he is certainly a top-five talent. 	Fairley has a really nice combination of size, speed and explosiveness.  Rare pass rushing talent.  Displays tremendous get off.  Can get to the quarterback with the bull rush, by shooting the gaps, can counter when initially stopped, and has a wide variety of moves.  Gets penetration against the run.  Great hands and motor.
								There are some questions about his character and off-the-field work-ethic.  Was academically ineligible out of high school and attended junior college.  Needs to watch his pad level against the run.  Can be pushed back by the double team.  Doesn't always keep his emotions in check.  Committed multiple personal foul penalties during junior season.
							
2011	John Graves	2495480	DT	Virginia Tech	Graves has a nice combination of length and speed which may fit nicely as a 3-4 defensive end or inside in a 4-3 but lacks the pure strength against the run or explosive pass-rushing ability coveted in starting defensive linemen.  Against the run, he flashes the ability to hold up at the point or potentially set the edge but doesn't provide an elite anchor and still needs to improve his hand play.  Flashes some redeemable pass-rushing qualities but doesn't possess great burst, a reliable bull rush or multiple moves.  Impressive motor and intangibles.  Graves is a late Day 3 prospect.	Graves has a nice frame and good mobility.  Does a pretty good job holding up against the run.  Flashes the ability to use his hands and length to keep blockers off his body.  Displays good get off.  Makes some plays in pursuit.  Plays hard through the whistle.  Good character.
								Lacks some bulk for an interior defensive lineman.  Bit of a thin base.  Can struggle to deal with the double-team.  Doesn't consistently display the ability to bull rush his way to the quarterback.  Doesn't possess a vast arsenal of pass-rushing moves.  Needs to refine his hand usage.
							
2011	Lawrence Guy	2495481	DT	Arizona State	Guy could become a solid backup 4-3 defensive tackle or develop into a 3-4 defensive end.  However, at this time, he does not provide much value rushing the passer and doesn't dominate enough against the run to be a starter.  Fires off the ball and can make plays in the backfield but doesn't close fast to the quarterback.  Is stout at the point of attack when positioning and technique are sound, but can be moved off the ball when playing too high or versus the double team.  Has great intangibles and tireless on-field work ethic.  Guy's a solid mid-round prospect.	Guy's a nice combination of size and mobility.  Has good get off.  Can penetrate with his quickness off the ball.  Despite height, plays low and can anchor at the point of attack.  Flashes the ability to push the pocket.  Displays an impressive motor.  Will chase from the backside and doesn't give up rushing the passer.
								Needs to find the football and disengage from blocks quicker.  Struggles to hold up against the double team.  Not a real threat as a pass rusher.  Doesn't possess a wide array of moves or show a closing burst to the quarterback. Hands need to become more active.
							
2011	Corey Liuget	2495483	DT	Illinois	Liuget belongs in the discussion with the other elite defensive tackles in this class.  Arguably this year's most productive DT against the run and also very active rushing the passer.  Fires off the ball, maintains sound positioning, has hands that never stop moving, gets off blocks quickly, and closes on ball-carriers and quarterbacks with speed and power.  Has the size and strength to move offensive lineman into the backfield.  Also comfortable tackling in space and has the awareness to diagnose screens and draws and bat down balls at the line.  Liuget has skyrocketed up draft boards this season and should be gone by the mid first.	Liuget has a big, sturdy build and outstanding speed.  Blessed with tremendous get off.  Sheds in a hurry, finds the football and closes violently against the run.  Does a great job pushing the pocket with a powerful bull rush.  Never stops working.  Tackles well in the open field and pursues from the backside.  Great Football IQ.
								Must nit-pick to find weaknesses in this kid's game.  Does not possess ideal height but still active batting down passes.  Lacks elite fluidity when getting to the quarterback but still a feared pass rusher.
							
2011	Robert Quinn	2495485	DE	North Carolina	Quinn did not play a down in 2010, but he has the potential to be a premier pass rusher at the next level.  He has an excellent first step and the burst to consistently get around the edge.  He is a relentless pass rusher that will only improve once he develops an array of counter moves.  He lacks the bulk to hold stout against the running game and can get overwhelmed by bigger blockers.  Quinn has no recent tape, but he has the rare skill set to be a double-digit sack artist in the NFL and will likely be a first-round pick.	Quinn has a large frame and a muscular build.  Explodes off the ball, shows good bend to get around the edge and has the closing burst to get after the quarterback.  Plays with good balance and has a strong initial punch.  Extremely fluid athlete that can make plays from the backside and flashes the ability to drop in coverage.
								Does not have the bulk to anchor against the run and will get pushed around in phone booth situations.  A bit late finding the ball and does not always feel the down block.  Lacks a repertoire of pass rushing moves.  Struggles to break down ball carriers in space.  Missed his entire junior season.
							
2011	Sealver Siliga	2495486	DT	Utah	Siliga looks like a future reserve in a 4-man front.  Has good size and can contribute against the run but can be neutralized with a double-team and doesn't offer much as a pass rusher.  Effective run stopper when he gets good hand and hat placement and uses his low center of gravity to get under blockers.  However, does not get off blocks quickly and doesn't possess the burst to shoot gaps and penetrate.  Overall effort is very good but just does not have the range or speed to make plays outside the box or close on the quarterback. 	Siliga has good size.  Establishes good initial position against the run.  Jars offensive lineman with violent hand punch.  Can hold up at the point of attack in one-on-one situations.  Displays the ability to bull rush to the passer at times.  Hard worker who plays to the whistle.
								Struggles to disengage from blockers.  Does not show the ability to consistently hold up against the double-team.  Range in backside run pursuit is limited.  Lacks the initial quickness off the ball to penetrate and make plays in the backfield.  Doesn't display counter-moves when bull rush is thwarted.  
							
2011	Aldon Smith	2495487	DE	Missouri	Smith has a chance to turn into a disruptive starting NFL 4-3 end if he can improve his strength and tenacity and become more stout against the run.  He's got so much potential. He's a fluid, natural pass rusher who overcomes lack of excellent get-off with terrific hand usage, elite lateral-mobility, very good closing speed, and a strong desire to get to the quarterback.  Provides some value maintaining outside contain, pursuing from the backside, and making plays outside of the box, but could struggle a bit against the downhill running game. Smith has steadily climbed his way into the first round.	Smith has outstanding height and length to go along with good speed.  Very smooth athlete for his size.  Can get to the passer with a variety of moves, impressive agility, and fast hands.  Can be disruptive against the run when he gets into the backfield.  Has the range to make plays on the backside.
								Needs to add some bulk but has the frame to do so.  Really needs to watch his pad level.  Must improve his ability to anchor at the point of attack.  Does not possesses elite initial burst for an edge player.  Would like to see more sustained effort in run pursuit.
							
2011	J.J. Watt	2495488	DE	Wisconsin	Watt is an ideal fit as a strong side 4-3 defensive end but some may like him more as a 3-4 end.  A hard-working, intelligent, relentless player.  Uses his hands extremely well to get off blocks both rushing the passer and against the run.  Doesn't possesses great initial quickness but closes hard and fast on the quarterback and has enough straight-lined speed to pursue from the backside.  Good height, fast hands and great anticipation allow him to bat down a ton of passes.  Watt will give you everything he's got and is certainly a first-round selection.	Watt has a good combination of size and speed.  Takes direct routes to the quarterback, uses his hands well to get unblocked and shows a closing burst. Knocks down a lot of passes.  Great hand usage against the run as well, keeps blockers off away from his frame and locates the ball-carrier.  Outstanding football IQ.  Non-stop motor.
								Won't consistently get the edge on tackles with his get off or quickness.  Plays high at times, can be blown off the ball by the double team, but does fight hard to hold ground.  Lacks some lateral mobility both rushing the passer and playing in space.  Will occasionally give up outside contain.
							
2011	Markus White	2495489	DE	Florida St.	White has very good size, enough athleticism, and appears to still have some upside which would allow him to contribute as a backup 4-3 weakside defensive end.  Probably lacks the first-step quickness, polish and stoutness against the run to be viewed as a future starter.  Displays some potential as a pass rusher but isn't overly explosive and needs technical refinement.  Adequate against the run but has difficulty anchoring against true road-graders or the double-team.  Can struggle to find the football at times.  Team captain with good character.  White might hear his named called on Day 3.	White has NFL-ideal measurables.  Flashes some burst and explosion as a pass rusher.  Capable of playing with leverage, setting the edge and maintaining outside contain.  Good tackler who can deliver some violent blows.  Plays hard and appears to be well conditioned.  Has good intangibles and is a hard worker.
								Needs to do a better job of getting off the football with better snap-count anticipation and more quickness.  Raw pass rusher who is still developing his arsenal of moves and ability to use his hands.  Struggles against the double-team.  Not a scheme-versatile prospect who can slide inside or stand up.  Instincts are below average.
							
2011	Muhammad Wilkerson	2495490	DT	Temple	Wilkerson is an elite 3-4 defensive end prospect with idea size, excellent shedding ability and the athleticism to pursue from the backside and rush the passer.  Jolts offensive lineman at the point of attack, can beat the double team, finds the football and makes plays against the run.  Does not have rare first-step quickness but can take a direct line through blockers to pressure the quarterback and has range against the run.  Despite size, is a three-down guy who plays with a high effort level for four quarters.  Wilkerson's stock has risen quickly and he could come off the board in the middle of round one.	Wilkerson's a prototypical blend of height, bulk and speed for a defensive tackle or five-technique.  Dominant against the run.  Has great get off, holds up at the point of attack, shows outstanding ability to shed, and very good closing burst to the ball.  Very effective power bull rusher.  Has good hands.  Good stamina.
								Hard to point out weaknesses in his game.  Does not possess elite initial quickness off the ball as a pass rusher or penetrating against the run but still good in this area.  Shows some nastiness on occasion but would like to see him play with a more consistent mean streak.
							
2011	Akeem Ayers	2495491	LB	UCLA	Ayers is very impressive on the hoof and he has the speed and athleticism to make an immediate impact at the next level.  He has the range and ball skills to play strong side linebacker in a 4-3, and the balance and closing burst to play outside linebacker in a 3-4.  He lacks the lower body strength to be stout against the run, but uses his long arms to keep blockers away from his body and flashes the ability to quickly shed.  Ayers is a versatile athlete with great measurables that projects to be selected in the middle of the first round.	Ayers is tall with a thick muscular build.  Possesses the speed to make plays from sideline-to-sideline.  Very capable edge rusher that shows good bend and a closing burst.  Very athletic kid that has the ball skills to make interceptions and flashes playmaking abilities.  Delivers violent shots tackling and uses his length to make plays even when he is out of position.
								A little late reading his keys and can get caught out of position.  Does not have the lower body strength to blow up blockers in run support.  Lacks consistent footwork in his back pedal and allows tight ends and backs to get behind him at times.  Tends to tackle a bit high.
							
2011	Justin Houston	2495493	LB	Georgia	Houston is a bit undersized as a traditional 4-3 defensive end but fits the mold of a 3-4 outside linebacker.  Gets off the ball quickly, has enough athleticism to get the corner, and can also use the bull rush but needs to do a better job after contact and widen his array moves.  Flashes the ability to keep blockers off his body, set the edge, get off blocks and make plays and make plays in pursuit but needs to show more intensity shedding and playing in a phone booth.  Has the athleticism to drop into coverage but may struggle in man.  Early Day 2 prospect.	Houston has good height, bulk and athleticism for a 3-4 outside linebacker.  Active pass rusher.  Displays good get off and can get the edge but also will utilize the bull rush.  When technique is sound, will maintain outside contain against the run.  Can pursue from the backside.  Has experience dropping into zone coverage.
								Could be more consistent with his hands while pass rushing and against the run when disengaging.  Needs to watch his pad level at times and can get washed out.  Awareness is still developing when finding the football.  Inconsistent effort against the run.  Potential liability in man coverage.
							
2011	Jeremiha Hunter	2495494	LB	Iowa	Hunter possesses enough size and athleticism to hang in the NFL as a backup linebacker but lacks elite playmaking abilities in the box, out in space, rushing the passer, or in coverage to be viewed as a potential starter down the line.  Reacts quickly to the football, works hard to shed blocks, and is a sure tackler but can be swallowed up by bigger blockers and isn't a true sideline-to-sideline defender.  Comfortable playing in zone coverage but isn't an impact pass rusher or well-suited to stick with playmakers in man coverage.  A hard-worker with solid character, Hunter should be selected on Day 3.	Hunter has a nice blend of size and speed for the next level.  Displays adequate on-field awareness.  Does a good job of finding the football and getting unblocked.  Flashes good range against the run and some explosion toward ball carriers.  Capable of playing in underneath zone coverage.  Good character guy.
								Slow to react versus run action at times.  Has difficultly holding his ground at the point of attack in tight quarters.  Displays some hip-stiffness when playing in space.  Adequate tackler but could be more consistent in space.  Raw pass-rusher.  Not a good matchup against athletic tight ends or running backs in man coverage.
							
2011	Martez Wilson	2495496	OLB	Illinois	Wilson is a pretty impressive physical specimen with good measurables.  Probably projects best as a strong side outside linebacker in a 4-3.  At that position, should be able to hold outside contain using his long arms and strength to keep tight ends off his body against the run, and jam at the line or pressure the quarterback in passing situations.   Is susceptible to good ball handling and doesn't show good awareness dropping into coverage.  Has character flags and endurance has been questioned.  However, Wilson's frame, straight-line speed, and upside will likely entice a franchise to select him on Day 2.	Wilson is a great looking prospect on the hoof with good height, length and speed.  Finds the football quickly.  Displays the ability to take on blockers, shed, and make plays close to the line.  Exhibits sideline-to-sideline ability.  Dangerous pass rusher off the edge who brings speed and power.  Has experience rushing with hand on the ground.
								Can be fooled by play-action and misdirection.  Unsound positioning and awareness in zone coverage.  High-cut player who needs to watch his pad level and battles hip stiffness on occasion.  Struggles to break down in space at times.  Has difficultly mirroring in man coverage after jamming.  Appears to lack adequate in-game stamina at times.
							
2011	Cortez Allen	2495497	DB	Citadel	Allen is blessed with the physical tools (great size) to eventually become a backup corner for a press-heavy team but is a raw prospect lacking the natural coverage instincts to develop into a starter.  Very capable of jamming receivers at the line but can struggle to mirror once in a trail position.  Utilizes his length and reach to rack up the pass break-ups and extend for difficult INTs but needs to show more aggressiveness on jump balls and when taking on blockers against the run. Instincts and awareness need to be developed.  Allen likely will be taken on Day 3.	Allen possesses outstanding size coupled with good speed for a corner prospect.  Comfortable in press-man coverage.  Uses his frame and length well to re-route receivers at the line.  Gets his hands on a lot of balls.  Can come down with the tough INT.  Holds up well in jump-ball battles.
								Awareness is lacking.  Doesn?t do the little things in coverage to maximize natural gifts.  Late reacting from off-man coverage.  Angular, high-cut player who displays some hip-stiffness.  Struggles to stick with quicker, savvy route-runners.  Must improve in run support.  Needs to become more consistent with angles and positioning.
							
2011	Brandon Burton	2495498	DB	Utah	Burton could become a great starting corner for a team with a press-heavy scheme.  Very adept at disrupting receivers releasing off the line and can flip his hips but may struggle to recover when beaten by top NFL deep threats.  Does a good job reading the passer in off-man coverage and closes quickly after the catch but could do a better job of recognizing run.  Has the mentality and physical tools to eventually improve in run support but takes too long to shed and is only adequate at breaking down in space.  	Burton has a nice combination of height and speed.  Uses his length to jam and re-route receivers at the line and shows the ability to recover.  Does a nice job in off-man reacting to the football in front of him.  Can rack up the PBUs and break up the jump ball.  
								High-cut player who isn't overly smooth and idles down in-and-out of breaks.  Only shows average awareness in zone coverage.  Does not possess the hands to routinely come down with interceptions. Struggles to disengage from blocks in run support.  A tick slow diagnosing run.  Still developing as a tackler.
							
2011	Brandon Harris	2495499	DB	Miami	Harris is a true gamer that is at his best when the lights are on and he has the tools to become a starting cornerback at the next level.  He excels in man coverage, as he is explosive with an elite closing burst and he has very fluid hips to maintain speed in transition.  He also shows very good instincts when lined up one-on-one, but he seems confused at times in zone coverage and can get caught out of position.  His press skills are still raw, but he is a strong kid with a tireless work ethic and he should be a mid-to-late first round pick.	Harris is tall enough with good bulk.  Quick-footed athlete that transitions smoothly to mirror in man coverage.  Possesses excellent closing speed when the ball is in the air.  Shows great timing on jump balls and has reliable hands.  Takes proper angles in run support and does not shy away from contact.  Fierce competitor and hard worker.
								Lacks the instincts in zone coverage to jump routes and can be caught out of position at times.  Struggles to consistently reroute bigger receivers in press coverage.  Will not always break down the ball carrier in the open field and tends to launch himself when tackling.
							
2011	Will Hill	2495500	FS	Florida	Hill has the frame, athleticism and ceiling for development to eventually become a quality starting safety.  However, currently lacks overall consistency and awareness.  Capable of playing the point, the deep half and coving tight ends and bigger receivers in man coverage.  May struggle against savvy route-runners and shifty slots.  Flashes the ability to be really productive against the run but doesn't appear to always play with enough aggressiveness in this area.  Has good ball skills but needs to be more physical in 50-50 situations.  His value in enhance by extensive special teams coverage experience.  Hill's not there yet, but will still be a mid-round pick.	Hill has ideal size and good speed.  Very smooth athlete.  Can close in a hurry.  Very comfortable in deep cover-2 and capable of playing center field.  Possesses good hands and takes good routes to the football.  Flashes the ability to be very productive and physical in run support.  Excels on special teams coverage units.
								Instincts and awareness still need work.  Can be a tick late reacting to receivers in his zone or coming up in run support.  Sucked in by play-action at times.  Bit of a high-cut guy who may have trouble mirroring quicker slots.  Needs to be more consistently physical against the run.  
							
2011	Mark Legree	2495501	FS	Appalachian St.	Legree possesses the football IQ, measureables, and hands to provide valuable depth as a reserve safety.  However, lacks elite ability in coverage and isn't productive enough against the run.  Shows very good instincts in zone coverage, peeking into the backfield, anticipating routes, and making plays on the football but does not react as well to the run.  Very capable in deep half coverage but won't be a good matchup in man coverage in the NFL.  Flashes the ability to be a physical hitter but needs to become more reliable as a tackler an in run support.  Legree's a mid-round prospect.	Legree has adequate size and speed.  Displays good awareness on the field.  Helps with pre-snap alignment and can jump routes.  Has the ability to play the deep half.  Exhibits great ball skills.  Will high-point the football and make plays far outside his frame with an extended hand.
								Likely does not have the athleticism to stick with NFL slots in man coverage.  Inconsistent in run support.  Tick late reacting upfield on occasion.  Doesn't always wrap up and isn't very comfortable tackling in space.  Struggles to shed blocks.  Doesn't always maintain sound positioning against the run.
							
2011	Curtis Marsh	2495502	DB	Utah St.	Marsh is a high cut corner that struggles in transition, but he has very long arms and could contribute in a press heavy scheme.  He lacks the hip fluidity to play in off man coverage, but he is a good presser and is fast enough to turn and run with receivers.  He uses his long arms to break up passes even when he is giving a step, and also has the body control and hands to pick off passes.  Marsh is a limited prospect due to his tight hips, but he is fast and long and could be a mid-to-late round pick.	Marsh is tall with a great frame.  Uses long arms to effectively press and reroute receivers at the line.  Shows a closing burst when the ball is in the air.  Excels in jump ball situations and has reliable hands to make interceptions.  Willing tackler in run support that always wraps.
								Lacks the hip fluidity to stick in man coverage and will not be able to contribute over the slot in sub packages.  A moment slow recognizing routes and can be fooled by play action.  Takes poor angles in run support and struggles to break down ball carriers in the open field.
							
2011	Rahim Moore	2495503	FS	UCLA	Moore is a true difference maker at the safety position, and he projects to be an immediate starter at the next level.  He is extremely rangy with the deep speed to hold up in cover-3, and he has a great closing burst when the ball is in the air.  His high cut frame gives him the look of a wide receiver and he has the playmaking abilities to be a ball hawk.  He also has great instincts and always seems to be in the right position in coverage.  Moore might be the top safety in the class and will likely go before the end of the first round.	Moore is long with a muscular build.  Has excellent range to be a true centerfielder and cover the deep middle.  Shows great awareness in zone coverage and the ability to recognize and jump routes.  Possesses terrific hand-eye coordination and comes down with interceptions in traffic.  Reads quickly, fills fast and does not shy away from contact in run support.
								Plays a bit high and will not always be able to stick with shiftier slot receivers in man coverage.  Very aggressive player that can get beat on occasion with ball fakes.  Lacks ideal bulk and struggles to disengage from blockers in run support.  Leaves his feet too often when tackling.
							
2011	Patrick Peterson	2495504	DB	LSU	Peterson is built like a safety, has the speed of a corner and is an elite playmaker.  He has the explosion and range to play on an island and the instincts to be effective in zone heavy schemes.  He has elite ball skills and is a shifty runner that is a nightmare to take down in the open field.  He is a supremely confident kid that always looks to make plays, but at times can get burned by ball fakes and double moves.  Peterson is a freakishly talented football player and might very well be the first corner back in the draft's history to be taken No. 1 overall.	Peterson is a monster corner with good speed.  Possesses terrific footwork and the hip fluidity to mirror in man coverage.  Displays a strong press and uses his hands to effectively reroute receivers.  Smooth athlete that tracks the ball well in the air and has the body control and hands to make interceptions.  Willing tackler with sound technique.
								Does not have elite recovery speed and will not always close the gap when the ball is in the air.  Over aggressive player that can be beat by play action and double moves.  Struggles at times anticipating routes.  Lacks the ability to consistently shed blocks in run support.
							
2011	Robert Sands	2495505	FS	West Virginia	Sands is a well-rounded safety prospect with rare size, good speed, and a physical mentality and could become an excellent starter in the NFL.  Can erase the deep half and hold up in centerfield.  Makes a lot of plays on the ball with his range, large frame and good hands.  On-field awareness is solid but still developing.  Tough player who fills quickly in run support, will take on blockers, and supplies an intimidating presence over the middle in coverage.  Main flaw is a lack of short-area quickness and fluidity in man coverage.  Sands could hear his name called early on Day 2.	Sands is a tall, rangy, high-cut safety.  Speed is better-than-average.  Covers a lot of ground after reaching top speed.  Can play the point or deep half.  Huge catch radius and good hands to pull down the tough interception.  Willing, aggressive and productive in run support and coverage over the middle.  Sure-tackler.  Displays solid awareness.
								Like most high-cut athletes, suffers from some hip stiffness.  Struggles a bit in transition.  Not a good matchup against shifty slot receivers in man coverage.  Instincts and ability to jump routes are adequate but still improving.  Struggles to break down and make tackles in space at times.
							
2011	Tyler Sash	2495506	SS	Iowa	Sash brings impressive football intelligence and excellent effort in run support to the table but probably lacks the range and athleticism in coverage to become a full-time starter.  However, he'll likely provide excellent depth and contribute on special teams coverage units.  Can play the deep half but is a liability in centerfield or when asked to matchup with tight ends or slots in man coverage.  Does possess hands when he limits separation and is around the football.  Flies to the ball in run support and is a sound tackler.  Coachable player who will learn your system quickly.  Sash carries a mid-round grade.	Sash has nice size.  Displays good awareness and football smarts.  Stays in solid position.  Comes up hard and fast in run support.  Doesn't over pursue and is a reliable tackler.  Comfortable in deep half zone coverage.  Flashes impressive ball skills and comes down with interceptions.  Good intangibles, hard-worker.
								Struggles in coverage, especially man coverage.  Ability to play the point is below average.  Does not appear fluid when shadowing in man or flipping his hips to turn and run.  Can be boxed out by taller tight ends with ball skills.  Susceptible to the double-move.
							
2011	Richard Sherman	2495507	DB	Stanford	Sherman is a size prospect with some good intangibles that will help him mold into a contributing backup corner for a press-heavy team.  However, he does not possess the natural coverage instincts, fluidity or burst to be considered a future starter.  Is comfortable and capable in press man, using his size to disrupt receivers' releases off the line, but doesn't show enough make up speed to consistently recover when beaten.  Awareness in zone and off-man are only adequate. Has average ball skills but some upside as a playmaker.  Tough against the run but still developing from a technical standpoint.  Sherman is a Day 3 prospect.	Sherman possesses rare height for a corner with enough bulk and speed.  Effective when lined up at the line in press man coverage.  Uses length well and established sound initial positioning.  Flashes the ability to turn and run.  Flashes the ability to high-point the football.  Willing to help out in run support.
								Can be baited out of position when in zone and a tick late to diagnose underneath routes.  Tall, high-cut prospect who displays some hip-stiffness.  Not explosive when transitioning or when changing direction.  Lacks great recovery skills when beaten off the line.  Can struggle tacking in the open field at times.
							
2011	Jerrard Tarrant	2495509	FS	Georgia Tech	Tarrant is a boom-or-bust prospect with NFL size and speed but lacks the refined skill-set and intangibles to be relayed upon at this time.  He's a playmaker roaming in zone coverage and against the run but currently takes too many chances and is caught out of position too often.  Has the range and speed to play center field and make plays on the ball but can be a liability in man coverage and gets sucked in by play-action.  Has natural hands and return experience.  Is aggressive in run support but needs to tighten-up his routes to the ball-carrier.  There's a lot of talent here, but Tarrant's a Day 3 prospect.	Tarrant has enough size for the next level.  Possesses the top-end speed and range to play the deep half or the point.  Displays some impressive straight-lined explosion.  Flashes playmaking ability.  Has good hands and is a threat after the catch.  Fills hard and fast in run support.  Has return experience.
								Takes too many chances and is susceptible to play fakes.  Doesn't possess the lateral agility to match up with quick receivers in man coverage.  Angles of pursuit against the run must improve.  Needs to become a more sure tackler.  Character needs to be investigated - suspended or 2008 season (legal issue).
							
2011	Aaron Williams	2495510	DB	Texas	Williams is a confident corner that should be able to contribute immediately as a nickel back.  He lacks the hip fluidity to play on an island at the next level, but he has experience lining up over the slot and maintains proper position to take away the easy crossing routes.  When the ball is in the air, he has a great closing burst and the superb hands to make plays even on errant throws.  He is aggressive in run support, but lacks the fundamentals to make tackles in the open field.  Williams is good football player and should be an early second day pick.	Williams is a long corner with great closing speed.  Well-prepared player that is always in sound position and quickly recognizes routes.  Possesses excellent ball skills and has the hands to pluck the ball away from bigger receivers.  Has quick feet to mirror slot receivers in man coverage.  Willing tackler that consistently wraps.
								Over aggressive at times making him vulnerable to play action and double moves.  A bit stiff in the hips and will lose speed in transition in man coverage.  Does not show a strong press at the line.  Can take poor angles in run support and struggles breaking down ball carriers in the open field.
							
2011	Nate Williams	2495511	SS	Washington	Williams is a big-hitting safety who lacks the range to be a starter at the next level.  He is very comfortable playing inside the box, as he wades through traffic effectively and almost always tackles what he hits.  However, he does not have the explosion or deep speed to be effective in coverage and is far from a ball hawk with just one career interception.  He is a fierce competitor that has added value on special teams due to his ability as a tackler.  Williams will likely be a rookie free agent, but could sneak into the later rounds.	Williams has good length and a muscular build.  Flashes the ability to anticipate routes and delivers fierce shots to separate the man from the ball.  Fluid through the hips and can stick with tight ends in man coverage.  Downhill player that is an excellent tackler.  Team leader and very coachable.
								Lacks the speed to cover the deep middle and the burst to close when the ball is in the air.  Rarely plays the ball and does not have the hands or ball skills to make interceptions.  Can be fooled by misdirection and can get caught out of position.  Takes poor pursuit angles at times in run support.
							
2012	Emmanuel Acho	2532781	OLB	Texas	Acho is a strong physical talent out of Texas who has been a productive force inside for the Longhorns the past two years. There are certain hitches in his athletic ability and running motion that inhibit him on the field, but he shows up consistently and knows how to tackle and play well in the box. He has shown the ability to be a special teamer at the next level and seems to have the temperamant to contribute there. He is a fifth- or sixth-round talent based on his ability to contribute early.	Acho is an instinctual inside linebacker who usually takes a good first step toward the ball off the snap. He is good to meet running backs inside and fill a gap, if not two, to make a play and get the ball carrier to the ground. Acho is good when having to sift through blockers outside, and is a better tackler from the inside/out in pursuit than he is meeting at the point. He understands how to time blitzes and work against offensive lineman to get pressure on the quarterback. 
								Acho can get dominated by bigger offensive lineman and struggles to disengage at times. He is a decent athlete who can look awkward when pursuing long or dropping in his pass set at times. He is a bit undersized and can't maul tight ends at the line to get them off route, and struggles in coverage when having to run with them. Other than on special teams, won't be a very reliable inside presence early on.
							
2012	Joe Adams	2532782	WR	Arkansas	Adams has been an electrifying player in his senior year at Arkansas. Many will remember his punt return against Tennessee earlier in the year, and that would be a good representation of the type of explosiveness and talent Adams will bring to the next level. Though he does have the skills to excel at the wide receiver position, his ability to return kicks immediately will boost his value in many teams' minds. He has good vision in the open field and the explosiveness and agility to make people miss and turn upfield. The type of returner/receiver who looks to score each time he has the ball, Adams will look to contribute in many facets at the next level and should expect to be picked somewhere in the second round. 	Adams has an agility and quick burst that makes it possible for him to make one move and see daylight. This serves him well as a returner and a slot receiver. He is a natural, savvy ball carrier and displays a smoothness when catching bubble screens and quick passes of that sort. His best trait is his ability to separate at the top of routes even when blanketed. He can stick his foot in the ground to snap out of his breaks. Corners often inadvertently fly by as he snaps off curl routes. He is a patient runner who runs fluidly and even has the athletic ability to change speeds and set corners up in-phase before breaking hard one way to get himself open. He has the long speed to get open deep. He has a professional understanding of how to run routes at his size and stem off the ball to gain separation. He is a very polished receiver, and his athletic ability should serve him well at the next level working out of the slot.
								Adams is not a very tough player in traffic, and he uses his body to try to secure the catch too often, which leads to drops. He is hesitant as a blocker and not strong enough to keep corners engaged. He needs to play more physical at to be effective at the next level.
							
2012	Mike Adams	2532783	OT	Ohio St.	Adams has flashed talent at left tackle for the Buckeyes, not allowing many sacks when actually on the field. Suspensions for violating team rules and his part in Ohio State's "Tattoo Five" scandal, as well as various injuries, have kept him on the sideline too often during his career. He is a rather un-exciting prospect who can do the job and has the frame for the next level, but is more of a backup option at first and would struggle if thrown into a starting role. Based off his experience at a big-time school and frame, he has late round talent at the position.	Adams has a good frame and just-good enough footwork to not get beat at the collegiate level. He employs a decent pass set to get back and anchor himself against the bull rush, and has the footwork to shuffle and keep his feet chopping when blocking to drive a man downfield in the run game. His big-game experience playing so many years and games at Ohio State helps his value.
								Adams is not a very exciting player and can struggle at times with effort-based issues that don't allow him to get much movement on the line when run blocking. He is more of a catch and react blocker than one who delivers blows, and will need to play with more fire and look to unleash his inner-athleticism to be able to succeed at the next level. Those suspensions and injuries will also eat away at his draft stock.
							
2012	Levy Adcock	2532784	T	Oklahoma St.	Adcock was a late bloomer in college. He has an unorthodox style and labors in many of his movements. He looks off-balance and sloppy at times, but he is effective. Teams may have a tough time drafting such an unconventional blocker early, but the big-bodied tackle does have middle- to late-round value for a team willing to develop his skills.	Adcock is an effective blocker in all facets, albeit unconventional. He is quick off the ball to get into blocks, and he can maintain them even though he may struggle to keep balance. He is a hard worker who keeps his legs churning.
								Adcock is constantly falling off blocks and struggling to break down at the second level. He displays technique issues and teams may not want to spend the time it will take to develop his skills.
							
2012	Chas Alecxih	2532785	DT	Pittsburgh	Alecxih was a former walk-on who earned a scholarship at Pitt and this effort shows in his play. He has size for the position and could even be moved outside to DE in a 3-4 scheme based on his athletic ability. He is savvy when playing both the run and pass and a reliable and productive tackle for a DT. He is effective in all areas but not great in any and has third- or fourth-round talent as a big body up front.	Alecxih plays with a motor and is quick off the line of scrimmage. He is an urgent player who has versatility to play along the line. He is good to work and find the ball when engaged and can bull rush when rushing the pass.
								Alecxih doesn't use his hands well to fight blocks and can labor to get downfield in chase. He is an OK tackler up front but struggles in space. His athletic ability can be exposed in the open field.
							
2012	Antonio Allen	2532786	SS	South Carolina	Allen is an experienced SEC defensive back who has played the rover position for South Carolina and is a versatile defender. He is very active and plays the run extremely well. Some will question his value as a safety because he didn't play the true safety position in college, but his athletic ability and tendency to be actively involved in every play in the box gives him value to teams looking to add run support. He is somewhat limited in pass defense due to playing so close in the box, but he has third-round value and could ascend from there.	Allen is a superior run defender who played in close to the box often at South Carolina. He is good to shuffle and work over the top of linebackers, and then trigger a drive step to break on short passes or get after a runner outside. He is a very firm and reliable tackler in space which gives great added value to teams as a safety. He can blanket-cover tight ends out of press which was his specialty at South Carolina.
								The fact that Allen didn't start at a true safety position in college hurts his value. He struggles at times in transition and in a traditional backpedal and will need work here as he adapts to safety in the pros.
							
2012	Jeff Allen	2532787	T	Illinois	Allen has been a starter for four years on the offensive line for Illinois. He has size and has played on the right and left side, and for this he has good value as a backup at the next level. He has decent athletic ability and strength but understands how to not get beat, and his overall versatility and experience combine to make him a sixth- or seventh-round talent.	Allen is going to make it at the next level based on his versatility across the line to be inserted in a number of positions. He has shown traits to play four of the five positions on the line (all but center). He is more of a grabber who waits for defenders to come to him when pass protecting, but he uses his hands well to keep defenders at bay. He employs decent footwork in his pass set and when in space pulling. He is a good mirror/shield blocker and doesn't get upfield powerfully very often, but it's rare that you see his man get behind him.
								Allen is not a flashy blocker and is a bit of a slow mover at times. He doesn't necessarily excel at either the tackle or guard spots and is a bit of a tweener. There could be some exploitation of his athletic ability at the next level. 
							
2012	Mark Asper	2532788	G	Oregon	Asper has shifted between guard and tackle during his career in Eugene, moving inside again as a senior to guard because of team needs. An older prospect who was out of school for two years on a religious mission, his age defines him as a player and prospect. All teams will love his athletic ability and experience playing in space in the Oregon spread-option attack, but some teams consider his age (27) a sign of maturity, while others downgrade him because he is well into his prime. Regardless, Mark would serve well working at either tackle or guard for a team with a heavy zone-blocking scheme where drive blocking and fitting on second level players is key. Look for him to be a middle-round pick and viable starting option early.	Asper is an athletic mover who can fit onto blocks on the second level with ease. He is a versatile offensive lineman who has experience playing well in space. When he moves to the second level he plays with urgency and understands angles to get there. Asper is a mature player who understands how to play to his strengths and keep his man in front of him so he can continue to work his quick feet. He is an excellent wall-off blocker, as this is common in Oregon's zone blocking scheme.
								Oregon has a very specific and unique zone blocking scheme where lineman need to be athletic but don't sustain for long periods of time. Although Asper has shown the ability to sustain, there could be an adjustment period for him there. His age may also be a detriment to some teams.
							
2012	Mark Barron	2532789	SS	Alabama	Barron is an imposing defender on the back end for Nick Saban?s Crimson Tide. He screams "professional defensive back" from preparation, to warm-ups, to in-game productivity and presence. A stalwart at the position, he has the size and athletic ability to contribute right away in the NFL. He is a safety with great range and ball skills to make big plays, and also is a contributor in run support to use his size and instincts to be an active defender. Barron?s combination of size, speed, production and football instincts project him to be a top-50 pick. 	Barron reads routes and fills in run support well, and has the hands and reactions to make plays on the ball. Given his size and instincts, he is often around the ball and uses his size and natural ability to make plays. He is a sure tackler and puts himself in great position to make plays with sound foot technique for his size. Barron transitions well in coverage and can cover a variety of offensive players in different positions. He comes downfield with a head of steam in the run game and can move fluidly to run down and cover fast receivers in the pass. 
								Barron has a tendency to get lazy with his backpedal and hesitates in transition due to his size, but this does not effect him often. He will launch himself at times into the ball carrier, which could prove to be a fault at the next level. Barron has displayed many pro traits throughout his career and while he may not step in and be an All-Pro, he has shown few weaknesses in his game while competing at the collegiate level.
							
2012	Travis Benjamin	2532790	WR	Miami	Benjamin has been a big-play threat for the Hurricanes over the years. Initially an electric return specialist only, he eventually became an effective pass-catching option. He is undersized but shows speed to get past safeties, and the route-running savvy to outwork corners and separate from them to make plays on the ball. He will be somewhat limited in his transition to the NFL due to his size, but there are many receivers of his stature that have shown the ability to overcome this at the next level. Benjamin has third- to fourth-round value due to his speed, ability to separate and experience as a returner.	Benjamin is a good route runner and understands how to get open at the top of routes and use his explosive movements to his advantage. As a returner, he is a "one cut and go" runner who can break for daylight. The key to his game as a receiver is his ability to get open, and he doesn't shy away from contact despite his stature. He will be a true deep threat at the next level who runs crisp intermediate routes, as well, and can be productive if he gets off the line of scrimmage.
								Benjamin is extremely undersized and bases his entire game around his speed and quickness. He has a hard time getting off the line of scrimmage if not given a free release. He lacks the strength or size to recover if jammed by a more physical receiver. Benjamin has also struggled throughout his career to create any production in traffic. His preference is to be outside on the perimeter, away from contact, which could be his Achilles heel if moved into the slot.
							
2012	Jake Bequette	2532791	DE	Arkansas	Bequette has been a strong player for Arkansas, though his productivity can be attributed less to great athletic ability than competitiveness and intelligence. He stands out as a leader and high-energy player for the Razorbacks. He possesses the strength to rush and set the edge and hold his ground in the run game, where he can battle well against bigger linemen and chase hard until the end of the play. He is a solid tackler once around the ball, and pursues plays from the backside with high effort and consistency. His versatility across the line gives him good value for NFL teams, especially those running a 3-4. Look for him to be a late-round selection for a team looking for versatility and run support along its defensive line.	Bequette is a strong run defender. He can set the edge well and fight off blocks. He shows up at the end of plays as a high-effort player. His size and length will be assets when tackling ball carriers at the next level. Bequette also runs well for his size, which allows him to close on ball carriers.
								Bequette is not the greatest athlete for his size and often gets lost when double-teamed. While strong in the run game, he is seldom a factor in the passing game. He needs to improve his rush technique and hands to be able to get through blocks and into the pocket. Bequette rarely plays to his timed speed.
							
2012	Justin Bethel	2532792	CB	Presbyterian	Bethel has started four years for the Presbyterian College Blue Hose. He is athletic and possesses good size for the position, but is also regarded as a very heady player who influences receivers with physicality from the boundary corner spot. He is an interesting late-round prospect based on his athletic ability and skills supporting the run.	Bethel is a very effective pass and run defender, and is physical when tackling and also when up working on the line of scrimmage in man. He has athletic ability that translates well to reacting to the ball in man, and the explosiveness to come down field and make plays in zone.
								There are concerns about the level of competition Bethel faced in college and how much of a learning curve he will have at the next level. He is a smart player but can get caught flat-footed at times in man. He takes false steps off the snap and labors into his back pedal, all things he will need to work on while transitioning into the NFL.
							
2012	Philip Blake	2532793	C	Baylor	Blake is a Canadian native who didn't play football until his senior year of high school. After two years at Champlain Regional College and a year at Tyler Junior College, Blake has been a three-year starter and leader of the offensive line at Baylor that protected quarterback Robert Griffin III in his Heisman-winning campaign. He has good size for the position and is continuing to improve as a player, making him a solid late-round talent.	Blake is a large body who fits well on his blocks. Once there, he can sustain and fight to stay involved. He is quick when pulling. He will stay in front and mirror defenders in his pass set and has been a stalwart for Griffin and the Baylor offense up front.
								Blake is still a developing talent, displaying average athletic ability and skill sets across the board. He's had a tough time against more athletic movers throughout his career and will need time before starting at the next level.
							
2012	Robert Blanton	2532794	CB	Notre Dame	Blanton has been a reliable, if not flashy, corner for Notre Dame throughout his career. He is the type of athlete who could get an NFL team through a game at the position but has work to do to qualify as a starter at this point. He is a heady prospect who plays to his strengths and understands footwork and technique while working in man, although he is not the natural type of athlete who can run freely with any receiver. Blanton has third-round value as a backup option as an outside corner or possibly even at the nickel spot.	Blanton can cover in both man and zone and provide support in run defense. He has a ton of experience playing nickel in the slot and should be able to provide depth there at the next level. He can recognize routes and jump them quickly in zone, and use his long arms to recover and make plays on the ball in man. Despite small inconsistencies in his technique he can rely on his size and length to make plays.
								Blanton has struggled in his back pedal and in his technique at the top of routes, though he can stick his foot in the ground after recognizing action to redirect himself when off-line. He has a tendency to widen his feet and lose ground, which could prove costly at the next level. He also lacks elite corner speed to be put on an island in man coverage against better NFL receivers.
							
2012	Jamie Blatnick	2532795	DE	Oklahoma St.	Blatnick started full-time at defensive end for the first time as a senior, after starting seven games in 2010. He is physical, a bit slow but quick off the ball. He excels as a run defender, and his edge play and overall strength for his size (under 270 pounds) could make him attractive to 3-4 teams looking to move him outside to linebacker. That versatility could allow him to move up as far as the fifth round.	Blatnick is a strong player who can jolt lineman at the point of attack and hold the edge to keep plays inside. Can set his hips to get his hands extended under a lineman's chin and hold him there until he uses his strong hands to shed and move toward the ball. Moves well laterally to burst toward the ball. Good at getting tight ends off their routes. Can even hold off lineman and tight ends with one arm while he diagnoses the play and sheds.
								Blatnick does not look natural when moving in space, which could put a "tweener" label on him, causing teams to shy away from moving him outside to linebacker. Functional covering tight ends but struggles to stay with them deep down the field.
							
2012	Omar Bolden	2532796	CB	Arizona State	Bolden was a productive three-year starter at left corner for Arizona State. He missed the final eight games of the 2009 season due to injury and sat out in 2011 with a torn anterior cruciate ligament, so his recovery and return are integral to his value. When healthy, he is a big, athletic cover corner with second-round value and the ability to start immediately.	Bolden is a superb cover corner capable of playing on an island. He is at his best in bump-and-run coverage, where he can recover after stabbing. He is also effective in zone, where he can trigger his foot and drive to make a play on the ball. He has speed to start at the next level and the body control to adjust on a ball while covering at full speed.
								Bolden has played inconsistently and can get caught looking in the backfield while playing zone. He is a solid all-around prospect, but he may have trouble working out of the slot early in his career in sub-nickel packages, as he solely has worked outside at Arizona State.
							
2012	Brandon Bolden	2532797	RB	Mississippi	It would be easy to dismiss Bolden on character concerns, but looking past those issues leaves you a talented, athletic prospect with early-round potential. Bolden has a slasher-type style and has been productive against top competition for Ole Miss. He has had team suspension issues in the past, and sometimes looks undisciplined in his play. Once he has the ball in his hands, however, he is a smooth and effective runner who is a fourth-round talent capable of breaking a big play on any touch.	Bolden is a powerful runner who not only can break through arm tackles, but usually will run through the first defender. He is decisive to hit the hole as an inside runner and is patient for his blocks to develop. He can get low and hide behind blockers before sticking his foot in the ground to either move hard laterally or up the field to burst through to the second level. He looks good when initiating a hard drop step to bounce outside, and once there can outrun defenders to the perimeter. Bolden is reliable both in taking care of the ball and gaining yards with power or speed.
								Most concerns about Bolden surround his past suspensions and not his ability to carry the ball. Although he is big and physical, he can look haphazard at times when pass protecting; this facet of his game needs to improve before he sees a lot playing time early in his career.
							
2012	Brandon Boykin	2532798	CB	Georgia	Boykin started for three years at cornerback for the Georgia Bulldogs. He is a superior athlete, even in the SEC, and relies on his speed and quick-twitched feet to cover. He is a very flexible and athletic mover who needs to improve his technique to cover at the next level the way he did in college. He is an intriguing prospect for teams who want to develop his technique and are willing to overlook his stature. He has value as a nickel corner immediately and should be selected near the middle of the third round.	Boykin is the perfect athlete for the corner position. He makes hip flipping and backpedaling look natural, and uses elasticity in his legs and the rest of his body to mirror closely in man coverage. Although he is shorter than many corners, he rose to grab passes and adjusted his body to intercept tipped balls numerous times at Georgia. He is a burner as a runner and can recover to run with almost any receiver in the NFL. He can trail receivers well throughout their routes and effortlessly flip his hips to stay with them in transition. He is a cover corner who can also play well up-close despite his smaller stature.
								Boykin is a smaller corner, measuring in at 5-foot-9, 181 pounds. He struggles when tackling and has to drag players down. He isn't very strong and can fall off players when attempting to tackle. He is sometimes slow to react to balls even if he is running side by side with a receiver. He will likely struggle against bigger, more physical wideouts in the league.
							
2012	Jarrett Boykin	2532799	WR	Virginia Tech	Boykin is an athletic receiver with a ton of size. He is a slow mover who is not taking the top off any NFL defenses, but his long strides make him look fluid in the open field running intermediate routes. He has good hands and a large catch radius to go up and get the ball. Teams needing a red-zone threat and a receiver who can snag the ball on timing routes will consider him a fifth-round talent.	Boykin is quick off the line and is good to release outside and stem his routes, but can also get back on top of a defender when running vertically. He is flexible and can drop his weight with ease to break and separate from cornerbacks. He is a good option in short and intermediate routes and a catcher who can adjust to the ball well to bring in nearly every ball thrown his way. He is physical downfield and makes his presence felt on the edge in the run game.
								Boykin is a slow receiver who struggles to make plays happen deep. He can catch the ball from anywhere and can be an option even when covered, but will struggle to run against NFL corners and could potentially get blanketed. He is not elusive after the catch by any stretch of the imagination, though he can break arm tackles from smaller cornerbacks.
							
2012	Nigel Bradham	2532800	OLB	Florida St.	Bradham is an impressive specimen at the linebacker position. He is physically imposing and a strong player who is a feared tackler in the ACC. He will bring a physical presence to the NFL and make big plays early on in special teams. He has speed and has been productive for Florida State, but has struggled to find the field at times and will be somewhat of a project at the next level. Either way, teams will love his special teams ability early on.	Bradham is a very physical and reliable tackler working from his outside linebacker position. He can jolt an offensive lineman and get outside to make plays and tackle running backs. He is quick to react to the outside run, chasing it down from the inside-out. He is a reliable jump-and-dive tackler who excels when pursuing the ball in the open field. He is also an effective blitzer and just as able to defend the run between the tackles. He is good to sink his hips and fit on running backs.
								Bradham can be slow to recognize plays and get either into his pass drop or come up to make the play. He is athletic enough to recover from this hesitation at the collegiate level but will struggle if he can't become a more instinctual player in the NFL.
							
2012	Andre Branch	2532801	DE	Clemson	Branch is a tall, physical and athletic defensive end who could be moved to outside linebacker for a 3-4 team. He possesses the pass rush ability to regularly beat NFL linemen and disrupt the passer, either standing up or with his hand on the ground. This scheme versatility and pass rush ability could help him to be selected as early as the late second round of this year's draft.	Branch is an athletic big man who has great flexibility, which he uses to dip around lineman and get in the backfield. He has an uncanny ability to defeat blocks and move around lineman, and the burst to close once there. He uses his hands well and sets the edge nicely when working in the run game. His ability to rush the passer is his shining trait and the primary reason for his value.
								Branch is less effective defending the run than he is against the pass. He will play high at times and can get overpowered by two blockers, all the more reason why there are growing discussions of moving him to linebacker at the next level.
							
2012	Lavon Brazill	2532802	WR	Ohio	Brazill is a deep threat who shows athletic ability when going up for the ball. Has started since his freshman year. Has sixth-round value based off his reliable hands and serviceability as a kick returner.	Brazill is a savvy route runner who is quick and explosive off the line. Can sink his hips at the top of routes and vary his speed to keep defenders guessing. Has strong hands, good focus when reaching for the ball and is not a fumbling threat. Can extend the field and is a deep threat not because of his speed, but his ability to stick a foot in the ground and jump off one leg at full speed and extend for the ball.
								Brazill is a deep threat who struggles running technical intermediate routes. Will drift off his routes at times while the ball is thrown. Nonexistent blocking for the run game, needs to be much more physical in that phase.
							
2012	Michael Brewster	2532803	C	Ohio St.	Brewster has been the reliable frontman for Ohio State through some trying years on offense for the Buckeyes. Through Terrelle Pryor's up-and-down career and now a freshman starting at QB in Brewster's senior year, there has been one constant player up front for the Buckeyes as a leader, who also happens to have a skill set and frame that come together nicely. Brewster should expect to be selected in the late rounds as a reliable backup. 	Brewster is a very good athlete in space. Some of the foot movements that he struggles with inside do not hinder him when moving to the second level, and he is good to fit his body on linebackers and get movement there. He is a competitive player who can make all the front-calls and understands angles and lower-base anchoring when he blocks. He has been durable and dependable for the Buckeyes.
								Brewster is not very consistent coming off the ball to get into his blocks and can fall off late. It seems at times like he is so concerned with his pre-snap reads that he is slow moving off the ball. He will have a tough time against quicker defenders off the ball at the next level. 
							
2012	Zach Brown	2532804	OLB	North Carolina	Brown might be one of the fastest straight-line linebackers to ever enter the NFL draft, therefore making him one the most intriguing prospects of this class. While speed is the most striking feature of Brown's game, there are many aspects that are question marks as he enters the NFL. It has been well-documented that he possesses track-type speed. He does show it on the field and stands out as a player who effortlessly is in position to be a high-tackle production linebacker. Brown could be effective in nearly any variation of linebacker in any defense but projects best as a 4-3 outside linebacker who can be active in pass defense. There are many uncertainties that surround Brown's game, including his overall ability to adapt from the college game to pros, where he could display minimal effort and make plays. In the end an athlete of this size and speed won't last much later than the first round because he has yet to scratch the surface of his potential as a player. 	Brown finds the ball, reacts, and finishes through the ball carrier. His speed is without a doubt his strongest asset and the key to his game. Brown is a natural mover, and his strength isn't compensated by his play speed, as he is well-polished in removing himself from blocks and getting to the ball. He is strong over the tight end and has the footwork and hip mobility to run with any tight end in coverage. There are few running backs even at the NFL level who can outrun Brown and get an edge in the run game, and few will slip open against him in the pass game. While he excels out in space, he is also able to play in the box and sniff out runs as a gap defender and make explosive plays at the point of attack. He uses his pure athletic ability and speed to dip and run by linemen into the backfield. Brown also displays the power to run through running backs both in protection and carrying the ball. He is a productive tackler and rarely falls off the ball once getting there, making it likely he will continue that high-volume production for years to come.
								Like his fellow Tar Heels with first-round potential, there are questions surrounding other aspects of Brown's game and life. He has shown a tendency to disappear for long stretches and will need to be reeled in while sticking to the playbook at the next level to assure that he is playing to his potential. While Brown could stand to put on some weight, there are very few things that Brown needs to do physically to mold his game for the next level; many of the changes revolve around his work habits.
							
2012	James Brown	2532805	G	Troy	Brown excelled at the left tackle position for Troy, rarely allowing a sack during his tenure as the blindside blocker, but he projects to guard in the NFL, as he doesn't quite have the height to stay outside at the next level. He is a better run blocker than he is a pass protector, which provides further reasoning for the move inside. If he can be taught the guard position and excel there, his versatility gives him added value. He is expected to be taken toward the end of the second round by a team looking for line depth. 	Brown has the initial quickness to move inside to guard and jolt defenders back off the snap. He is a solid run blocker who can clear gaps and keep his man near him once engaged. Defenders rarely fall off his blocks, and he is a rather effective athlete moving up field and can sink his hips to fit on a block, which would serve him well when pulling. He is a competitive blocker who always works until he hears the whistle.
								Brown didn't play inside at guard in college, so there will be a learning curve in his transitional phase. He is only an average pass blocker. His footwork is effective but he can often get beat by falling forward and being too aggressive once in his set and losing his balance. These attributes would support a move inside because of the trouble he could face going up against bigger, more athletic ends at the tackle position.
							
2012	Charles Brown	2532806	CB	North Carolina	Brown was a three-year starter for the Tar Heels who returned for his senior season after missing 2010 due to a suspension for NCAA violations regarding contact with agents. Brown is a great player in run support who brings power into his tackles and also displays physicality when defending man-to-man in the pass game. He is a quick-twitch player who can struggle when turning to let loose and run on a straight line. He is a bit undersized, but this is less of a concern for Brown than others considering the physical nature of his play. Brown has a tendency to play cautiously to prevent getting beat deep, which can affect his play in zone coverage. He is far from an electric athlete. Expect him to be selected in the fifth or sixth round. 	Charles is a physical corner despite his size and is a true influence from his corner position in the run game. He can jam receivers well at the line of scrimmage, which helps to mask some of his speed and recovery issues. He may struggle reacting to plays in zone and works better out of man coverage, where he has displayed the type of ability to cover 1-on-1 at the next level. He is an explosive athlete who has shown the ability to be a confident "island" corner. Look for him to play more toward the field in schemes to utilize his tackling ability in run support.
								Brown is a bit undersized and can struggle when covering for long periods of time in space. He is a good closed-quarters athlete but will have trouble adapting if he has to play consistent man coverage in the NFL.
							
2012	Ryan Broyles	2532807	WR	Oklahoma	Polished is one word that could be used to describe Broyles and the consistent production he has turned in at the collegiate level. Though undersized, Broyles understands route concepts and how to get open and secure the ball. His ball skills and route-running ability alone could allow him to start at the next level very quickly. His feel for space on the field and overall ability to understand defenses boost his productivity immensely, because even though he displays premier athletic ability, he certainly doesn't make many plays due to his size. He will have to work out of the slot at the next level, but has shown the ability throughout college to do so. Before tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in his left knee against Texas A&M in November, Broyles was a second-round talent. If he is unable to test for teams before the draft due to that injury, his stock might drop.	Despite his stature, Broyles gets off the line of scrimmage well when given a free release or a chance to use a jab step that allows him to stem and get up field quickly. His overall football savvy and athletic ability should allow him to adjust smoothly to play at the next level. Although he can make catches across the middle, he is most effective in space or when being covered man-to-man, as he displays an uncanny ability to get open. Broyles is an incredible catcher. He can torque his body in any way necessary to secure balls thrown near him. He uses his body control to turn and secure the ball. Despite his small frame, he can turn and run through arm tackles at times. He is a great option as a short receiver, which allows him to utilize his quickness and agility to separate from defenders and secure a catch. Broyles has produced consistently in the Big 12, his transitional phase should be short, especially if he plays in the slot.
								Broyles is undersized and has struggled securing catches in space throughout his career. If cornerbacks get their hands on him at the line, he can struggle to break away and get into his route. It will be interesting to watch him work within an NFL system given the route tree he was running at Oklahoma which was somewhat basic. The torn ACL that cost him the ,end of the 2011 season may limit his already average straight-line speed and raise concerns about his durability.
							
2012	Ramon Buchanan	2532808	OLB	Miami	Buchanan would have been a three-year starter at outside linebacker if not for a season-ending knee injury midway through his senior season. Can move well in space and cover tight ends. A sure tackler and power player who can leverage linemen at the point and hold his ground. If he can work out before the draft, expect him to be taken in the late rounds.	Buchanan can cover well in space and run with most tight ends in the ACC. Reacts well to backs running routes, and is quick to recover when pursuing plays away from him.
								Buchanan is undersized and struggles playing in the box. Can be overpowered when linemen get their hands on him. Also has a tough time sinking his hips to meet running backs in the hole with power. Had off-field issues at Miami.
							
2012	Laron Byrd	2532809	WR	Miami	Byrd has been a backup for the majority of his time at Miami, but is still coveted by scouts as a big-bodied receiver. He uses his size and strength well in space and has the ability to torque his body to make plays on the ball. He is also physical going across the middle and at the line of scrimmage. He is an imposing presence for the Hurricanes despite the fact that younger players have worked their way into starting roles ahead of him. Byrd is considered by many to be a better NFL prospect than he was a player at Miami, and he has late-round value based off his size and understanding of how to go up and make plays on the ball.	Byrd is a big receiver who uses his body well in routes. He can go across the middle and take a hit to bring the ball down and get up field. He doesn't always run good routes, but is capable of running certain routes well that play into his strengths, which are his size and ability to go get the ball. He is a decent blocker who likes to stay involved in the run game. Byrd is a big body who can't separate but will make plays once the ball is thrown near his area.
								Byrd has slow-moving feet which hurts him releasing off the line. Although he is a physical receiver, he doesn't hand fight much off the line and corners can get into his grill quickly to disrupt his routes. He is a one-speed player who has a difficult time separating at the top of routes; he has to rely on his size and catching ability to make plays because he is rarely open.
							
2012	Sean Cattouse	2532810	FS	California	Cattouse may not be a big name on the national scale, but to those in the Pac-12 he resonates as an influential player for the Bears the past three years when healthy. He is a safety that has started in both the free and strong roles, but is more efficient when working closer to the line of scrimmage. Given this, he is not the greatest run defender but is good in man coverage; he is a former corner and looks comfortable running with tight ends. This coverage ability gives him value at the next level as the NFL has seen the emergence of big, athletic tight ends (Gronk!) and teams are having a tough time covering them. With Cattouse's frame and coverage skills, he has fifth-round value and could see time early in sub packages where he can be utilized against tight ends.	Cattouse is a good man cover guy playing the safety position given his athletic ability, footwork, and time spent playing corner. He is good close to the line and running with tight ends. Cattouse is a decent reactor but once he makes a decision he has shown the range to run down plays and make plays on the ball. Although he struggles tackling at times, he is a tough player working within the box.
								Cattouse can struggle at times to diagnose plays. Once he makes decisions, he is a good player, but he has made them late and not very often for Cal as a senior. Sean can have difficulties at times when tackling; even though he is a physical player he doesn't wrap and secure tackles enough. He is better playing in close and doesn't quite have the speed to cover a deep half of the field at the next level.
							
2012	Josh Chapman	2532811	DT	Alabama	Chapman has been a consistent presence for Nick Saban's defense as a two-down nose tackle. Though his stats will not stand out, as is the case with most effective nose tackles in the 3-4 defense, Chapman is the large bowling ball that keeps the Alabama defense rolling. He is able to stuff lanes inside and keep his talented linebackers free to make plays. While he doesn't flash anything special, he will provide a consistent and dependable inside presence for an NFL 3-4 defense and should expect to be taken in the second round.	Chapman is an average athlete for his size, but he knows how to use his incredible strength and frame to clog lanes and play his role within a defense. He isn't going to make plays against the run or as a pass rusher, but his presence undoubtedly allows the linebackers at Alabama to play free and make plays on the ball. He is a strong, secure tackler and is very effective when getting double teamed -- although he is effective at keeping lanes clogged when needed. He is a smart player who understands his role. The athletic ability and balance he displays at his size is what makes him such an effective space-eating nose tackle.
								Chapman rarely makes plays on the ball. Though he will make a tackle on a run play when given the opportunity, Chapman often looks as if he fully understands his clogging role and doesn't strive to do much else. He has issues when rushing the passer and has some trouble squeezing the pocket using athletic ability; his production usually comes from his strength. Although he can take on a double team, it is uncommon for him to beat it and make a play. Chapman will also move off the line of scrimmage slowly when tired. He will need to work on his overall conditioning to have value in the NFL beyond being a two-down player. 
							
2012	Toney Clemons	2532812	WR	Colorado	Clemons has been a reliable starter for the Buffaloes after transferring from Michigan. He is a huge and athletic receiver in the mold of Anquan Boldin. He has the same body type and strong base and is good to go across the middle and use his core strength to break arm tackles and get upfield. Clemons has some value as a returner but would be merely serviceable there at the next level. Clemons has sixth-round value based on his potential to become a solid NFL pass catcher. 	Clemons is polished as a runner and is good to get into a corner's cushion off the line. He can break tackles after the catch and is productive running drive routes across the field. He can catch a quick slant and break a tackle on a smaller corner then look to run over a safety. He has the speed to be a deceptive deep threat while also understanding how to work underneath and sit down in holes against zone coverage.
								Clemons has had issues dropping the ball. He is confident with guys coming down hard after him, but struggles focusing to catch the ball with his hands and bring it into his frame. He is physical as a blocker but can get overaggressive and be a liability there at times. 
							
2012	Danny Coale	2532813	WR	Virginia Tech	Coale has been a starter for four consecutive years at receiver for the Hokies. He has thickness and balance for the position which serves him well when working out of the slot. He is a savvy player who has explosion in short areas to get open in zones, and gets production by making one player miss and getting upfield. He has the skill set to succeed at the next level and stands to be a fifth-round pick to a team looking for receiver depth and the type of mature player who can step in and play right away.	Coale understands how to be a possession receiver and work across the field to gain separation when working against man or zone. He is quick with his feet both off the line of scrimmage and in his routes to gain a step to get open, and understands how to throttle his routes down when working against zone coverage. He is the type of heady player who could play right away at the next level. While he will be productive underneath, he has the speed to stretch the field and runs routes that will get him open and gain yardage at the next level. He is physical and not afraid to go across the middle. 
								Coale can struggle against bigger corners if he doesn't separate immediately off the line. He also is limited with the ball in his hands after the catch, and generally just tries what he can. He isn't a reliable blocker outside and struggles to sustain and stay in front of his man when working in the run game. He will be serviceable, but likely a non-explosive player at the next level.
							
2012	Audie Cole	2532814	ILB	N.C. State	Cole is a strong linebacker who has to rely on his power to overtake blockers and make plays on the ball, as he is limited athletically in space. He is best suited playing in close and flying to the line of scrimmage from inside the box. He has been productive for the Wolfpack, and has sixth-round value based on his strength.	Cole is a strong player who is noticeably explosive when throwing his body into linemen. He can make good tackles when playing in the box and when the play comes to him. He is an obviously competitive player who seems to enjoy taking on pulling lineman and fitting up with them before using his arm strength to shed. He can maul a tight end on the line but has difficulty running with them.
								Cole has been a productive tackler for North Carolina State, but most of that production comes on plays that come directly to him. He has difficulty turning his hips and running in space, and would be a liability in coverage at the next level.
							
2012	B.J. Coleman	2532815	QB	Tennessee-Chattanooga	Coleman started for three years at Tennessee-Chattanooga (though he missed four games in 2011 due to a sprained right shoulder) after transferring from Tennessee, where he lost the starting job during spring practices his sophomore year. He is a good-sized, accurate passer who has shown starting qualities at the next level. He has fourth-round value based on his skill set and production.	Coleman has a quick set-up and plays with a good sense of urgency. He is athletic when scrambling and can place it on receivers both in the short and long passing situations. He is a leader and makes good decisions. Coleman can really drive the ball into his receivers and shows NFL-level zip on his throws.
								Coleman has struggled with his route progression and being able to locate second receivers. He is aware in the pocket but can get rattled by pressure at times and will hold onto the ball and take sacks rather than distribute to viable outlets.
							
2012	Tom Compton	2532816	T	South Dakota	Compton has started four straight seasons at tackle for South Dakota, and possesses NFL-caliber size for the position while possessing good athleticism as well. He is somewhat of an unknown coming from a smaller school, but he has shown the efficiency, smarts, and athletic ability to survive at the next level. He could be selected as high as the fourth round.	Compton is quick off the ball and can use angles to effectively get upfield on linebackers. He can position and does a good job of not letting his man get behind him. He can get around the line to the second level effortlessly when pulling, and has a technically sound pass set which displays his perfect footwork.
								Compton has limited experience against top-level competition (though he has faced Minnesota and Wisconsin in recent seasons) and could have a learning phase early on. He is a good run blocker but is far from explosive; more of a gentle mover and sustainer than a dominating force. As a pass blocker he punches his hands but can get slightly off balance at times.
							
2012	Josh Cooper	2532817	WR	Oklahoma St.	Cooper was on the receiving end of many Brandon Weeden passes over the years in the explosive Cowboys' offense, and there are certain aspects of his game that project well to the NFL. Cooper could be an effective and heady slot player at the next level who will need to show the temperament to contribute on special teams. Look for a team with a need at the position to select Cooper in the late rounds.	Cooper knows how to play to his strengths and get open, even when blanketed, by using his footwork and craftiness to get a small step and make the tough catch. He is a strong route runner who can create plays for himself as well, and should look to work out of the slot at the next level. He is a reliable option in the short running game.
								Cooper does not have much long speed and is only a short to intermediate threat. He can struggle separating at times and could be considered a product of a highly effective offensive scheme with a good quarterback. He does not have the natural ability to get on top of or separate easily from NFL defensive backs.
							
2012	Quinton Coples	2532818	DE	North Carolina	Coples has been on NFL scouting radars long before the 2012 draft. The poster child for ultra-athletic recruits brought to North Carolina by former head coach Butch Davis, Coples possesses a rare combination of size, speed, athletic ability, and a versatility that has allowed him to play numerous roles across the defensive line. Some have questioned his consistency, but Coples still has been able to produce at a high level, posting more than 17 sacks the past two years (heading into the team's 2011 bowl game). He has, at times, looked to play on cruise control, but it will be tough for many NFL front offices to ignore the natural ability that Coples possesses and the physical presence he brings to any defense. He can play defensive end in both 4-3 and 3-4 schemes, and should be selected in the early part of the first round. 	Coples has a blend of speed and power on a massive frame that combine to make an uncommon prospect for the defensive line. Coples has the ability to trigger off the line of scrimmage and use strong hands and overall girth to rush the passer. While he doesn't have an array of pass-rush moves to beat NFL left tackles, his pure power allows him to be disruptive and productive at the position. Quinton plays the run very well for a tall, athletic pass rusher, and has been productive defending the run both inside and out. He is strong and has body control through double teams that allows him to stay up and continue to make plays towards the ball. His footwork is slightly above average for his size, but he overcomes this through a natural ability and understanding how to leverage the point to overcome a would-be blocker. This will make him attractive to teams who run a 3-4 scheme, where they can mesh Coples on the line to both rush the passer and be a stout run defender. He has undisputed first-round athletic ability for his size, which is the lifeline of his game.
								Coples' motor has been the single question mark throughout his collegiate career. While Coples is known to possess strength and quickness that should beat most offensive linemen in the ACC, at times he can disappear from the action. While he is a great interior player, Coples doesn't see much action outside the box and his lateral movement can be an Achilles heel for him when running down plays. There are also question marks surrounding his ability to use his hands, and his ability to ignite his feet and hips to make quick-twitch plays. He can seem as if he's moving in slow motion at times. 
							
2012	Aaron Corp	2532819	QB	Richmond	Corp has completely transformed his game at Richmond since transferring in 2009 from USC, where he fought for the job with Matt Barkley before breaking his left fibula. Long marketed as a dual-threat quarterback with speed, Corp overcame a knee injury in his redshirt junior season at Richmond that has changed him into a more stoic pocket passer who has had to rely on his accuracy and judgment. This bodes well for his NFL draft status, as Corp has rising value and could be selected in the mid-to-late rounds. 	Corp is smart with the ball and a good game manager. He has a history of being a good athlete and is good when throwing the ball on the run. He is a West Coast-type quarterback who understands offenses and route progressions and can pick his spots as a passer. He is accurate in short passing and athletic in his pass set. 
								Corp used to be a threat with his legs. His injuries have entirely changed his game and limited his athletic ability. His arm strength is a question mark and his overall size and strength will need to be developed at the next level to compete. He is a definite project.
							
2012	Kirk Cousins	2532820	QB	Michigan St.	Cousins was a three-year starter, as well as a rare three-year captain, at Michigan State. He is a self-made guy, a tireless worker who has deficiencies that could hurt his pro potential. He is not a very strong deep thrower; while his velocity is adequate, his accuracy when throwing deep is questionable. Ultimately, Cousins is a guy who could get drafted based on his experience and intangibles, and will need to put on size and fine-tune certain throwing deficiencies to catch on at the next level. Based on the production and leadership at Michigan State, Cousins has late-round value to a team looking for someone to compete for a backup role.	Cousins has all the intangibles necessary for an NFL quarterback and has been a productive three-year starter. The fact that he was a three-year captain will be highly regarded by NFL general managers. He is an accurate and safe thrower who knows how to pick his spots. He is a good athlete who can make plays on the run, but is not going to run past many NFL defenders. A safe pick as a backup option.
								Cousins is widely considered to be a game manager type at the next level. He makes good decisions with the ball but has not shown he can make the flash plays to move the offense and win games for his team at the next level. He will need talent around him to succeed, which limits his value.
							
2012	Tyrone Crawford	2532821	DE	Boise St.	Crawford ended up at Boise State by way of a junior college, proving himself an intriguing prospect after only one year starting for the Broncos at defensive end. He originally from Canada, where he played for a year after high school and prior to attending Bakersfield College. He has a ton of upside considering his play history, and posses prototypical NFL athletic ability and speed on the perfect frame. He can play in various spots across a defensive line and could be plugged in to a number of schemes. He is a bit of a late riser and has second- or third-round value as a developmental prospect with starting traits.	Crawford is quick to get out of his stance off the snap and has the instincts to slant and hit a gap without being touched. He is consistently disrupting plays in the backfield and is a solid tackler. He is a strong player who shows an explosive arm jolt when keeping blockers at bay. Crawford shows good change of direction when stopping to pursue plays laterally. As a rusher, his motor is the key to his success. He never gives up on a play and can use a strong burst to get to the quarterback. He has a ton of upside, which undoubtedly increases his values to teams who are set at the position and willing to patient and work with him. Despite his size, he could even play special teams early on in his career because he has such a nasty demeanor.
								Crawford is a raw prospect who only has one year of collegiate playing experience at the Football Bowl Subdivision level. He would be a project early on for the team that selects him, and he could have a tough time adapting right away. He has had trouble getting off double teams, which could be a technique issue, a likely possibility given his well-documented strength. Crawford will need extra coaching and attention to adjust to the NFL.
							
2012	Jared Crick	2532822	DT	Nebraska	While Crick missed the majority of his senior season because of a torn pectoral muscle and was assumed by many to be the lucky beneficiary of playing next to dominant Ndamdakung Suh early in his career, he still could emerge as one of the premier defensive lineman in the draft. A defensive tackle at Nebraska, Crick shows value not only in his ability to be effective playing inside but also as a potential defensive end, particularly in a 3-4 scheme. The two-time all-conference selection has displayed enough football acumen, especially in his junior year without the help of Suh, to still hear his name called early in the draft. 	Crick possesses the size and athletic ability to play in various positions across the defensive line. He flashed the ability to defeat blocks and get to the ball-carrier to make big plays in the backfield. He is active in the run game and shows great instincts that allow him to be an active player. Once in the backfield, he can run down quarterbacks with pure hustle. Off the snap, he uses his size and hands to get off blocks and show up.
								There were worries that Crick would struggle against double teams after Suh left Nebraska, and those concerns proved to be true. He is tough to hold off one-on-one, but he often shuts it down or gets eliminated from the play when blocked by more than one lineman. The knee injury he suffered last spring and his overall mobility, which wasn't necessarily a strong suit prior to this season, will now be an even greater question mark.
							
2012	Juron Criner	2532823	WR	Arizona	Criner is a raw talent who has been inconsistent throughout his career at Arizona. He has been dominant in the Pac-12 at times and uses his athleticism and leaping ability to simply make more plays than the man across from him. Criner effectively uses his great size when going for jump balls or when "boxing out" to catch balls in the short game. He shows his athleticism after the catch, displaying an ability to make things happen early in the play and the burst to finish them. He needs to learn how to show up every Sunday, but his talent alone legitimizes him as a prospect. He should be one of the first five receivers taken off the board.	Criner is a lanky but athletic receiver who uses his jumping ability and large catch radius to his advantage when going up for jump balls. He runs crisp routes and is explosive off the line of scrimmage. Criner gets a clean release with ease by using quickness and power, and he understands how to stem his routes to keep cornerbacks off him. He is deceptively agile for such a tall player and is a reliable option in short areas. He can use his lateral agility to make defenders miss and get up the field for yards after the catch. He is a natural who works well against zone defenses and finds his openings and quickly work up field. Criner has emerged over the past year as the go-to receiver for Arizona, and he has a confidence about his play that allows him to match up against the best.
								Criner had a tendency throughout his career to disappear from games if he is not heavily involved in the action. At times his routes can look sloppy. He is a strong blocker but the willingness can slip away from him at times. A medical concern he had before the 2011 season will also be on the minds of scouts.
							
2012	B.J. Cunningham	2532824	WR	Michigan St.	Cunningham has been a highly regarded prospect. He has size for the position is a very polished, well-rounded receiver. He has been durable and has started since arriving on campus, making him a third-round value and possibly ascending if he validates his speed during the postseason.	Cunningham is very savvy off the ball to get into his route, he uses his core strength to swat away hands and leans on corners as he works into his route. He has very quick feet to get corners off balance in-route, and the explosion to burst and then snap off routes quickly and gain separation. He is a good zone-feel receiver who likes to sit in holes, catch the ball, and then work up field. He is a strong and physical player who makes his presence felt when blocking downfield.
								Cunningham can struggle to get open at times if he doesn't get open quickly with his footwork. He can be physical in routes, which at times can allow defensive backs to run in-phase with him.
							
2012	Vinny Curry	2532825	DE	Marshall	Curry has good value at the next level as a pass rushing specialist; he has posted 23 sacks in the past two years (heading into the team's 2011 bowl game) at Marshall after playing sparingly in his first year and a half. Curry is an explosive athlete who could be moved around depending on the type of defensive scheme of the team who selects him. Some may stand him up and have him play outside linebacker in a 3-4 where he can focus on purely rushing the quarterback each play. In the run game, he is effective and can set the edge nicely against an offensive tackle, but has a difficult time getting to the ball if he is engaged upon early. Curry has second-round value based off his athletic ability and sack production the past two years. 	Curry is quick off the ball when he is focused on rushing the passer, and he can set up tackles nicely by leaning them one way and dipping the opposite. He understands how to set up and work his moves throughout the duration of the game to continue to get into the backfield and rush a quarterback. Once he gets a lane, he shows an amazing burst to finish the play and get to the quarterback. On run plays and against quarterbacks alike he is reliable once to the ball and can be explosive when meeting a ball carrier. He has polished technique at the position and uses his hand well to keep blockers at bay. Although he gives up size to NFL-caliber offensive linemen, he is able to hold his ground and set the edge when necessary to allow his linebackers to make plays. His natural athletic ability is evident and the key to every play that he makes.
								Curry can struggle at times and look out of place in the run game. He understands his role in the defense, but once engaged he has a difficult time getting in on any action, as he has trouble locating the ball. If the play does not come to him right away from his quickness and ability, he has yet to show that he has the instincts to react and be involved late in the play once it is already away from him. 
							
2012	Mike Daniels	2532826	DT	Iowa	Daniels, a two-year starter inside for Iowa, is an active, high-motor, high-character performer. He is undersized but uses that to his advantage to get inside of blockers. He has fourth-round talent as a rotational player, but he has the physical traits and intangibles to develop into more.	Daniels is quick off the ball and uses his small frame to work between blockers. He has the instincts to understand schemes and work against them, and he is strong enough, despite his relative lack of size, to engage and then shed a blocker to burst to the play. He is flexible and an overall active interior player.
								Daniels is undersized and gets engulfed by bigger blockers and double teams. It is not a knock on strength or effort, but bigger players can just have a clear advantage on him at times and he will have to be placed in good spots and schemes to be effective inside in the NFL.
							
2012	Andrew Datko	2532827	T	Florida St.	Datko played four games in 2011 because of persistent shoulder injuries but was a stalwart of the Florida State offensive line when healthy. He is a much better run blocker than pass blocker and will need to work on his pass set and overall strength to be able to block NFL-caliber defensive ends. A former walk-on, it's apparent that Datko has the drive and competitive spirit necessary to succeed at the next level; he certainly has the size. A big man who can get overpowered at times, strength training should be a postseason necessity for him. 	Datko is fast off the line of scrimmage and immediately fits on his blocks whether it be linemen or working up field. He is not an explosive mover, but he can stay with his blocks once on them. In pass protection he can struggle at times but usually blocks long enough to get the job done. He makes up for his average athletic ability by being technically sound and understanding how to use his hands and feet to keep defenders occupied. He works hard to keep defenders moving in the run game and, despite his weaknesses, is a "get the job done" player at the end of plays and games. 
								Datko can be stiff at times and struggles noticeably with certain movements. While he is an effective blocker, it is usually not pretty and when he has to move a lot is when inconsistencies in his play can show up. He does fit on blocks OK, but it is often a struggle getting there. He is a catcher as a blocker, but it has served him well up to this point. 
							
2012	Lavonte David	2532828	OLB	Nebraska	Lavonte is one of the premier linebacker prospects in this year's senior class. The Fort Scott Community College transfer is undersized but able to overcome that through his instincts and speed. He has enormous tackle production throughout his two years at Nebraska, posting over 260 tackles in his short time there. Instincts are the key to his game, as he always seems to be in the middle of action whether rushing the passer or covering tight ends. Lavonte will need to stay off blocks at the next level and either gain strength to shed linemen or continue to play instinctually to stay free entirely. His athletic ability allows him to play loose and fly around, and he should go in the late first round to a team who loves undersized, athletic linebackers.	Lavonte has speed that is evident from the second the play starts. He is an instinctive player who is able to read offensive lines and trigger to get to the spot he needs to be. He understands angles and leveraging himself when taking on blocks, which allow him to overcome his size deficiency. His footwork is fluid in transition and when moving laterally, he routinely fits up against running backs in the hole and stonewalls them at the point. He can pursue against the run to the outside and use his instincts to meet players where they ultimately will be, and rarely whiffs on tackles. He can cover tight ends close in man and works well in zone coverage as he has natural, fluid hips to turn and pass set. 
								David is undersized, and he can struggle at times when lineman get their hands on him on run plays. If he is free he hits the gap hard, but once engaged he attempts to use his strong hands to fight away. He can cover in the long-term against tight ends but can also struggle in man against them at the line of scrimmage if they overpower him initially. Speed and savvy can often overshadow these size and strength hitches in Lavonte's game, but they could be exposed more at the next level. 
							
2012	Dominique Davis	2532829	QB	East Carolina	Davis transferred to East Carolina after academic troubles pushed him out of Boston College, and he was a dual-threat playmaker for the Pirates. His NFL size and quick feet will help extend plays, but he may not be proficient enough as a passer to find targets once outside the pocket. Although he has early-round production at the collegiate level, look for teams to take a shot on Davis late in the draft as a project.	Davis is a stellar athlete at the position and possesses NFL size. He makes some throws from the pocket and can extend plays with his feet to find receivers down field. He is explosive and powerful in his pass set and is quick to get outside and throw on the run when facing pressure. He has the athletic ability to torque and throw across his body on the run.
								Davis' deficiencies in throwing the deep ball severely limit his pro prospects. He can get rattled at times in the pocket and makes questionable decisions, and he has a low release point that will limit him at the next level. He is widely considered to be more of an athlete playing quarterback than an athletic quarterback.
							
2012	Emanuel Davis	2532830	CB	East Carolina	Davis has had an up-and-down career for the Pirates of ECU, but has good speed and has displayed the skills at times that make him worthy of a late-round draft pick. It is a crap shoot as to whether teams will want to take a shot on him being that he has just an average skill set, but for teams who are in need of defensive back depth, Davis is a viable option.	Davis is an effective player when supporting the run. He looks actively to deliver a blow from the outside and brings a physical presence to the Pirates. He can be physical at the point as well when jamming, and this allows him to be a good cover corner in man despite average athletic ability. He can turn his hips to recover but can labor at times moving his feet.
								Davis keeps the action away from him as if to not get beat, and although aggressive when tackling and supporting the run, can play passively in zone. He is an average athlete who can struggle in many movements when covering.
							
2012	Jeff Demps	2532831	RB	Florida	Demps has become a big name due to his well-documented straight-line speed that has been displayed on the football field and track field alike. He has won the NCAA 60-meter championship and also cracked the 10.00 barrier in the 100-meter dash. Unfortunately for Demps, he lacks some of the agility and a frame that goes with being a productive and reliable running back at the collegiate level. He doesn't display many natural football movements, and simply catching the ball and running routes out of the backfield are less than average for the league standard. Demps should compete to break the 40-yard dash record at this year's combine, but his lack of lateral agility and durability concerns between the tackles lowers his value; look for a team to select Demps in the fourth or fifth rounds, looking to take advantage of his speed in mismatch situations or in the return game. 	Demps is an incredible outside runner who can get the edge on just about any defense. He is so fast for his size that he is deceptively powerful throughout his legs and can run through arm tackles at times, with the type of burst that can get him through holes if there is a tiny seam. His athletic ability and speed allow any amount of small wiggle or jab-step to be highly effective. He should be able to find a role as an offbeat offensive threat who gets the ball a few times a game to threaten the defense.
								With his breakaway speed, Demps would have great value as a returner. However, at Florida he rarely was given the opportunity, and because of this many teams will shy away from him. He is not a great lateral mover for a man of his stature, and needs a seam and a block to break for daylight. Demps struggles finding a hole and doesn't display natural vision to see the play develop and hit it vertically. Demps has shown many weaknesses as a running back and is a player who needs space and blocks to see daylight, but it can be scary once he does.
							
2012	Alfonzo Dennard	2532832	CB	Nebraska	Like his classmate Jared Crick, Dennard played alongside premier talent (New York Giants' 2011 first-round pick Prince Amukumara) early in his career and also missed some playing time as a senior due to injury (leg). But unlike Crick, Dennard was less tested as a senior once back from injury because he lost that elite player on the opposite side. He has some of the same traits as Prince in that he is smart, plays with instincts and understands how to support in run defense and play the role of a staunch football player at the corner who does more than just cover. While he is not particularly stellar with any singular trait, he has the size, athletic ability, and overall above-average skills that blend together to make a nice prospect. He is the type of corner who could contribute heavily on special teams in his rookie year, and although he has not been tested much working in the slot, could likely be picked in the late first or early second round.	Dennard is a strong all-around player, who doesn't shine with any particular skill, but that's his main strength: There are few weaknesses in his game. He is a heady player who plays on top of receivers and understands how to turn and run to not get beat deep. He trusts his speed and footwork in man coverage and can fill nicely as a run defender in both run plays and in zone. He is a solid athlete who has fluid hips and can adjust to make ball plays in mid-air. He understands how to play with leverage and jam the receiver at the line of scrimmage, as he is a very balanced and strong player who rarely falls off his stance or gets pushed off coverage by bigger wideouts. Dennard has a lot of experience starting games at a high level and is NFL-ready. 
								Alfonzo is a shorter corner and could potentially get out-jumped at the next level. He can let himself get blocked by more physical receivers at times, but when the play comes his way he usually gets involved. He missed the first three games of 2011 with a pulled leg muscle.
							
2012	Patrick Edwards	2532833	WR	Houston	Edwards has been a four-year starter and key part of the high-octane Houston offense. He is small but is fast and savvy enough to play right away as a slot receiver in the NFL. He understands defenses and how to sit down in holes vs. zone, making him a third-round talent who could also become a serviceable returner.	Edwards is athletic and very explosive and quick off the line. He has the feet and quickness to get his small frame away from bigger corners and stem himself into his route. He rolls off his front foot naturally and into his routes where he uses his knowledge of defenses to find holes and get open. Even when covered, he can easily stick his foot in the ground to separate. He has clear control of his small frame and knows how to use it to his advantage.
								Despite his speed and smaller frame, Ewards is not much of a deep threat and is almost exclusively a short-intermediate crafty route runner. He is willing as a blocker but doesn't have the strength to be effective there, and it also shows after the catch as he usually goes down on the first hit.
							
2012	Michael Egnew	2532834	TE	Missouri	Egnew is an athletic, tall prospect similar to recent NFL successes in that he is somewhat underweight but creates mismatches up and down the field. A converted receiver, Egnew has struggled with traditional tight end responsibilities such as blocking in-line and being an overall run-game presence. He is athletic for his size and presents a speed mismatch on linebackers and a size mismatch on safeties, which will ultimately define his value in this year's draft. If Egnew runs well at February's combine, look for him to ascend as a high-value mismatch-creator.	Michael is a converted receiver who understands how to run in-phase and use his athletic ability to separate. The switch to tight end was a blessing for him considering his ability to separate from linebackers and play more physical than most safeties. He is good to catch the ball and has a large catch radius. He is a threat after the catch and a big overall target for the quarterback to throw the ball anywhere near him.
								As a converted receiver, Egnew has struggled blocking defensive linemen. It is tough for him to get a free release off the line when attached to a tackle, and he is much better working off the ball. He can be physically outplayed by some bigger linebackers and could have trouble playing on the line of scrimmage at the next level. 
							
2012	Rhett Ellison	2532835	FB	USC	Ellison is a hybrid fullback/tight end who could play either role in the NFL. He is the beneficiary of a light tight-end class in 2012, projecting to be one of the first off the board. A bruiser with a punishing frame, Ellison is a reliable blocker both inline and out of the backfield. The same reliability can be said for his pass catching skills, both out of backfield and working upfield. Ellison will likely be selected in the middle rounds of the draft by a team looking for a physical player who can bring a workmanlike attitude to the facility and to special teams. 	Ellison is quick off the line of scrimmage for his size and understands how to stem to avoid jams. He is a decent route runner who will get covered but can separate at the top of routes. He catches nearly everything in his path and is a very good blocker inline.
								Ellison is not very fast, nor is he a quick-twitch athlete. This is evident when he is running deep routes and trying to work upfield. He labors to move at times and can struggle in hard moves on his routes. 
							
2012	Loni Fangupo	2532836	DT	BYU	Fangupo is a lane clogger, and although his play can seem uninspired at times, he actually is very effective in this role and should look to do the same for a 3-4 scheme at the next level. A transfer to BYU by way of USC and Mount San Antonio Community College, Fangupo is an older player who never got a strong chance to establish himself with any team at the collegiate level. He could be a late-riser, as he is said to have serious strength for the position. Look for a team with a scheme in which Fangupo would fit to select him in the late rounds.	Fangupo does not display proper footwork and has limited athletic ability, but his strength is evident, as it looks like he is able to occupy two blockers with absolute ease at times. Strength is his whole game and will define his value and effectiveness at the next level.
								Fangupo is an extremely slow mover. He doesn't even show poor footwork; he shows no footwork. He is reliable only to come off the ball slowly and hold up blockers, and his size, body type and injury history don't indicate that he will get better here.
							
2012	Antonio Fenelus	2532837	DB	Wisconsin	Fenelus has been a two-plus year starter at corner for Wisconsin. The solid man cover-corner employs good technique and footwork to be effective, although he is a bit undersized. He has fifth-round value in the draft as a capable special teams player and backup.	Antonio is a heady player who lines up and diagnoses plays well to put himself in a good position to be productive. He reads run or pass quickly and is keen on reading receivers' hips to understand how to play them. He is a good mover to recover quickly when a player gets a step on him and draws his draft value from being able to make quick reactions on the ball once it's thrown. He can drive towards the ball or play quickly.
								Fenelus is undersized and doesn't have great speed for the position. He is able to put himself in position and be a quick reactor to survive on the outside at corner, but once a receiver gets by him he usually fails to recover. He could excel working in short areas out of the slot but will struggle to run with NFL receivers downfield.
							
2012	Coby Fleener	2532838	TE	Stanford	Fleener is the one senior tight end in the nation who has consistently shown the type of talent that will allow him to start early at the next level. He uses his 6-6 frame well when running routes and separating from defenders. He has been the go-to target in the red zone for Andrew Luck the past few years. Fleener understands route concepts and has the competitiveness and size also to be an effective inline blocker. Some may question his true talent given his size and being fortunate to be on the receiving end of many Luck passes, but the Stanford senior is an attractive prospect who could be taken towards the end of the first round.	Fleener has steadily improved during his time at Stanford and turned into a technical, effective route runner who is able to separate at the top of routes. He's an obvious target for the QB and has a good feel for defenders around him. He will go up for the ball, especially in the red zone, where Fleener had 10 touchdowns in 2011 (heading into the team's bowl game). He is a smooth athlete who looks natural running deep down the field, even at his height. He is able to anticipate the throw, find it in the air, and rarely does he not come down with it. 
								Fleener has struggled as a blocker on the line of scrimmage throughout his collegiate career, although he continues to improve. While he is an explosive athlete with the ball or running in the open field, he is somewhat stale at the line and needs to improve his strength to become a more complete player. His strength can also effect him somewhat in the pass game as he tends to get jammed at the line and can have trouble getting back into his route. 
							
2012	Jamell Fleming	2532839	CB	Oklahoma	Fleming lines up in the boundary for Oklahoma and has a great combination of size, speed and technique that makes him a premier prospect at corner. His speed and athletic ability allow him to recover quickly off the line of scrimmage. He can get caught looking at the quarterback at times, but he usually can stay with receivers in man coverage. He is a physical and explosive athlete who can jam receivers and bring down running backs with ease. Fleming has played at a high level for the past four years and projects to start early at the next level as a second-round selection. 	Fleming is superb in man coverage. He is reliable on an island and can stay with any receiver in the Big 12. He is not technically sound, but his back pedal and hips are naturally fluid. He can backpedal for an uncommonly long amount of time, even by NFL standards, which allows him to stay on top of receivers and plant, driv, and react to plays. He has the speed to catch up to receivers if beat and the ability to run down plays from the backside or provide help in zone. He makes the play every time as a tackler, and he can drive through his hips to deliver a blow to a ball carrier. When the ball is in the air he has the body control to turn and make a play on it. He is thick for the corner position and it is apparent that he understands his role in the run game. He is a prototypical athlete for the position. 
								Fleming is not technically sound, and it hasn't hurt him up to this point. At the next level, he will need to work on his technique when using his hands and feet to jam receivers and turn at the line of scrimmage. He can be undisciplined in various aspects of his play, but it usually hurts him more in zone coverage than it does in man, where he is a natural cover corner.
							
2012	Darius Fleming	2532840	OLB	Notre Dame	Fleming has good, thick size for the position and is a good bender and mover for his size. He was a two-plus year starter at Notre Dame and the key part of a very strong linebacker group. He is a good lateral mover and is aggressive in pursuit and once he gets to the ball. Fleming can be a liability in coverage but has value in a 3-4 defense as an outside linebacker who purely rushes the passer and sets the edge.	Fleming is a superb rusher who has quickness and a strong burst off the line to get into a tackle, and then bend his knees and dip around him. He is also strong and effective to set the edge and keep plays inside of him. He is a lateral mover and can pursue plays to the outside, and has the ability to disrupt passes and have production there from his spot. He has fluid hips that he relies on to recover and run down plays.
								Fleming has little value as a dropping pass defender and often looks lost there. He is a scheme player and would struggle if forced to cover tight ends in space in a 4-3 scheme. He also struggles when defending inside runs and is better when just setting the edge to keep the play inside.
							
2012	Michael Floyd	2532841	WR	Notre Dame	Floyd has been a game changer at the collegiate level and possesses the size, aggressiveness and game experience to make a difference early in his transition to the NFL. Floyd has been an extremely productive threat both deep and in possession for the Irish throughout his career, as well as a physical blocker and a reliable third-down playmaker. His on-field maturity, physical nature and ability to make the big catch will outshine some off-field mishaps, as Floyd projects to be one of the top receivers off the board.	Floyd is a polished receiver who shows the ability to release and burst off the line of scrimmage despite his frame. He is a solid route runner who will consistently make the big catch. He is an excellent athlete who is strong and contributes in the run game with his physicality on the edge. A receiver who is tough across the middle, Floyd will make the tough catch and get up-field. Floyd brings that No. 1 receiver presence to the next level and projects to produce to that standard. Floyd's explosiveness off the line and frame when catching balls make him a presence that is felt by opposing defenses. As a blocker, Floyd will do more than just mirror defenders, as he will come down the line of scrimmage and crack linebackers. He is a red zone threat at any level and his projectability to the next level is a major key to his high draft value.
								Floyd does not have game-breaking speed as a deep threat, and consistency has been somewhat of a concern as a senior. Prior injuries could raise somewhat of a red flag along with various off-field issues.
							
2012	Nick Foles	2532842	QB	Arizona	Foles has been a productive signal caller for Arizona over three years as a starter and has the arm strength and size that garners first-day consideration for teams looking to fill a void at quarterback. He is a mechanically sound passer who has a solid release. In a different year, it's possible that Foles could be vying for the top quarterback spot; he is hit with hard luck by being in the middle of a quarterback-laden class. He is a big-time leader who rarely gets rattled. Foles' athletic ability will be a concern to some, and while he is projected as more of a "game manager" type, his skill set comes together nicely so he should be at least a serviceable starter at the next level. If teams can fall in love with his arm strength, he could be selected as early as the second round to develop and become an eventual starter.	Foles has a strong arm that gets him through various other hitches in his game. There are times when Foles throws the deep, cross-field out-route while on his back foot (and facing pressure) accurately and with ease. While not the most athletic quarterback, he is aware in the pocket to avoid pressure and has a good sense of how and when to extend a play to his advantage. As a deep passer he has strength but can struggle with accuracy at times. His accuracy is evident in his short to intermediate throws, where he can put it right on a receiver or lead him fluidly in stride. He would be more valuable in a West Coast scheme where could make quick decisions and not be forced to unleash deep throws on a consistent basis. He is an excellent game manager for moving the ball in bunches up the field. He is extremely poised in the pocket and rarely lets a heavy pass rush rattle his throws. 
								Mobility has been the Achilles heel for Foles and will likely continue to be exposed even more at the next level. He is solely a pocket passer and hardly ever moves the chains with his feet. He has the ability to extend, but he is not going to out-run any defenders at the next level. This can sometimes effect his set-up, as it can be uncoordinated at times, although rarely affects his actual pass. There are times when the ball can get away from him when throwing deep, and he has struggled with accuracy there. His release is sufficient but not fast by any means. His judgment with the ball is somewhat questioned, as he can be slow to get rid of the ball and scramble into trouble.
							
2012	Justin Francis	2532843	DE	Rutgers	Francis has played various roles on the defensive line for Rutgers and has a good amount of play experience despite his senior year being his first as a full-time starter. He is a slow player but has shown good quickness initially and the ability to leverage himself to hold up on blocks and play the role of a reactor in the run game. He is undersized to play inside, which he's done at times at Rutgers, but slightly undersized at end as well and could stand to add weight for the next level. Justin is a high-effort player and has fifth- or sixth-round value based on the hope that he can add some weight to his big frame and continue to be a disruptive, high-motor player at the next level.	Francis is a quick player off the ball even though he is slow-footed in space. He got in the backfield often at Rutgers, even as a spot starter early on who would be brought in on passing downs. He is a slow reactor when reading plays, but once he makes a decision he is good to get after the ball and be disruptive. He is a high-effort player in space and even though he lacks the speed, he has shown the effort to get after players from the backside and make plays in pursuit. Justin understands technique and has the tools to improve his hand usage so he can stay off blocks at the next level. He is heady once in the backfield to disrupt plays.
								Francis is slow at times to read lineman and get into the correct gaps to cover his responsibilities. He is slightly undersized, especially when working inside, and stronger linemen can get a grip on him that he has a difficult time shedding. He will never be a physical presence on the line in the NFL, but if he could put on some weight he could counter some of the problems he's dealt with. Some teams could be scared away by the fact that it took him until his senior year at Rutgers to find consistent time as a starter.
							
2012	Jeff Fuller	2532844	WR	Texas A&M	Fuller has started games in each of his four years at Texas A&M and was a go-to option for future NFL quarterback Ryan Tannehill in the past two seasons. Fuller is a tall, well-built receiver who makes good plays across the field despite being a slow-mover and rarely being able to get away from defenders. He doesn't show much ability to run after the catch or block in the run game, and he can struggle when trying to get off the line. He also had an injury-filled senior year in which he was dealt with a nagging hamstring. Fuller has some serious hitches in his game, but he is a reliable option once he is in-route and the ball is coming his way.	Fuller uses his frame well when catching the ball short. He has solid hands and will catch the ball with defenders draped over him. He can separate from defenders at times but is truly more of a "go get the ball" type receiver who struggles to get open. He is amazing to adjust and torque his body to get the ball. Fuller is an instinctual player and natural athlete at the position, but definitely more of a "pass catcher" than he is a technical wide receiver.
								Fuller is an athletic, big wide receiver who uses his frame to his advantage in-phase but can struggle at the line of scrimmage. He shows little strength and will get jammed up by smaller corners. He displays the same weakness and hesitancy when run blocking. Fuller does not play to his frame when it comes to the physical aspect of his game and needs to get better here to succeed at the next level.
							
2012	Chris Galippo	2532845	LB	USC	Galippo has been an off and on starter for the Trojans the past three seasons because of injuries and demotions due to the play of younger, more athletic linebackers. A herniated disc kept him out for a year and has limited him at times throughout his career. He is an instinctive middle linebacker who is quick to reach when the ball is snapped and almost always is involved in the tackle on run plays. Despite all this, Galippo is a solid backer whose instincts and production over a five-year period give him late-round value to a team looking for a backup at the position capable of competing on special teams.	Galippo is an instinctual player and good tackler. He struggles at times fitting on inside run plays but is good in his pass set and reacting to pass plays throughout the field. He is a decent athlete who can cover well in his pass sets. 
								Galippo will fall off tackles and can struggle when it comes to inside run plays. He is a good lateral mover but breaking down in space can give him trouble. He has been out-skilled by younger kids in the program throughout his career, and his back has given him trouble. When healthy, he has the talent to contribute on special teams.
							
2012	Garth Gerhart	2532847	C	Arizona State	Gerhart plays true to his name, or at least the reputation that his brother, Toby (Stanford, Minnesota Vikings) has shown the football world in his short time. Garth is a high-effort, big-motor player who has the frame to compete for a starting position at the next level. He should be taken in the middle rounds and compete to start early at the next level. 	He finishes blocks strong and is an apparent leader up front at the center position. He is a throwback center who finds a way to get a block, whether on the line or linebackers at the next level, and overcomes some small athletic ability issues with effort and football savvy. He is a guy with the type of motor you would want being the center and leader of your line.
								Gerhart is slightly undersized at the position and has to overcome this through a competitive "finish" attitude. He is only an average athlete, and this can be exposed at times when working up to the second level to fit on linebackers.
							
2012	Tashaun Gipson	2532848	FS	Wyoming	Gipson is an active player for Wyoming who has been extremely productive. He started every game of his college career, switching from cornerback to safety for the final eight games of his senior season. He has fourth-round value based on his ability to play safety but also cover well in nickel situations.	Gipson is a good cover safety after spending so much time at corner throughout his career. He excels in his backpedal, turning his hips and covering. Corner play has definitely helped him in passing situations, and although he is a developing tackler at safety, he is effective. He is fast and athletic for the safety position.
								Gipson is still developing at safety and hasn't had much high-level experience there. He is a corner first who actually projects to safety because of his size, but he can struggle lining up at times at safety and bringing the hat in run support. He needs time to develop at the position and could be better served as a nickel corner early on.
							
2012	Cordy Glenn	2532849	T	Georgia	Cordy played tackle at Georgia and was a stalwart whether lined up there or at guard over the past four years. The fact that many teams will want to use him at guard and could have him on the roster for variable depth early is a big reason why he could go as early as the 3rd round in this year's draft.	Cordy is an athletic big man who is fluid when pulling and gets up-field with ease. He is an effective mirror blocker who uses good technique to sit into his base and control defenders. He is aware of stunts and blitzes and usually picks them up with ease. He is a big body who has been a durable starter for Georgia.
								Glenn is somewhat of a tweener and would struggle against NFL pass rushers at tackle. He could stand to lose some weight as he looked like he was laboring to move at times in his Senior year.
							
2012	T J Graham	2532850	WR	N.C. State	Graham is undersized (weight) at receiver but has started sparingly throughout his career for North Carolina St. He is extremely fast and that is where his value lies. He is still a developing route runner and can get knocked for being a "track guy" and not reliable across the middle. Nevertheless, his 40 time will be important throughout pro days and the combine, and he could be selected as high as the third round.	Graham is a burner who can take the top off of defenses at the next level. He can beat corners in man coverage and use his hands to stack on top of them and continue to gain separation. He is very good at focusing on the ball all the way into his hands when running deeps and looks natural catching. He is quick off the line and uses his feet well to avoid and stem corners who could possibly overpower him if he was stagnant. He can vary his speeds well to keep corners off balance. 
								Graham is a deep speed guy and that's about it. He is still developing as a route runner and won't go across the middle for balls. He is undersized and not very strong, and it shows across the middle and when attempting to block. He is willing both across the middle and when blocking, but simply lacks the strength to be effective.
							
2012	Cyrus Gray	2532851	RB	Texas A&M	Gray is a well-rounded back who can block, run and catch the ball out of the backfield. He has great size and has been productive as a pass catcher throughout his career. He is highly elusive in the open field and understands the nuances of short-intermediate running back routes in the passing game. He is ideal for a screen-heavy team, as he has reliable hands and is patient to wait for plays to develop. He likes to bounce the ball outside, sometimes too quickly, but he is effective when doing so. There are knocks on his game as an inside runner, which will keep him from getting drafted as an every-down back in the NFL. He does, however, bring value as a returner. Although not explosive, he is effective in this role. Look for him to be selected in the middle rounds.	Gray is a big and athletic back who hits the hole hard and is elusive for a man of his size. He is one of those natural runners who understands when to weave and when to run with power. He has been highly productive and his style of running with power in his legs makes him a reliable short-yardage option early in his career.
								Gray is not a burner and can have slow feet at times. He usually picks his spots, but he can be hesitant in the backfield. Despite his size, he struggles as a pass protector at times. It takes Gray a few steps to reach full speed, and he won't be a threat to take it the distance at the next level.
							
2012	Gary Gray	2532852	CB	Notre Dame	Gray is a smart cornerback for Notre Dame who has speed and quickness to cover in man and the awareness to play zone at the next level. He has average size, but has been effective throughout his career. He has played against top-level talent in his two-plus years starting at Notre Dame. He has fourth-round talent to contribute early and often at the next level.	Gray is a smart player who is always aligned to his advantage and plays to his strengths well. He reads receivers' hips well in-route and is able to react on various movements, a trait that will serve him well as he adapts to the next level. He is a good man cover corner but can play hesitant there at times. He is better served to play in a zone-heavy scheme, where he uses his smarts to diagnose plays and react. He has the speed to recover if beaten early.
								Gray has a hard time tackling bigger offensive players and usually only likes to get involved in defending the run when he absolutely has to. He is around the ball a lot and will try to act involved, but will stand if he can when around a pile. He can be late at times to react to balls that are thrown his way when covering in man.
							
2012	Ladarius Green	2532853	TE	Louisiana-Lafayette	Green has been a late riser and could progress even more if he continues to show the type of athleticism he showed in his senior year. Although he comes from a smaller conference, Green has been a very productive pass-catching tight end and has displayed the type of athleticism that makes him a mismatch at the next level and the type of player a team could fall in love with and take with a risk-pick earlier in the draft. All things considered, he has displayed sixth-round talent up to this point and is a developmental project at the position.	Green is a big tight end who understands how to get open and use his frame to be a good option for the quarterback in the short passing game. He has good foot quickness and uses this and his frame to work against zone and box out against smaller defenders to secure the easy first-down catch. Green has body control that allows him to leap, torque, and reach both high and low for poorly thrown balls, making him the type of red zone option, at his height, where an NFL QB can just throw it up to him. 
								Green is a raw player and would likely be a project at the position. He can struggle getting off the line of scrimmage and can give away his routes quickly when running them. He has a lot of negative aspects to his game currently but they are all skills that could be developed through time and coaching. 
							
2012	Trevor Guyton	2532854	DE	California	Guyton has prototypical size and quickness for the defensive tackle position and the type of frame that could be attractive to 3-4 teams looking for ends within their scheme. He was a reliable player in his senior year for Cal after not starting many games early on in his career because of the team's depth at the position. Guyton is a fast player with a motor that doesn't stop, which has helped him be an active player in his senior year and gives him sixth-round value in the draft.	Guyton is very quick off the ball and when maneuvering in tight spaces. He uses his hands well and has good technique. He is fast to the quarterback once in the backfield and can make disruptive plays early and often. He really sets the tempo off the ball and has the ability to quickly blow back lineman. He is excellent in pursuit in the open field, where his speed really shows up. He is a sure tackler who has been around the ball often in his senior year.
								Guyton could have value as a late-round pick given his collegiate history. He has displayed a lot of early round traits in his senior year, but his value is limited due to the short amount of time he has displayed it. Although teams understand Guyton's being caught behind first-round picks Cameron Jordan and Tyson Alualu, they will wonder if he's truly the player with the skills he displayed in his senior year, or just a pretender who showed up to play only once his draft status was on the line.
							
2012	Brandon Hardin	2532855	CB	Oregon St.	Hardin is a physically imposing corner who is an intriguing prospect considering the little play time he has received the past two years because of multiple injuries. While these injuries are a concern, if teams can look past this and into the potential aspect of Brandon's game, he will likely be picked in the mid-rounds as a developmental defensive back who could potentially move to safety. 	Brandon is a physical cover corner who excels playing up close to the line. He has serious value for a Cover 2 team that likes big and physical corners who can support in the flats. He is a good athlete and has hip fluidity for a man of his size, and he uses his length well in-phase.
								Brandon has been held back significantly by injuries throughout his career. He is a bit of a slow-footed athlete, and his size makes him a tweener despite his cover skills. He hasn't played enough snaps at Oregon State to show he is NFL ready and worthy of an early-round pick.
							
2012	Chandler Harnish	2532856	QB	Northern Illinois	Harnish could be compared in many ways to this years NFL sensation, Tim Tebow. While not quite the bruising runner that Tebow is, Harnish has a similar frame and style of play. He relies more heavily on his speed than power when running, but has been a true dual-threat at the position, posting gaudy total offense numbers each year. He has the type of running style that could be effective at the next level, but don't look for him to switch to H-back anytime soon. Has just enough arm talent to make it happen with his feet when the play breaks down. He has yet to prove himself as an accurate passer, and this could hurt his stock, but look for teams to select Harnish in the late rounds as a developmental project or change-of-pace quarterback/running threat. 	Harnish is a powerful and effective scrambler and a better thrower on the run than he is in the pocket. He is a gamer; understands how to run an offense and when to pick his spots to take off running. Harnish is a fast and explosive athlete who uses good judgment as a passer. Has had the type of productivity that is noticeable despite playing in a small conference.
								Harnish has the arm strength, frame, and mentality to be a starting quarterback at the next level, but his accuracy is so off at times that it brings his value all the way down to late rounds. He will struggle early on adjusting to the speed and timing of NFL offenses.
							
2012	Dajohn Harris	2532857	DT	USC	Harris came on strong for the Trojans late in his career. An inconsistent player in his early career, Harris has blossomed under Lane Kiffin and has been a productive inside force at defensive tackle. A big man who could stand to lose weight as he transitions to the next level, Harris is a former high school tight end who shows it through strong footwork on game day. It is apparent he has learned under the famed Ed Orgeron at USC, as he displays good technique with his hands as well. Look for him to be taken in the early-to-middle rounds if teams can look past his consistency and conditioning issues.	Harris is quick at the line of scrimmage and fits on his blocks immediately whether it be on a lineman or working up the field. He is not an explosive mover but can stay with his blocks once on them. In pass protection he struggles at times but usually blocks long enough to get the job done. He is technically sound and understands how to use his hands and feet to keep defenders occupied, though his overall athletic ability is average. He works hard to keep defenders moving in the run game and despite his weaknesses is a get-the-job-done player at the end of plays and games. 
								Inconsistency has defined and hindered Harris' career. He did not play a lot early on due to NFL talent being ahead of him, and has had conditioning issues in his last two years at USC. He will make big plays and then disappear for stretches; he needs to show he can be a reliable three-down option at the next level. He is an athlete waiting to be unleashed, but first he'll have to solve his conditioning issues. Experience could be a problem as well as Harris has had limited reps against top talent. 
							
2012	Mike Harris	2532858	CB	Florida St.	Harris started at corner for only one year for Florida State after rotating in nickel packages. He is a transfer from El Camino Community College and has great speed to excel at the position at the next level. He has a ton of experience covering in the slot and should contribute early there at the next level.	Harris is good in man coverage, as he has the hips and awareness to stay tight in his man's hip and run with him the whole way through. He has played in the slot against athletic receivers a lot at Florida State and held his own. He is a good tackler and reliable to bring his guy down and support in blitzing off the edge out of nickel packages. A natural athlete who won't have problems playing nickel right away.
								Harris has good speed but can get lost at times when running with receivers and reacts to a thrown ball slightly late. He is smooth when running with receivers and, at times, can continue to run past receivers when they break off routes. He was caught there a few times in his senior year.
							
2012	Bryce Harris	2532859	T	Fresno St.	Harris has started every game the past three years for Fresno State. He is an interesting prospect in that he entered school as a 230-pounder struggling to fit in, but he has made himself into a 300-pound NFL prospect at the position. Given that history, he is athletic and displays strong, technically savvy footwork for the position. He is a bit of a developmental prospect for the aforementioned reasons, but he has value late in the guard as a versatile backup.	Harris is quick off the ball. At the snap is where his history as a much lighter guy is evident, because he can get off quick or hit the floor fast when cutting in the quick-pass game. He is able to position himself well because of his hip mobility and footwork, and he has shown more nastiness toward the end of his career than he did early on while still learning the position. He has outstanding footwork and mobility for the position.
								Harris had a history of playing soft, but he has dispelled most of that this year through his play. He has a tough time getting an initial push on defenders and is not an explosive mover. He can run well, but when pulling he can seem uncoordinated at times in space. He has quick hands but is still developing his strength there.
							
2012	Jacory Harris	2532860	QB	Miami	Harris is a player who will be under the microscope in the postseason draft process considering his history at Miami. Although he has started three years (plus two games as a true freshman, including the opener) and has experience quarterbacking at a high level, Harris lacks many of the key inherent attributes that make NFL quarterbacks successful, as he is thin and lacks arm strength. Harris could stand to put on size before expecting to step into an NFL pocket, as well as continue to develop his arm and accuracy. While there are knocks on his skill set, Harris is considered a gamer and could expect to be taken in late rounds by teams looking for a change-of-pace quarterback.	Harris' biggest strength is that he was able to start for so many games at Miami. He has led the Hurricanes on many late-game victory drives and had some productive outings. He is a good game manager and distributes the ball well both short and intermediate. He has shown a good throwing motion and touch on his ball.
								Harris is thin for the position and could have durability issues. He can be sporadic with his throws and is not accurate throwing the ball deep. For his size, he should be more of a running threat, and he is effective mostly just out of the pocket.
							
2012	Casey Hayward	2532861	DB	Vanderbilt	Hayward is a highly regarded corner out of Vanderbilt. Although his team has had little success throughout his career, playing in the heart of the Southeastern Conference has put Hayward up against top talent every week, and he has made plays consistently for the Commodores. He can run with any receiver in the SEC and has shown that he can play physically at the line of scrimmage to disrupt receivers' routes. He brings a confident mentality that he can cover anyone in single coverage given the competition he faced each week in his conference. He has third-round talent.	Hayward can diagnose plays and be in position from the get-go. He will be physical when reacting to pass plays and has the speed to cover for extended periods of time in man coverage. He is a lanky player who can extend and secure interceptions when covering close. He is a reliable tackler when around the ball.
								Hayward is a decent player in zone looks but not the quickest reactor. He trusts his speed too much at times, which can get him in trouble when he plays too far off the receiver. He is a smooth athlete but not very quick twitched.
							
2012	Junior Hemingway	2532862	WR	Michigan	Hemingway is a big and explosive senior who has started regularly for three years, catching balls from Denard Robinson at Michigan. Hemingway is a big-framed guy who is an athlete and will do everything in his control to go up and make plays on the ball. He is thick and an effective run blocker; reliable in all facets of his game. 	Hemingway is a talented receiver who might have been hindered throughout his career by not playing with a natural quarterback in Denard Robinson. Playing with him, Hemingway has developed a good field awareness and will be as ready as any rookie to make plays that happen during broken-down opportunities when the quarterback is scrambling. He knows how to exploit defenses and find open holes in the zone, which he did a lot at Michigan. He is reliable to catch the ball in a crowd and is also a threat deep. A very good athlete when the ball is in the air.
								Hemingway is a slow mover off the line and can get jammed up at times. He is a decent route runner but hasn't run many pro-style routes while working in Michigan's offense. He is not a very quick-twitched player and lacks speed variance and explosion in his routes.
							
2012	Hank Henry	2532863	FS	Wisconsin	Henry is a two-year starter at free safety for Wisconsin, and started a handful of games at cornerback early in his career. He is a good mover who sets himself up well and is prideful about being a good cover and zone-pass player. He can track the ball well as a safety and drive to make influential plays on the back end. He has fourth-round value at the position and is continuing to rise.	Henry is a good player pre-snap; he understands how to read the offense and key in on signals to quickly decipher run from pass. Once he makes a decision to go, he is explosive to get to his area. In man coverage, he is able to stay close and make plays on the ball. He has a bit of an awkward backpedal, but it works for him and he is better coming toward the ball anyway. He has the speed to run down receivers across the field and cover deep.
								Henry is a great pass defender but labors to get involved in the run game. He is often late to come downfield, and some wonder if it's intentional, as he's quick to make decisions when identifying pass. Henry can get caught standing still as a tackler and isn't the most reliable safety to bring guys down as the last line of defense.
							
2012	Dan Herron	2532864	RB	Ohio St.	The man they call "Boom" has been a productive and powerful starting back for Ohio State over the years. He is an extremely physical runner for his size and hits the hole hard. He has production and NFL qualities, but not quite starting potential. He started on and off for three years and was implicated in Ohio State's recent NCAA troubles and forced to sit out the first five games of his senior year. He is an effective slasher-type with third- or fourth-round value. He would need to play special teams to make a 53-man roster and has displayed the physicality to do so.	Herron is quick out of his stance to get the ball and make a decision whether to hit the whole, or sink his hips and ignite his explosive lateral step to get outside. He has good vision once through the hole, but is better running outside than through the tackles. He can quickly get to top speed and will accelerate throughout the play; he has deceptive top end speed. He is secure with the football and a good receiving option out of the backfield. Boom is tough and will stick his face in front of rushing linebackers effectively.
								Herron has decent ability to run between the tackles. He hasn't run many NFL-type routes out of the backfield in college, where he was used more as a safety outlet. Herron can neutralize blitzes but can get overpowered by men simply bigger than him.
							
2012	T Y Hilton	2532865	WR	Florida International	Hilton was a three-plus year starter at an emerging Florida International program. He has had a ton of production there despite his size, and is an athletic mover who has the speed to take the top off a defense. He is good off the line and has fourth-round value as a receiver and return specialist at the next level.	Hilton is an explosive returner who uses good judgment when fielding the ball. As a receiver he is a deep threat who can create separation when running deep due to his superior long speed. He is a decent route runner who works well out of the slot.
								Hilton is undersized and it shows when blocking in the run game. He has a tough time breaking down and getting hands on a DB and using strength to hold on thereafter. He is a deep threat and has production there but is not a reliable short-to-intermediate throwing option.
							
2012	Danny Hrapmann	2532866	K	Southern Miss	A three-year contributor for the Golden Eagles (and primarily handling kickoffs at SE Louisiana in 2007 before sitting out the following year to transfer to Southern Mississippi), who hasn?t shown much in terms of technique but has an active and strong leg. His leg strength is his greatest asset, as he projects to be capable of consistent touchbacks at the pro level. As one of the top kicking prospects this year, a team could take a shot on him late in the draft.	Hrapmann can place the ball well on kickoffs and has distance placekicking as well. He has handled the elements and pressure well, but needs to work on his approach and overall technique to match the strength that could serve him as a pro.
								Hrapmann can be sporadic at times but is one of the highest-regarded kickers in his class. 
							
2012	Emil Igwenagu	2532867	TE	Massachusetts	Igwenagu is an intriguing prospect who never really found a consistent position at UMass, but contributed as a tight end and could play the role of a hybrid H-back type player in the NFL. He can run well for his size and is crafty in getting open, catching the ball, and moving up the field. He isn't a deep threat and gets his production in close, mostly on short first downs. He could be a late-round flier for a team looking to use him on short passing downs.	Igwenagu is a powerful mover who is tough to bring down once he has the ball. He relies on his strength in routes to separate at the last moment and get open. He has a little bit of shake to him once he has the ball, and can overpower linebackers who come in to tackle him. 
								Igwenagu is a slow mover who has to rely on his strength when running routes against linebackers. There could be concern that he will have trouble being productive against more athletic NFL linebackers with similar strength and the ability to stay with him and not get overpowered.
							
2012	Duke Ihenacho	2532868	SS	San Jose St.	Ihenacho has been a force in the secondary since arriving at San Jose State -- when healthy. He has played corner in the past but finished his senior year at safety and projects best to that position at the next level. Ihenacho is a strong run defender who can also cover deep, and has fourth-round value.	Ihenacho is physical when coming down to support the run. He is alert in zone and understands when to bite and when to play back. He is explosive and a quick reactor in run and pass. He has the athletic ability to finish plays in the pass game and the speed to come up and meet running backs to deliver one of his trademark punishing blows.
								Ihenacho has some problems with his technique when working in his backpedal. He usually prefers to shuffle and then run forward to make plays, so he may have a tough time covering in man or playing out of close alignments at the next level.
							
2012	George Iloka	2532869	FS	Boise St.	Iloka has been a very productive player for Boise State and has been a factor since arriving in 2008. He is a superb zone defender who understands how to diagnose and react to plays. He is the quarterback of the secondary and has length to make plays and the speed to have range in zone. He should be a backup early on and contribute early on, and displays starting traits; third-round value.	Iloka is good to diagnose a play and be in position in zone. He aligns very deep but has the speed to react and get involved when he needs to. He sticks his foot in the ground and goes once he makes a decision. He has good body control to break down and tackle or leap, and make a play on the ball once involved. He is reliable to make the interception when in front of it and comes down hard to meet running backs with physicality in run support.
								Iloka can struggle when having to mirror in man. He doesn't give up deep plays because he plays so deep, but this could also be considered a knock on him because he will likely have to align closer in the NFL.
							
2012	Melvin Ingram	2532870	DE	South Carolina	Ingram is one of the most athletically gifted prospects in this year?s class. He came to South Carolina as an inside linebacker and has since played in various positions across the front seven. Ingram?s motor, athleticism and technique allow him to bring dynamic playmaking ability to an NFL defense, whether he lines up at defensive tackle or defensive end. Some believe he could be moved to outside linebacker in a 3-4 scheme to rush the passer and overpower offensive tackles. There is a chance he continues rising up boards and is potentially selected in the first round of the draft.	Versatility. Ingram has an uncommon blend of speed and overall athleticism for a big man. Parlayed with a strong motor and instincts that have allowed him to lineup in numerous positions across the field, Ingram is around the ball often. He is quick off the snap and technically refined working the line of scrimmage, the type of lineman who can continuously defeat blocks to play the run or pass and make plays. 
								The weaknesses in Ingram?s play as a defensive tackle are all about physical limitations such as height, weight and arm length. His short arms and size make it tough for him to eliminate double teams playing inside, and there are uncertainties about his effectiveness there at the next level. He'll also have to prove he has the first step to play defensive end and the movement skills to be moved to linebacker.
							
2012	Bruce Irvin	2532871	DE	West Virginia	Bruce is a compelling prospect whose athletic ability is as unique as his path to the NFL. An electrifying pass rusher who will fit as either a specialist DE or an OLB in a 3-4 scheme, Irvin uses a flurry of moves and his uncanny athletic ability to maneuver his undersized frame around and through offensive linemen to produce massive sack production in his limited views at West Virginia. A player who is hampered by his size and amount of snaps taken at a high level, Irvin should be selected within the first two rounds of the draft by a team looking for a boost in their ability to get to the quarterback.	Irvin has an array of moves that he uses when working the outside on an offensive tackle. He can use an explosive plant and drive that allows him to get up under the chin of a tackle and disengage quickly to gain separation, or simply use his short area burst to dip and run around a blocker. He is a stellar outside run defender and rarely lets plays get outside of him even though he struggles to hold an edge at the point of attack. His athletic ability is what allows him to be a read-and-react player in the run game, yet still be effective. He can keep his balance even when shocked by much bigger linemen and is a reliable tackler when he gets to the ball. Bruce would be an ideal option at outside backer in a 3-4 defense where he can focus solely on rushing the passer. 
								Although he was effective as a run defender in his senior year, for the better part of Irvin's career he struggled to stay on the field on non-passing downs. He is inexperienced as a three-down defender, and it remains to be seen if he can be a reliable option defending the run. He also, surprisingly, struggles when given the task of covering tight ends one on one, and up to this point has been widely considered a pass rush only option for the West Virginia defense. 
							
2012	Asa Jackson	2532872	CB	Cal Poly	Jackson is a four-year starter from Cal Poly-San Luis Obispo. While there are a limited amount of prospects out of SLO in the past few years, Jackson projects to be the best. He has strong footwork and understands how to cover in man. The level he has been displaying his skills could hurt him, but there is little denying his speed and athletic ability give him a great shot to compete at the next level, and the potential factor in his game could affect his value from a mid-round pick to even higher.	While he has a history of getting beat from time to time, Jackson has been a productive corner for years. He is effective in the run game and has the instincts to make plays on the ball in both the run and pass game. He isn't the most physical corner, but he displays great range to recover when getting beat and almost always shows up around the ball.
								Jackson will be knocked for playing at a small school, but he has shown the ability to cover NFL talent within the conference over the years. He can struggle at times in his back pedal and will likely not be an option to play right away at the next level.
							
2012	Malik Jackson	2532873	DT	Tennessee	Jackson came to UT after leaving USC during the grace period granted to players there during the NCAA-imposed sanctions, and has really blossomed during his time in the SEC, becoming a two-year starter for the Volunteers. Although severely undersized for the defensive tackle position (he had to gain weight early in his career at USC to even see playing time at DE), Jackson has gotten upwards of 270 pounds and been an effective scheme player when slanting and stunting for Tennessee. He will likely switch back to DE in the NFL, but 3-4 base defense teams could be excited about him playing DE considering his time spent inside. He has seventh-round value as a versatile d-lineman.	Jackson is quick off the ball, and more effective when given space to not have to face bigger linemen, usually through a schematic call that allows him to run free through a gap. Although undersized, he is able to hold up bigger linemen and then shed those players to get to the ball. He had good rush production inside even though he was often physically overmatched, and once in the backfield he is a fluid mover toward the ball. 
								Jackson can get washed out at times by stronger offensive linemen. Strength has been his consistent Achilles heel and it's a wonder that he survived after being moved inside after transferring. He is better suited at end and even then could struggle to get off blocks against Pro Bowl-caliber offensive linemen.
							
2012	Jamaar Jarrett	2532874	DE	Arizona State	Jarrett has been a mainstay at the defensive end position for the Sun Devils for the past four years. He is a stocky defensive end who holds the point of attack well and is a force in run defense. He will be attractive to 3-4 teams, who could insert him as a defensive end focused on lane clogging instead of pass rushing. He has late-round talent because of his size and experience at a high level.	He has a solid anchor to sustain on blocks and the upper body strength to shed. He can jolt linemen back right after the snap. He is effective as a run defender and can engulf ball carriers with his long arms.
								Jarrett is not very effective as a pass rusher, as he can often get stonewalled at the point of attack because of a lack of rush moves. He is a bit of a slow mover who labors at times and has trouble getting an initial step on tackles out of his stance. He would be better served working inside or as a 3-4 defensive end, where less emphasis is placed on rushing the passer.
							
2012	Janoris Jenkins	2532875	CB	North Alabama	Jenkins was a three-year starter at Florida before transferring to North Alabama after multiple run-ins with the law and the Gators' coaching staff. While there are some character concerns, Jenkins is a natural cover corner who has strong instincts and athletic ability to cover top wideouts. Size is also a concern for Jenkins, but he has shown the ability to match up with big-time SEC talent through the years. He looks comfortable with the ball in his hands as a returner and projects to contribute there, as well. If teams can overlook his off-field transgressions, Jenkins has the natural abilities to be a bonafide first-round talent and potentially could be selected in the first 15 picks. 	Jenkins is an explosive player who can stay with receivers and cover in man and zone alike. His ability to read plays and react to them allow him to be around the ball, where he uses his athletic ability, quickness, and closing speed to finish plays. Jenkins has impressive hips, and his fluidity stands out and makes him a natural at the position. A flexible athlete, he is quick-twitched and can ignite a powerful plant foot at any time or position to react on a ball or move by a receiver. He has shown the ability to completely blanket a receiver and effortlessly move in transition to stay with and on top of almost any wideout at the collegiate level. Despite size, Jenkins can jam and re-route the receiver well at the line and play with physicality in run support. He is a classic man-cover corner who uses his superior athletic ability and instincts to stay a step ahead.
								Aside from off-field concerns, Jenkins projects as an undersized corner. He could have trouble adapting to the size and physicality of some top NFL wide receivers, as his ability to tackle and provide support against the run has been a question mark up to this point and will remain so at the next level.
							
2012	A.J. Jenkins	2532876	WR	Illinois	Jenkins was a two-year starter at Illinois (while also starting four games over his first two years) for the now-departed Ron Zook and has the speed to take the top off of defenses in the NFL. He separates well when running with defenders and is good in securing the catch. He has shown a good amount of production and has fifth-round value at the next level if he can continue to get open the way he did in the Big Ten.	Jenkins is quick off the ball and gets to top speed quickly. If he gets a free release, he can be tough for corners to stay with initially. He has ability to separate when necessary and is very fluid throughout his routes. His body is strikingly under control throughout, and he has good balance if corners try to push into his hips in-phase. Jenkins is willing to go across the middle and always reaches out to pluck the ball. He is effective both long and deep but is less of a threat after the catch as he is running his routes.
								At the line, Jenkins initiates a hard step in, then back out, as his go-to move to release off the line, and corners can see it coming at times and get their hands in his chest to throw him off. He is a smooth runner, but he will take plays off and doesn't seem to run every route as hard as the next.
							
2012	Trumaine Johnson	2532877	CB	Montana	Johnson is arguably one of the best and most polished NFL prospects to come out of the Big Sky Conference in quite some time. He is a big, athletic cover corner who has completely dominated his competition to this point in his career. He has the speed and agility to stay with receivers and also the height -- a shade over 6-foot-2 -- to match up in the red zone. Despite playing in the Football Championship Subdivision, Johnson is an NFL-ready corner who is projected to be picked in the second round.	Johnson is a lanky defender who has the athletic ability to stay in a receiver's hip and make plays. He uses his arms effectively in press coverage and jabs receivers to interrupt their routes and timing within the offense. He understands when to react in zone and possesses the long speed to take risks there and still recover. He is good at reading the receiver's hips, reacting to their drop and quickly making a play on the ball. He is a very effective tackler and imposing athlete at the position.
								Johnson could be knocked for not having experience covering receivers in top-notch conferences like other corners at the top of the draft board. There will undoubtedly be a learning curve for him at the next level. Although he is a good tackler against the run, he can get caught on blocks at times and needs to learn to shed more quickly.
							
2012	Leonard Johnson	2532878	CB	Iowa St.	Johnson started for four years (five games as a freshman) at cornerback for Iowa State. He has played both the field and boundary corners and is a good lateral mover and overall athlete for the position. He is not a speed guy and can struggle in transition, but he is a strong player and is patient playing both man and in zone. He is reliable to keep his side of the field covered and with his experience, has late third round value.	Johnson has a good feel for his man when covering him and,  although he can labor at times, is good in his back pedal and staying with a man in transition. He plays the ball well, coming towards it or working away and running deep, and is a very physical tackler who makes his presence felt from the outside. He is good when running downfield to flip his head and torque his body to make plays on the ball. 
								Johnson is a solid all-around player who doesn't quite possess elite corner speed for the next level. He does many things in his game to avoid getting exposed, but it will be tough to look past at the next level.
							
2012	Rishaw Johnson	2532879	G	California (PA)	Rishaw has been a tough and consistent starter for small-school Cal U in Pennsylvania. He is a transfer from Ole Miss, and there are questions that arise from his departure there. He is a reliable backup option early as an athletic big body, and he has fourth-round value.	Rishaw is a good run blocker who sticks on his blocks and is quick to get into them off the line. He shows a pop to jolt back defenders. He has good foot quickness in pass protection and is a technically sound interior lineman.
								Some teams will not like his dismissal from Ole Miss, but some will see it as a way to get an athletic player late in the draft because of how it affects his value. He is an unreliable pass protector and has to work in close quarters to be productive.
							
2012	James-Michael Johnson	2532880	ILB	Nevada	Johnson has played both outside and inside during his four years at Nevada, finishing up at the Mike position in his final two years. He has been a productive tackler and is an obvious leader and inspiration on the defense. He is athletic and thick, and he brings power to the line of scrimmage when tackling. He has fourth-round talent and has the temperament to contribute on special teams early.	Johnson is thick, and it shows when he tackles. He is a form tackler and sure to bring runners down. He is strong and can shed blocks with ease, and he fills the gap quickly in Nevada's defense. He is instinctive and highly active on the field, and is smooth in his pass set. He reacts well to both run and pass and should develop into a starter.
								Johnson can struggle making plays on the ball, as he is always around the play but has a tough time making the play on it in passing downs. He can cover in man but is better in zone and could get outrun by tight ends in the NFL. He is not very fast and is better served playing inside the box.
							
2012	Marcel Jones	2532881	T	Nebraska	Jones is one of the top offensive tackles in the class after starting for two years on some highly productive Nebraska offensive lines. He has the size and footwork to compete for a job at left tackle at the next level, and such prospects often have second or third round value. Jones is no different, and he has the talent to start early in his NFL career. Look for him to make a move to the right side, though, as he is less reliable powering off his right foot and isn't quite at the level to start immediately protecting on the left side.	He is a polished run blocker from his time spent in the Nebraska offense, but he is an accomplished pass protector as well. He has size to block any defensive end in the NFL and a pass set and anchor to stop a bull rush. He is athletic enough to recover against pro defensive ends and would be a physically imposing player on any offensive line. He likely will need to begin his NFL career on the right side as he develops the flexibility and reliability to be a blindside blocker.
								Jones can struggle at times in space, as he is a big man and can take a few steps to get going. He is reliable at sustaining blocks once there but can struggle to throttle down and set on linebackers.
							
2012	Dwight Jones	2532882	WR	North Carolina	A classic underweight, tall receiver who has decent agility but is more of a crafty pass catcher who makes plays happen once the ball is thrown to him. Dwight could stand to put on weight before entering the draft, but his speed at the collegiate level was borderline, albeit deceptive, and more weight could hinder his ability to occasionally get behind defenders. He has 3rd/4th round value as a receiver.	Dwight has size for the next level and has used it well throughout his career at Carolina. He gets off the line quickly and can avoid the jam, using his long limbs to his advantage. He is a natural hands catcher who will go through the middle and catch the ball, and has deceptive speed to get deep behind defenses. He's not a burner, but uses his savvy and jumping skills to go up and get the ball when thrown up to him. He understands how to run routes and can get in and out of his breaks at the top of routes despite his height. He has been a reliable receiver for the Tar Heels.
								Jones is a skinny receiver who can struggle at times going across the middle. He is capable at times and shown the ability, but will alligator arm the ball at times when peeking at safeties coming down on him. This is synonymous with some of his other various hitches, such as disappearing at times in games or for entire games. While he has decent speed, if he puts on weight this area could be a concern, and he is a nonexistent blocker at his current weight. He hasn't displayed much effort in contributing to the run game up to this point. 
							
2012	Ben Jones	2532883	C	Georgia	Ben has started at center since arriving on campus at Georgia. He is a leader on the field who made all the calls up front for the Bulldogs. He is a savvy player who doesn't have great athletic ability but understands angles when blocking and plays to his strengths. He is a reliable backup option early on and worthy of a sixth-round pick.	Jones is very good at staying with his blocks and sealing off defenders in the run game. He has trouble moving defenders backwards but is efficient in the way that he mirrors and can seal at the last second to create a whole. He is similar when pass blocking, he understands his strengths and sets early to be able to stall bull rushers and keep sustain.
								Jones has trouble with his footwork in many aspects of the game. He is savvy enough to overcome it, but is exposed when he is in open space attempting to pull. They can get very choppy and limit his ability to move quickly towards his destination point. He is a very non-explosive blocker who relies on his ability to mirror and his overall strength.
							
2012	Marvin Jones	2532884	WR	California	Jones has been a productive starter as a possession-type receiver for the Cal Bears the past three years. He does not possess great speed but seems to have a good understanding of his body and how to play to his strengths and get open. Jones has played with a quarterback the last year who is always looking to scramble and throw on the run, and Jones has been a good option for him working to get open downfield. He can make tough catches with a foot in bounds to get a first down when working up field and is a good outlet given his catch radius and hand strength when catching the ball. 	Jones is big off the line in terms of knowing how to explode into a corner's face so that he can keep his hands off them and get a corner to turn their hips early in the route and keep him off balance. Jones is not a very smooth in-route runner and has some tendencies in terms of drifting away from the ball that could hurt him at the next level, but he is effective in stemming his routes off the line and understanding how to lean on DBs to get open at the top of routes. Jones has incredible hands and can extend to snatch balls that are thrown high over his head and has the flexibility in his hips to go down and snag balls thrown at his ankles. 
								Jones can find holes in coverage and use a lean to separate when running routes, but when he is covered closely at his hip by DBs, he has a tough time separating with his acceleration or speed. He is more of a smooth runner who won't blow by many NFL corners, and although he is a deep threat from his jumping ability and ability to adjust to and catch the ball, he doesn't use speed to win in anything that he does.
							
2012	Coryell Judie	2532885	CB	Texas A&M	Judie has been a two-year starter for Texas A&M but struggled with injuries in 2011 and will get rotated out at times. He is a man cover corner who does not play instinctively. He has good length in his arms to make recover plays and is effective working out of press. He would be a good player in a man scheme and makes flashy plays on the ball. Judie could compete to make the team based on his reliability as a return man, and has sixth-round talent because of that.	Judie excels playing man coverage. He can stay with his man throughout the play but will need coaching on making plays once the ball is thrown. He can make interceptions but is not aggressive to squeeze the route when running close. He has been a good zone player as well throughout his time at Texas A&M. He has value at the next level as a returner, where he has been productive in college.
								Judie struggles at the end of plays to finish on the ball. Injuries have led him to regress throughout his senior year and turned from a serious return threat and a guy who could press to start in the NFL early into a guy who would now just be serviceable at the position. He needs to rekindle the aggressiveness he displayed throughout his junior year.
							
2012	Josh Kaddu	2532886	LB	Oregon	Kaddu has been a steady presence for Oregon's defense as a starter the past two seasons. He is a good player in space, able to run down ball carriers but can get overpowered at the point of attack. He is athletic in coverage and in his pass drop, and is a fly-around player who is heavily involved each game. He has late-round talent as a special teams contributor and backup at linebacker.	Kaddu is an athlete at the position. He has fluid hips and an explosive twitch from his stance which allows him to make plays quickly; he is lucky considering that he is often slow to diagnose plays and this is his recovery tool. He is a fly-around player in pursuit and a classic sideline-to-sideline linebacker who needs to be in the right 4-3 defensive scheme to be successful and get tackle production. He is reliable to cover tight ends downfield.
								Kaddu is not a very instinctual player and has to rely on his athletic ability to bail out of plays where he otherwise seems loss. He has value on teams considering his physical nature and running ability, but will have a tough time adjusting to an NFL defense and being able to diagnose plays in offenses run by the likes of Peyton Manning or Tom Brady.
							
2012	Jermaine Kearse	2532887	WR	Washington	Kearse is an athletic and extremely productive receiver from Washington who has caught a lot of balls for them over the years. He is a thick, athletic receiver and a polished route runner to find his way open. He displays his athletic ability when going after the ball and can reel in most thrown his way. He could play right away as a third/fourth receiver, and has fifth-round talent for that reason.	Kearse is athletic, and it shows in his route running. He is slow off the ball, but once into his route he knows how to lean on corners to then break and separate. He understands how to sit down in zones. He is aware of the holes around him, and that's how he's gotten a lot of his production over the years. He doesn't flinch when he knows he is going to take a hit and is savvy to put the ball away when covered closely.
								Off his production, Kearse is a second-round talent, but he has been the beneficiary of many receptions in a West Coast offense over the years where he has been the go-to 'Z' receiver who sits in many of the zones waiting for a look in route progression. He has decent hands but will lose focus at times and is minimally involved in blocking for the run game.
							
2012	Case Keenum	2532888	QB	Houston	Keenum has been one of the most highly productive quarterbacks in college football history, setting the record for overall pass yardage in a career. If numbers were pure projections to the next level, Keenum would be the undisputed top pick. Unfortunately for him, his height might limit him as he moves to the next level. It's obvious that Keenum is an accurate and prolific passer working from inside the pocket. How that production translates to the NFL is the big question.	Keenum had an ungodly amount of production while at Houston. He is a good, mechanical thrower who makes quick decisions within the scheme. He understands how to read defenses and pick his spots in zones. He is an accurate thrower who puts good touch on his throws to lead his receivers. He is good to extend the play and work outside the pocket.
								Keenum is an undersized prospect, which hurts his value. Like Russell Wilson, he will need to show he can throw effectively from the pocket. He also could be considered the product of an effective, high-octane collegiate spread offense.
							
2012	Senio Kelemete	2532889	T	Washington	Kelemete has been a steady presence for Washington for four years and shown versatility across not only the offensive, but the defensive line, throughout his career. He started at defensive tackle in 2008, then switched to offensive guard for the 2009 season before starting the past two at left tackle. He is an athlete for such a big body, and it has shown at Washington. Teams will debate whether to leave him outside or move him in to guard, and he could project better there as he is a bit short for the tackle position. Look for him to be taken in the fifth round to a team in need of line depth. 	Kelemete is an athlete, especially for a lineman who could potentially be playing on the interior. He comes off the ball fast and consistently puts himself in good positions for blocks. He is able to stay with his blocks for the duration of running plays and is good to use his feet to maneuver himself in the right position when pulling and sealing. Working up to the second level, Kelemete gets in good position to get his big body in front of linebackers. He uses his hands well.
								Kelemete still has technique issues with his pass set when working from the tackle position. He has shown a tendency to set his base a bit slowly and get off balance and beat to the outside. This would need to be developed at the next level and could be yet another reason to move him inside.
							
2012	Mychal Kendricks	2532890	ILB	California	Kendricks has been a highly productive middle linebacker with a physical presence for the Golden Bears. He has had high tackle production and has been durable in his role. He will bring a physical presence to any defense and grades out as out of the top inside linebacker prospects in the draft, with 2nd round value. He is physical and capable of playing in a 3-4 scheme if necessary.	He is a very solid tackler who punishes running backs when he fills the gap on inside runs.
								NA
2012	Josh Leribeus	2532891	G	SMU	Leribeus returned for his senior campaign after being academically ineligible to play for SMU during his junior season. He returned to be the scrappy, reliable inside blocker that he has been throughout his career. He has the size and technique inside to play early at the next level or be a reliable backup, which gives him fifth-round value as a guard or potential center.	Leribeus is a very good scheme and overall run blocker in SMU's offense. He is quick off the ball with his first step and almost always gets his hands on blocks early. He is an active player who will fight to sustain his blocks downfield. He shows good effort and motor to stay with the play and is just as effective when working in space as a puller. Some small issues with his footwork and athletic ability show up when he tries to work to the second level, but overall he almost always finds a way to block his man.
								Leribeus is a bit slow and struggles athletically. This could be a problem for him at the next level, as he isn't a very strong or explosive blocker either. He would be better served to work within a zone blocking scheme where he isn't expected to fully move defenders.
							
2012	Travis Lewis	2532892	OLB	Oklahoma	Lewis was a four-year starter for the Sooners and the productive, competitive quarterback of their defense. He plays in one of the few true 3-4 schemes at the collegiate level and has value in that he can do that right away at the next level. He is a strong tackler and has fourth-round value to play right away and be a special teams contributor.	He is an athlete and is quick twitched off the snap. He is good to shed blocks and has to be considering the scheme he plays in, where offensive lines are up to the second level on him often. He is great in pursuit of outside runs and has the speed to get there. He displays a nice, athletic pass drop where he can flip his hips and set to react to balls and men coming across the middle. An aware, athletic linebacker with high tackle production.
								Travis can diagnose the play late at times, and can struggle when runners are coming directly at him. He tackles well in pursuit from the side but can't set his butt to uncoil his hips and deliver a blow at a runner coming directly at him. He has a good pass set but can't run well with tight ends in man across the field.
							
2012	Lance Lewis	2532893	WR	East Carolina	Lewis has good size for the position and is a thick, well-balanced athlete who is tough to bring down once he has the ball in his hands. He has a lengthy transfer history, but he collected himself at East Carolina, where he has started the past two years (though he missed three games with foot and knee injuries in 2011). He is a good underneath receiver who understands defensive zone schemes. He has sixth-round value.	Lewis is a good underneath target who can run, sit, find a hole in zone coverage and show his hands. He is able to separate through minor crafty moves he has in his routes that afford him just enough space to reach out his strong hands and secure the catch. He is a playmaker who has shown up at opportune times for the Pirates.
								Lewis is a poor blocker who struggles to sustain. He can get torqued around and even thrown to the ground by bigger cornerbacks. He needs to increase his strength to be able to contribute here at the next level and go across the middle with more of a vengeance. His late-season foot and knee injuries might also have a negative effect on his grade.
							
2012	Ryan Lindley	2532894	QB	San Diego St.	Lindley is an athletic signal caller from San Diego State who has first-round talent when assessing simply his arm strength. The strongest senior thrower in this year's draft, Lindley can make cross-field deep out throws with ease. He is athletic in his pass set and does a good job surveying the field for his second and third reads. His problems have surrounded his judgment at times in games, where can rely too heavily on his "gun slinger" mentality and get into trouble with interceptions and poorly placed balls. On his size and arm strength alone, Lindley should be selected in the late third round to a team looking to use him as a developmental project behind a currently stable quarterback situation.	Lindley has a very lively arm and can drive the ball from anywhere on the field off his back foot. When he is having a good game, Lindley can thread the needle and put the ball on a receiver in stride 65 yards down the field. He is athletic in his pass set and is good to extend plays and fend off would-be rushers. Lindley is a developmental talent who has value to teams who are willing to be patient with him. He could develop into a starter based off his size and arm strength.
								Lindley has been inaccurate at times and will take some time to develop at the next level. He will throw an NFL pass one play, and then come back to make a bad decision and put his team in trouble. He is athletic but can be a slow mover and take sacks from holding on to the ball too long. Most of his issues stem from his inconsistency throwing the ball in intermediate and deep routes.
							
2012	Shawn Loiseau	2532895	ILB	Merrimack	Loiseau is an interesting prospect from small-school Merrimack in the little-known Division II Northeast Ten conference. He was ignored by bigger schools after an off-field incident in high school, but displayed NFL ability throughout his time at Merrimack. He is a productive tackler and a natural at the position who can read lines and make quick plays on the ball. He has sixth-round talent based on his ability to develop at the next level.	Loiseau is a very good tackler who plays instinctively from his Mike backer position. He is quick to diagnose plays from reading the offensive line and ignites an explosive drive step to carry toward the ball. He has the size to play inside in a 4-3 scheme and could also play within a 3-4 as he has the arm strength to shed off the blocks of bigger linemen. Loiseau is an explosive and physical presence from the inside and a player who has shown the ability to play right away despite coming from the Division II ranks.
								It could hurt Loiseau that he came from a Division II school, and some teams could be turned off by what led him to the school in the first place. Loiseau can be exposed as an average athlete in space at times, and can fall off tackles when working from the outside-in. He will need a slight development period at the next level to adjust to the speed of the NFL.
							
2012	Joe Looney	2532896	G	Wake Forest	Looney is a strong interior lineman from Wake Forest who has been consistent for the Demon Deacons since stepping on campus. He is an athletic mover who blocks well in the run game and has great size. He has fourth-round value based on his production and ability to be inserted right away.	Looney is an athletic mover who is quick off the ball to get into D-linemen and get movement. He displays good technique in his sets and is very polished when using his hands. He can get upfield to hit linebackers and is effective when pulling or sealing the edge. He has been a reliable and durable interior guy at Wake Forest, and the go-to man to run behind throughout his career.
								Joe can struggle in his pass set at times. He has the feet to get there but will get aggressive and lose his balance on blockers at times. He can work to sit in his base better and be more effective here at the next level, but needs a good coach.
							
2012	D' Anton Lynn	2532897	CB	Penn St.	Lynn has faced some explosive receivers in the Big 10 and has held his own. He is a huge athlete for the position and some teams could view him as a versatile option to move to the safety position based on team need. He has the athletic ability to compete at either position, but could struggle playing man from the corner spot against some of the more talented receivers at the next level. Overall, Lynn has the size, experience, and athletic ability to be taken in the fifth round and should contribute early on special teams and contend at both the corner and safety positions. 	Lynn has good awareness when playing in zone schemes. He is effective in his backpedal and is quick to get downhill once he makes a decision to plant and drive. Lynn has good hands to make plays on the ball, and although he is not a great athlete he really knows how to employ strong technique to stay effective in his DB motions. 
								Lynn is not a great tackler or very physical player in general, which is a major weakness given his size. This will hurt the willingness of teams to try him out at the safety position. Lynn relies on awareness and technique to cover receivers, and he could be exploited at the next level against the more athletic receivers.
							
2012	Brandon Marshall	2532898	OLB	Nevada	Marshall has started every game over the past three years after starting six games as a freshman for Nevada. He isn't very tall, but he is a lanky player and has a large "tackle radius" in which he can make plays on guys by diving from yards away. He led Nevada in tackles in his junior and senior years. There are some issues with his height and athletic ability as it translates to the next level, but Marshall is a sixth-round talent based off his production and energy.	Marshall is an instinctual player who can diagnose plays quickly and be a quick reactor. He is good to work over tight ends and use his long arms to get in their chest area and disrupt their routes. He also uses his arms well to drop and shed would-be blockers when working laterally, and he has true speed to run down plays to the outside.
								Marshall is a bit short for the position and has a tough time once in his pass set to make plays on the ball. He does have good athletic ability to get into his pass set, but he looks lost at times playing zone pass defense. He is better to work within the box, where he doesn't have to use his instincts against the pass.
							
2012	Doug Martin	2532899	RB	Boise St.	Martin is a two-year starter in Boise State's electric offense, in which he has had great production toward the end of his career (1299 yards and 16 TDs in 2011). He has strong athletic ability, with his footwork being his most outstanding trait. He can make people miss in the open field and in tight spaces. He is an effective runner between the tackles and can burst through the lane to take it the distance. What stands out most about Martin is his decisiveness as a ball carrier; he often hits the hole hard. He is a natural with the ball in his hands and will bring value to an NFL team as a special teams player, either as a return option or a contributor in the coverage game. Though ball security has been a concern in the past, Martin is an overall solid back and should expect to be selected in the second round because of his ability to contribute early in several different ways.	Martin is a highly productive back with a polished all-around game. He looks and plays like a starting NFL back. He has a lot of experience carrying the ball and has been a reliable runner when closing out games for Boise State. He is careful with the ball and a very savvy runner between the tackles with the athletic ability to break it outside.
								Martin is a very traditional back who is not extremely explosive. He is good in all facets, but some scouts will knock him for not being "outstanding" in any one particular area.
							
2012	Keshawn Martin	2532900	WR	Michigan St.	Martin is an explosive mover who is quick off the snap to work into his routes. He's been a two-year starter for Michigan State and has been productive running with the ball after short catches. He can take a bubble screen the distance and uses his pure athletic ability to outmaneuver defenders. He is athletic enough to be the superior guy on an NFL field matching up against most DBs. He is a very good speed-variance route runner who can keep corners on their heels and toes. He has fourth-round value and is such a late riser with a solid, productive Big 10 championship game that he could continue to rise into the late third round.	Martin is good at varying his speed in routes. He is the type of athlete who can make ridiculous moves with his feet while still running full speed. He is explosive when moving off the ball and gets to top speed very quickly. This is usually how he dials up his routes, as he is into them before the corner is even ready. He uses this same foot quickness to get open at the top of routes. He has the speed to be a deep threat at the next level and is dangerous with the ball in his hands. He will work a lot of screens looking to get behind blocks of bigger receivers outside.
								Martin is uninspired when it comes to blocking. Despite decent size, he isn't very strong and just looks completely uninvolved. The same can be said when going across the middle; he is unreliable with defenders draped around him and needs to be completely open to finish the play. 
							
2012	Mike Martin	2532901	DT	Michigan	Martin has started the past three years inside for Michigan after making a nice impact as a true freshman. He is a tough and durable player who relies on his strength to control blockers and make plays. His strength is what defines him, he lives and dies by it.	Martin has a good feel for offensive lines and block schemes and how to slant inside of lineman to get into the backfield. He is very strong against the run and can neutralize any blocker. He can hold up a block, and then shed to get to the ball. He plays with instincts and is strong.
								Martin can struggle in space and is a stout player at the point, but he really doesn't have much production rushing the passer. Once in the backfield, he has a tough time running down the quarterback, and his athletic ability can be exposed in space.
							
2012	Markelle Martin	2532902	FS	Oklahoma St.	Martin is a fast safety who has the ability to run down receivers from all over the field. He can be exposed at times due to his average athletic ability, but has value due to his speed and all-around skills. He is a smooth athlete who has difficulty covering more quick-twitch players. He understands how to support in run but does not display the physicality to be an imposing defender on the backend. Martin is a player who is always in position across the field, which coupled with his speed allows him to rarely get beat; there is, however, an absence of electricity in his play and he projects to be a serviceable option at safety at the next level. Martin has late-round value based on his speed and productivity at Oklahoma State.	Martin brings speed to any defense and is an obvious straight-line runner. He can get the defensive backfield lined up and reacts to plays well. He has the ability to recover when there is a busted coverage, and he has the skills to make a play on the ball once he gets there. Martin is able to get ball carriers down in run support, and understands how to play zone, although the two-high shell he was in consistently at Oklahoma State didn't give him much play or scheme differentiation. He is a fluid athlete who can run with receivers when tested deep, but he is better when running toward the play and not having to flip his hips.
								Martin is a smooth, non-explosive player who plays more not to get beat than to get involved heavily in the action. He tends to catch runners when tackling, and is limited when he plays guys one-on-one. He is around the ball often, but rarely does he step in front of the ball for a big turnover.
							
2012	Rishard Matthews	2532903	WR	Nevada	Matthews has been a reliable receiver for Nevada the past two years after graduating from Bakersfield College. He is a player who uses his size and savvy to be  productive. He has added value as a returner, although he has been rather "non-explosive" in that role. The main concern is that his athletic ability does not bode well for an easy transition to the NFL.	Matthews is a very strong receiver in traffic and, although he has trouble separating and getting open against defenders, he is reliable to make the contested catch and get up field with the ball. He has a good feel within his routes for defenders around him and is able to get his hands on balls with some flashy production. He is not that athletic but has good balance and is able to break arm tackles.
								Matthews is a slow mover who labors in space. He does not display quickness off the line and struggles to get his feet moving. He can get jammed and off-routed because of this, and it will be difficult for him to overcome at the next level.
							
2012	Marquis Maze	2532904	WR	Alabama	There are question marks surrounding every aspect of Maze's departure from Alabama and entry into the draft. But putting those questions aside, Maze has done one thing consistently -- make plays at big times for the Crimson Tide. Maze uses his agility and quickness to make people miss anywhere on the field, with the explosiveness to take the play the distance. He is far from an imposing presence, however, and lacks the build and definition that many quick, slot receivers usually possess. He doesn't run crisp routes and can be shaky catching the ball at times, but his overall skill set and return ability make him a third-round value.	Maze is a naturally athletic mover who is a crafty route runner out of the slot. He is a threat to score every time he catches the ball. He is productive on screens and will be a reliable option at returner. He is a bit sloppy in his routes, but he understands how to separate and get open. He is a gamer who shows up to play and makes things happen with the ball in his hands.
								Maze is a bit undersized and has somewhat of a sloppy body for such a proactive and quick receiver. He needs to show before the draft that he has the strength to compete at the next level.
							
2012	Matt McCants	2532905	T	UAB	McCants is a late-round value pick as a developmental project at the tackle position. He has the natural size and frame for the next level, but will need to put on some weight to hold his own against bigger NFL defensive ends. He is an on/off type player who will show NFL starter traits one minute, and barely UAB starting traits the next, but overall he has late-round value based on his potential and could continue to rise as the postseason progresses.	McCants is a very good positional blocker who has fluid hips. He has the body control to get up in a defensive lineman's face, and if he falls off, can recover and continue to shuffle and mirror to keep position. This serves him better in pass protection, where he hardly ever allows a sack in his conference, but he can struggle at times in the run game, where he is not a very strong or explosive player. McCants is athletic when moving in space and plays much better when pulling or sealing than when playing in a phone booth, which could make him a guard prospect in the eyes of some NFL teams.
								McCants is not a very strong athlete and played the majority of his career under 290 pounds. He will need to put on a good deal of size and strength to block and compete at the next level. He struggles when coming out of a three-point stance and has displayed some very telling and troubling tendencies throughout college which could scare NFL teams. He is not very technically sound with his hands, and all these things come together to make a serious project for the team that wants to develop a big frame into NFL-ready skills.
							
2012	Antoine McClain	2532906	G	Clemson	McClain has been a reliable contributor for Clemson since his freshman year, starting the last three years at guard. He is a huge player for an interior lineman but has only average athletic ability. He is good to stick on his blocks in the run game and has fifth-round value based on his size and experience.	McClain excels in the run game as he is able to keep his strong hands on blocks and drive his mass upward to get a push and create space. He can recover on rushers if he is beaten initially off the snap. He is a serviceable pass protector who won't allow many sacks. He uses his big body well and will protect nicely against bigger nose tackles at the next level.
								McClain is an OK athlete who is much better blocking in close quarters than he is when working upfield. He labors to get his big body moving out in space and is not a good lateral mover. He has heavy legs and shouldn't be relied upon much to get up to the second level and block linebackers far out of his range.
							
2012	Shea McClellin	2532907	DE	Boise St.	McClellin has started three consecutive years at defensive end for Boise State. He is an undersized DE who 3-4 teams will value at the OLB position in their schemes. At just under 260 pounds, he can struggle at times against bigger linemen, but he is a decent prospect at the position and has fifth-round value, especially as a swing player.	McClellin is a strong player inside for the Broncos who uses good leverage to get under heavier offensive linemen and jolt them back in their stance. He is aggressive in his slants to get inside and create disruption in the backfield. He is stout despite playing underweight, and can hold off linemen and smother tight ends at the point of attack. He has no problem tackling and is a good pass rusher; he employs a quick-trigger off the line and uses his hands to swat and then dip around unassuming tackles. He is good to keep hands off his body, a solid defensive tactic for a player his size. Once in the backfield, he finishes plays with flare and can run down most quarterbacks.
								McClellin will have a tough time convincing teams, even though he has been productive, to take a shot on him early in the draft because of his size. He has displayed enough athletic ability for teams to consider him at outside backer, but size is his only true, glaring fault and he could absolutely stand to lose weight as he enters the next level. He can get smothered by double teams and moved aside by more powerful linemen with NFL talent.
							
2012	Jeron McMillian	2532908	SS	Maine	One of the top prospects to emerge from Maine in years, McMillian is a strong and physical safety who will be valued fairly high by an NFL team that needs help in its run defense. He is an athlete who at times can look stiff in his movements when covering the pass. When it comes to getting involved in the run game, McMillian brings it full-go every time and is a real aggressive player. His value lies in his ability to support the run and be a sure tackler, and he has sixth-round value based on this. He will likely be a make-it guy as a late-round selection for a team as he will be a reliable backup option early on and a serious contributor on special teams. Without doubt he is a player who needs to be heavily involved with the front seven and will be attractive to blitz-heavy defenses.	McMillian brings a physical presence to the back end of the defense and his game revolves around supporting the run. He reacts to passes well and can force his body hard in one direction to make a play toward the ball, much like he does in his reactions to the run. He is quick to diagnose run and pass, and reacts to the run much better coming toward the line of scrimmage than he does moving away. He is aggressive when coming downfield to defend the run; there is little hesitation in his movements. McMillian can tackle with the best of them and is effective when blitzing. He rarely misses a tackle and is NFL-ready in terms of supporting the run.
								McMillian can struggle in some of his transitional movements when playing the pass. He looks to support the run first and this can get him to bite at times and inhibits his overall ability to play the pass from his deep position. 
							
2012	Marvin McNutt	2532909	WR	Iowa	McNutt was a starter for the better part of the last three years at Iowa and a physical presence on the outside. He is a strong player who catches the ball well and can run through arm tackles once he gets the ball. McNutt has the size to excel at the next level and also has displayed the explosion and speed to project him to be a factor. He plays a bit hesitant at times when blocking in run support and running through traffic.	McNutt is reliable to get his hands on the ball and make a tough catch when it's thrown anywhere near him. He has good awareness to get open on broken plays and drag his feet along the sidelines. He is a viable possession-type option for quarterbacks looking to pick up a quick first down. 
								McNutt can struggle when running routes across the middle. There are consistency and effort issues when blocking and running decoy routes that aren't intended to him, and he can struggle off the line if he isn't decisive and powerful with his first step.
							
2012	Vaughn Meatoga	2532910	DT	Hawaii	Vaughn is a slightly undersized interior defensive lineman who has strong skills and technique to play either a 3 technique or possibly even defensive end in a 3-4 scheme. He has a motor that doesn't stop and has strength to bull through blockers. He is active at the point of attack with his hands and displays an array of moves. A good scheme player who benefits from free lanes and stunts, Meatoga shows up as an athletic big man when pursuing ball carriers. He is active against the run and is able to get to ball carriers and be an active tackler from his position, making him potentially attractive at 3-4 defensive end despite his height. He doesn't have a ton of pass-rush value but should be selected near the fifth round and inserted into a defensive line rotation early.	Meatoga is quick off the line of scrimmage and uses his eyes to pick his spots and get into the backfield to disrupt plays. He is active when fighting one on one, and also as plays break down, in pursuit. Once he gets a lane, Vaughn can explode towards the quarterback and make a play. He is an all-around athlete at the position who is polished in many aspects of his game.
								Meatoga is a bit undersized and has trouble getting through blocks when linemen get their hands on him early. He can be inconsistent at times and will get stalled by linemen or disappear for stretches. If Meatoga can make a quick move or jolt an O-lineman early, he often finishes and makes a play. If he gets engaged quickly he has a tough time recovering and making any production.
							
2012	De'Quan Menzie	2532911	CB	Alabama	Menzie has some hitches in his athletic ability that will make for a tough transition to the NFL. He is consistently around the ball, however, and making splash plays for the decorated Crimson Tide defense. He is the type of player whose whole is greater than the sum of its parts in terms of the type of player he will be on Sundays. He is a playmaker and savvy cover man who has second-round value.	Menzie is a very instinctual corner who relies on his ability to anticipate the throw and break on the ball to disrupt passes. He is a strong player when working in tight space and can use his agility and natural foot quickness to stay on a receiver's hip until the last second. He is a strong player in zone and understands when to take chances and jump routes. He scans the entire field and helps when needed in these schemes. He is an athlete who relies on his speed and explosion to recover if receivers ever get a step on him. He never shies away from contact and is a productive tackler working from the outside-in.
								Menzie is a solid all-around prospect who has fluid hips and athletic ability, which he relies on too heavily at times. He takes chances in man coverage that could hurt him at the next level.
							
2012	Ryan Miller	2532912	G	Colorado	There will be discussions whether or not to move Miller outside to tackle or keep him inside at guard, his primary college position. This debate revolves around Miller's size, much like last year's first round pick at OT, Nate Solder. Given Miller's solid athletic ability and size, a move to the outside seems imminent. Miller would need to learn the position after spending the past two years inside, but he could transition well with his talent and versatility. Look for Miller to be selected early on as a result of his size, athletic ability and versatility on the line; he could go as early as the late first round, but most likely will settle in nicely in the second round.	Miller did everything well on the front line for Colorado as he is able to come off the ball quickly and bend well despite his immense height. In the parts of three years he spent at tackle, he sustained on his blocks well and often finishes through the play.
								Some will consider Miller a tweener and wonder if there is a hidden aspect to his ability that made him play inside despite prototypical tackle size. He is a bit of a slow mover and will take some time to develop if moved outside to tackle.
							
2012	Chase Minnifield	2532913	CB	Virginia	Minnifield is a savvy and polished corner who may not electrify a defense at the next level but projects to be serviceable as a starting corner and a stalwart in both defending the pass and run. Minnifield clearly understands how to play to his strengths. While it can seem at times like he has a "just don't get beat deep" mentality at the position, he is an effective player who will fill in run support and also cover in both man and zone. Minnifield would likely excel in a zone scheme at the next level and does not quite possess the speed and athletic ability to be taken in the first round of the draft. Expect him to be taken at some point in the second and contribute early.	Minnifield has good instincts and is a player who reacts to the ball well. He keeps his eyes on the quarterback and is good to react to plant and drive towards the receiver when the ball is thrown. He is an effective player in man playing up close and off, and also in zone. He has somewhat of a choppy backpedal, but his ability to plant and drive using his foot quickness makes up for being somewhat out of position in his pedal. He is a good ball player and can support in run defense. 
								Minnifield can get in trouble at times because of a back pedal that can get out of control. His technique is strong in all other areas, but he can struggle when working backwards with his eyes towards the receiver. He has a slight hitch in transition when turning his hips. He has always been a willing tackler but has never been a punished and shied away from contact a bit in 2011.
							
2012	David Molk	2532914	C	Michigan	Molk won the 2011 Rimington Trophy as the nation's top center after starting four years at Michigan. He has good speed for his position and is a strong player. He is slightly underweight, but it hasn't effected his play much up to this point. He can be late to pick up blitzes at times and struggles in his technique, but he has solid value and should be selected near the fifth round.	Molk is quick off the line of scrimmage and gains an advantage on his man immediately. He is also quick to get out when pulling and can gather speed rather quickly to bury any linebacker in his site. He displays good footwork in nearly all of his movements and has a good pass set where he is able to quickly chop his feet and adjust to oncoming rushers.
								Molk can have trouble sustaining his blocks through the end of run plays. He often has to pull his man down with him to keep him out of the play and finds it difficult to generate enough push early to create a solid hole for his backs. He is reliable to not allow sacks in pass production but can get off balance when setting against bull rushes.
							
2012	Bryant Moniz	2532915	QB	Hawaii	Moniz has done everything in his power to overcome uncontrollable inhabitants of his game, such as his height and making himself a household name from a remote island in the Pacific. The former pizza boy-turned walk-on turned-All WAC player could get selected in the late rounds of the draft by a team looking to utilize his athletic ability, but his mechanics and size are less than desirable, and he will have a tough time finding a way onto a 53-man roster come fall.	Like many Hawaii quarterbacks of the past, Moniz has posted gaudy numbers that rival the production of any top quarterbacks in the country. He works well within his scheme and is able to drive the ball down the field to his receivers. He picks his spots well and is accurate when working out of the pocket. He is a great athlete who can evade sacks and has a strong leg base.
								Moniz is severely undersized and widely regarded as the product of a productive scheme. He will have a hard time throwing over the line and being efficient at the next level.
							
2012	Kashif Moore	2532916	WR	Connecticut	Moore is a fast, undersized receiver out of Connecticut who teams will want to take a late shot on in the draft simply to see if he can channel his inner-Johnny Knox and become more than a combine-speed guy. Moore has good quickness off the line of scrimmage and is good to secure the ball when running deep. Although he has great speed, he uses it more effectively running quick, intermediate routes than he does running deep to extend the field. He has late-round value due to his speed if teams can look past his size.	Moore is quick off the ball and stemming to get into his route. He is a very sharp route runner who makes extremely quick movements. When he sticks his foot in the ground, the corner is usually laboring right past him due to the effectiveness of his cuts. This helps Moore in his short-route game, and he is more effective working here than he is running deep. For his size, he is good to catch the ball across the middle and doesn't worry about getting hit; he has strong hands and is reliable when the ball is thrown within the radius of his small frame.
								Moore is an undersized receiver who actually doesn't even use his speed to extend the field, which he will have to do to make it in the NFL. He can struggle if jammed early at the line and labors to adjust and torque his body when running in-phase. He can separate from defenders but struggles to get his eyes up after breaking off routes to locate the quarterback and secure a catch.
							
2012	Kellen Moore	2532917	QB	Boise St.	Moore has been at the forefront of draft discussions for years. Moore was the undisputed leader for a Boise State team that won nearly every time they took the field with him under center. However, there are certain skill sets that are essential for success in the NFL that will make Moore heavily scrutinized during the draft process. His size and arm strength are key contributors to a value that doesn't match his college production. Look for a team to take Moore in the late rounds looking to bring in a strong leader, heady quarterback, and potential backup onto their team.	Moore is a strong leader and very poised in the pocket and under pressure. He has a quick pass set that is balanced and under control. He gets rid of the ball quickly and picks his spots effectively, although his release is slightly a 3/4 sidearm. He has all the intangibles and is a very accurate thrower both short and long. He understands route progressions and how to put touch on the ball. He will scan the field and locate his second and third options. This is a quarterback that is under control.
								Moore is just under six feet tall, which is the major knock on his game as it translates to the next level. He struggles when throwing on the run and working outside the pocket, and is a very slow mover with his feet. The biggest knock on Moore is his arm strength, as he doesn't show the ability to drive the ball down the field with velocity. With the timing and effectiveness he has worked with under Boise State's system, Moore often lobs the ball and puts touch on it, his deep outs will likely be intercepted early in the NFL if he can't learn to drive it harder.
							
2012	Brandon Mosley	2532918	OT	Auburn	Mosley has not been playing tackle long, as he played defensive end and tight end at Coffeyville Community College who converted to the position after signing with Auburn. He continues to develop both physically and with his skill set, and has some traits that make him a late-round prospect. Expect him to possibly be selected in the seventh round by a team with the depth and patience to develop his big body on the outside.	Mosley is good to mirror the defender and keep his man in front of him. He is not a violent blocker but can move people enough to create a hole. He has played in a spread offense where he was responsible for walling defenders off and getting to the second level, which he excels at.
								Mosley is a clear developmental prospect for two reasons: He hasn't played the position long, and he played in a spread offense which is far from conventional for an NFL tackle. He will have a serious developmental phase and would have a tough time playing immediately.
							
2012	Luke Nix	2532919	OG	Pittsburgh	Nix was a starter for three years -- one at right tackle and two at right guard -- for Pittsburgh. He embodied Pitt's physical attitude and is a very strong player when run blocking and pass setting. He is technique-savvy, and it shows when he uses his hands to keep defenders at bay and employs a strong, powerful pass set and solid anchor. Nix has third-round value as an option to start early inside and will be a reliable player for the team that selects him. He could play outside, as he has the necessary size and athletic ability. This position versatility will boost his value.	Nix is fast off the snap to get into a defensive tackle's face, and he displays the same speed when pulling around to get to linebackers. He keeps his feet moving when he engages and can drive defenders backwards. Nix is able to keep a steady balance and sustain on his blocks despite the wide base he falls back into when contact is initiated. He can handle strong defenders and is one of the strong anchor-type guards who can sit back and absorb a heavy rush without getting blown back. Nix has been a consistent and durable player inside for Pitt.
								While he does possess good footwork, Nix has a tough time breaking down in space to fit on athletic linebackers once he reaches the second level. He has decent hands when working blocks, but stronger players can beat him. Nix relies on a sturdy base with much of his blocking and that could get him in trouble against more powerful players at the next level.
							
2012	Josh Norman	2532920	CB	Coastal Carolina	Norman is a solid prospect from small-school Coastal Carolina. He has great size for the cornerback position and parlays this with an ability to move fluidly and match up with big, athletic wide receivers. He reminds some of a young Ike Taylor, a tall and athletic big corner from a smaller school. Norman does not quite possess the blazing speed that Taylor did when coming into the NFL, however. Teams will be worried about the level of competition he has been playing at for the past four years, but look for Norman to be selected in the fourth round to a team looking to develop a young, big, athletic corner, and contribute early on special teams. 	Norman can play man and zone equally well and was a physical presence on the outside of the defense at Coastal Carolina. He understands when to take risks and when to play back, and he is physical when he makes his decision to come up. He supports the run well and is a reliable tackler. He works well to feel with his hands to stay on a receiver in-phase, and has the hip mobility to move with his man all over the field.
								Norman has not faced top-level competition at Coastal Carolina and could have an adaption period early on. He will need to contribute on special teams to stick, which he hasn't done much at Coastal. He is taller and can struggle with some hip/transitional movements moving to his left, but it's not a major concern and surely will be part of the adaptation process.
							
2012	Brad Nortman	2532921	P	Wisconsin	Nortman has been a steady, reliable punter for Wisconsin, employing a strong leg and consistency. He can routinely boot it more than 45 yards and has potential to be drafted in the late rounds by a team with a need at the position.	Nortman has an athletic, lively leg and can really drive the ball. He is capable of many different kicks, and is accurate in placing the ball within the 20-yard line. He is very capable of punting on Sundays.
								Nortman has a tendency to let the ball get away from him every now and then and shank one off to his left, but this hasn't been a consistent problem and he was reliable in his senior year.
							
2012	Kelechi Osemele	2532922	T	Iowa St.	Osemele is a player who will need strong coaching and guidance once entering the NFL, but if he finds his way and becomes a consistent player, he stands to be a dominant lineman based off his production and film at Iowa State. He has great athletic ability and gets off the line very quickly. He understands, for the most part, blocking with angles and within a scheme, and has the natural upper strength to keep on his blocks once he gets to them. When using technique, Osemele is one of the more powerful and dominant blockers in the country. Very rarely do defenders release themselves from his blocks, and if he can learn to get to the block sooner at the NFL level, he can be a stalwart for years to come. His potential as a go-to run blocker for the next decade could find him selected as early as the first round.	Osemele is an extremely strong, natural run blocker. He is explosive off the line and can visibly jolt defenders back either with a strong arm -- extension or a ferocious uncoiling of his hips. Once engaged, he can ignite a powerful, high-kneed leg drive to keep defenders at bay. If Osemele can learn to play with consistency and channel his explosiveness, he could be an overwhelming blocker who is dominant at the next level. His natural ability is apparent in his play.
								Osemele is somewhat of a raw player and can disappear for stretches. He is highly effective once engaged, but has had trouble sticking onto blocks in the first place against more athletic players. He has to take better angles to his blocks on the second level to be effective in the NFL. He is not a pure tackle and may have more value at guard, which may make some teams wonder if he is worth the time and early-round investment as a project when they have an immediate need to fill. He is somewhat of a risk to take in the front end of the draft, despite the physical abilities that will likely land him there.
							
2012	Chris Owusu	2532923	WR	Stanford	Owusu has been a reliable receiver and return threat for Stanford throughout his career, who faced an unfortunate set of injuries in his senior season that could severely hurt his draft status going into 2012. With the current attention being given to concussions and the "return-to-play" protocols, teams will have a tough time justifying Owusu as he recovers from a concussion-laden senior season. Despite these red flags, Owusu is a mature player on the field who would be a reliable return option when healthy.	Owusu is a smart receiver who runs routes well and knows how to get defensive backs to turn their hips to be able to stick his foot in the ground suddenly and gain separation. He has a decent sized frame and can use it to his advantage in traffic. He will go up for the ball in traffic and use his hands to catch the ball away from his body and bring it in. He is a threat after the catch with the ball in his hands, and it shows in his return skills, where he is a threat to take it the distance.
								There is some concern around Owusu's concussions, which kept him out for the better part of his senior season. Chris will have to show NFL teams he has recovered from the repeated blows and can return a strong player. His greatest value is as a returner, where he will get the job done but could struggle at the next level to be highly effective as he has only above-average speed and will have a tougher time taking it the distance against the pros.
							
2012	David Paulson	2532924	TE	Oregon	Paulson has been a reliable pass-catching tight end for Oregon. He struggles to get open, but he plays well within the Ducks' scheme to make plays when the ball is thrown. He has been a consistent and durable starter who has always been capable of keeping the chains moving within the offense. He can make the spectacular catch and has sixth-round talent based off his experience and capabilities in-route.	Paulson is athletic, although he doesn't look the part. He is quick to get out of his stance and into his route and understands to how to play to his strengths. Speed isn't his forte, but he knows how to lean on linebackers or throw a last-second jab at them to get space. He is decent as a blocker to wall off his defender, something he was asked to do a lot in Oregon's offense. He is a heady player who doesn't try to do too much and usually will make the tough catch when the ball is thrown his way.
								Paulson will find it difficult to get open at the next level going up against more athletic linebackers. He is a slow mover who struggles to change direction quickly, which could be dangerous as it will allow linebackers and safeties to recover or undercut his routes.
							
2012	Phillip Payne	2532925	WR	UNLV	Payne is an intriguing receiver prospect out of UNLV. He is tall, at over 6-foot-3, and more of a possession type than he is one to stretch the field deep. He has been productive for UNLV and has shown a skill set that could be utilized in certain situations at the next level. He excels at making a play on the ball once it's in the air, but he has a tough time getting himself open. He has late-round value based off his production and ability to be inserted into certain schemes where he could be effective at the next level.	Payne uses his size well when going up for balls. He is aware of where he is on the field and has the body control to either spin back and catch poorly thrown balls or drag his feet along the sideline to make a play. He is a possession receiver who can read and find the holes in zone defenses and use his body as a big target to make the catch. 
								Payne is not much of a deep threat and won't do much with the ball to get upfield after the catch. He is a slow mover whose feet will really hurt him at the next level if he is playing on the ball. He can get jammed up instantly and completely thrown off his route when working close to cornerbacks, and he shows the same inability to separate from them when working in the route. 
							
2012	Isaiah Pead	2532926	RB	Cincinnati	Pead is an explosive, electrifying running back from Cincinnati who has produced in all areas. He can catch the ball out of the backfield, make a guy miss and turn upfield for a score, or do all that from running inside the tackles. He uses his vision and athletic ability to find a hole and once there has the long speed to take it the distance. There are few question marks around the skill set of Pead's game; some may worry about his play transferring to the next level, as he has shown the tendency to disappear at times. But with Pead's natural athletic ability and production at the position, he should be one of the first three backs taken in the draft, with second-round value.	Pead has an initial step out of his stance that is comparable to some of the best backs currently in the league. He hits the hole explosively and gets up to top speed quickly, which allows him to get upfield and find a seam without getting touched. He has good vision once he gets through the hole, and displays the foot quickness and lateral agility to make the first defender miss. But he is careful to stick his foot in the ground and get upfield to pick up yards. He can dance around defenders but prefers to cut once and go. He can get the edge on a defense and has the breakaway speed thereafter. His burst, footwork and vision allow him to be a viable pass-catching option out of the backfield. Although he didn't do it much at Cincinnati, he is likely to catch a lot of passes at the next level. 
								Pead isn't a willing blocker and barely displays the strength to stall rushers when he does step in. He has limited experience catching passes out of the backfield, and there are questions as to his reliability and consistency will be throughout a full NFL season. He is a bit undersized and hasn't been hit enough times in college to get a feeling of what his durability will be at the next level.
							
2012	Micah Pellerin	2532927	CB	Hampton	Pellerin is a small-school, athletic prospect who has started as the field corner for Hampton for three years after transferring from Southern Mississippi. He displays his athletic ability when working to defend once the ball is in the air. He will need some developmental time covering bigger and faster receivers at the next level, but at 6 feet tall he won't get beat physically and is a strong player in all facets of the game.	Pellerin has speed and is a very technical defender in his back pedal and can ignite a powerful drive leg to come forward out of his back pedal and drive on the ball. As a cover guy, he likes to play off, probably too far off for the next level, but he is good to turn and run in a receivers hips once he gives up his cushion. He has speed to recover when beat initially off the line playing press and is an athlete when it comes to making a play on the ball.
								Pellerin would be a developmental project for the team that selects him and wouldn't be a great option to play early and often. He isn't physical in run support and struggles to get off blocks. This will be a major problem for him at the next level.
							
2012	Eddie Pleasant	2532928	SS	Oregon	Pleasant has been a consistent and durable starter during his time at Oregon. He can struggle in pass defense but is good in run support and has been a productive tackler. His high level of play and productivity make him a late-round option for a team looking for a backup and special teams player.	Pleasant is productive when moving towards the play and working near the line of scrimmage. He is a reliable tackler who can bring guys down and break down as a last option in space. He has hip fluidity but struggles with his footwork at times. He is a solid hitter who brings good size to the back end of the defense. He has the tackling ability and temperament to contribute on special teams.
								Pleasant can struggle at times covering the pass. He is better at reacting in zone coverage than he is covering man to man over a tight end. He is better at using his size to smother a tight end early in the play than he is covering for long periods of time in space.
							
2012	Tauren Poole	2532929	RB	Tennessee	Poole was hampered not by ability or injuries, but turmoil and change while at Tennessee. The coaching change hit in the middle of his career, and rebuilding phases hurt his ability to be productive. Despite this, Poole is a player who has consistently displayed the ability to run between the tackles, block, and show the overall savvy to compete and find a role in an NFL offense. Expect him to be taken in the late rounds for a team looking to take a mature player who can step in and compete for a backup and special teams role immediately. 	Poole is a savvy and experienced runner who is concerned with getting up field and taking what he can get from a defense. He is elusive for a bigger runner and understands how to pick his spots and burst through the hole. At the second level he has shown the ability to juke linebackers and run through them for positive yards. He is a reliable and consistent back who takes care of the ball.
								Poole is a serviceable back and far from electric. He was reliable for Tennessee but always faced pressure from younger and more talented backs to take his job. He will need to show he can contribute on special teams to make a 53 man roster.
							
2012	Devier Posey	2532930	WR	Ohio St.	Posey is a savvy route runner who has overcome various obstacles during his time at Ohio State. He is athletic and understands how to run routes and get open. He can be counted on to secure the catch when he is not draped by a defender. Though suspended on two separate occasions for his role in NCAA violations involving boosters, Posey showed in his short opportunity during his senior year why he has third-round value in this year's draft.	Posey can struggle off the line but understands, for the most part, how to stem his routes to set up a defender and then use his suddenness to change directions. He can burst and stick his foot in the ground at the top of routes to gain separation. Except when going across the middle and facing a big hit, he is superb at adjusting his body once the ball is thrown to secure the catch. He is effective after the catch with the ball in his hands and can make a small move to get up field. He is a very polished as a route runner and overall receiver.
								Posey will get caught peeking at incoming safeties when going across the middle. He shows toughness when blocking, but not here. He sometimes will seem uninvolved in the physical aspect of the game or when the ball and play are not coming toward him.
							
2012	Nate Potter	2532931	T	Boise St.	Potter has been a reliable and athletic lineman for Boise state and started every game the past two years (plus most of each of his first two seasons) at left tackle protecting Kellen Moore. He takes good angles to the second level and is a very heady player who knows how to get to his blocks and has the strength to stick on them. He is a bit underweight for tackle at under 300 pounds and has fifth-round talent as a backup player initially and eventual starter.	Potter is quick off the ball to get into his blocks and sustain in the run game. He has the strength and balance to stick with it and get movement. He is a very technical blocker who employs a good pass set and quick feet to get in position. He is good to get up field to the second level and stick on linebackers, which gives him versatile value as a guard.
								Potter is a non-explosive player who gets movement from his leg drive and not from initial contact. He hasn't shown much pulling at Boise State, and there are some questions as to how his game will translate right away at the next level.
							
2012	Nick Provo	2532932	TE	Syracuse	Provo was best with the ball in his hands at Syracuse. He uses his fluid athletic ability to make plays in the passing game and is able to separate well from defenders, though he is not a great blocker. He is more of a short-area receiver who makes plays with defenders on him or close by. His lack of strength hurts his blocking ability and overall value, but he is a try-hard player.	Provo is reliable catching the ball in close quarters with defenders draped over him. He has hands to extend and pluck the ball away from his frame and the ball skills to tuck and turn up field, and power through defenders for short yardage pickups. He is serviceable blocking ends on the line of scrimmage.
								Provo is more of a smooth, slow mover who makes just "Ok" plays with the ball. He is a bit undersized and can get overpowered by smaller defenders. He is serviceable but not reliable as a blocker, and he's not the best option in passing downs. He's not an electrifying player, but can get a team through a game at the position if necessary. With the type of athletes excelling in the NFL these days, Provo's athletic ability will make him seem inferior and inadequate.
							
2012	Brian Quick	2532933	WR	Appalachian St.	Quick has very uncommon size for the position and surprises scouts with his ability to run. The fact that he is a former basketball player and high jumper shows in his play. Despite his short time playing football, he understands how to run routes and get open. He will set up defenders at his level and snap off routes effectively to make a play with his strong hands. He can make the big play in traffic and also use his big frame to be a large target and make the play on the ball to finish jump balls and deep passes. While he hasn't had much experience at a high level of football, he has displayed enough of the size and athletic ability to make plays that all translate well to the next level. Look for Quick to be the highest pick from Appalachian State in years and be taken early in the second round.	Quick's size is his greatest asset, with the next best being potential. His overall time playing football has been limited, and professional coaching could help mold Quick into a game changer at the next level. He is a reliable hands catcher who has the catching radius and grip strength to bring down any ball thrown near his area. He is a great option in the short game, as he understands how to use his frame to shield out smaller defenders. As a deep threat, Quick hasn't shown the speed to be a go-to option here at the next level, but once the ball is in the air is when his raw athletic ability is evident through his ability to out-leap defenders. 
								Inexperience, while also a positive in terms of the development aspect of his move to the NFL, is also his Achilles heel. He hasn't shown the ability to run by big-time corners at his level, but other than this uncontrollable aspect of his game, Quick has displayed as much as he can at the FCS level to show scouts his game translates nicely to the NFL. He sometimes has trouble adjusting to poorly thrown balls but normally can make the play using his strong hands. Being tested early in camp will give the greatest indication of Quick's ability to handle the jump in talent surrounding him.
							
2012	Chris Rainey	2532934	RB	Florida	Rainey, like his teammate Jeff Demps, is a burner and could challenge the record for fastest 40-yard dash time at this year's combine. Unlike Demps, his track-speed translates to the football field, which makes him an intriguing prospect who has played various roles within Florida's offense. While not nearly as big as former teammate Percy Harvin, Rainey has been able to deliver for the Gators in a similar fashion. He uses his supreme agility and foot quickness to make guys miss and make an electric play whenever he touches the ball. He could move up into the middle rounds by April if he continues to display his athletic ability in the coming months.	Rainey is quick off the snap to make a decision and hit the hole hard. He usually looks to get the edge and almost always does. He is a very effective short-area mover who can ignite a two-step power move to beat a defender laterally and get to the edge. He is the type of athlete whose explosion is obvious every time he sticks his toes in the ground. He is always a threat to get the edge, make one quick inside move, and take it the distance. He is a straight-line runner but is elusive and make defenders miss in the open field. He is a good route runner out of the backfield and out of the slot and he will likely get work there early in the pros.
								Rainey is undersized and it shows when he tries to run inside or pass protect. He almost always looks to get outside and will go down on contact when running in the box. He is not willing nor able to block linebackers and protect the quarterback and will get overpowered at the next level. He is a strict work-in-space player at the next level and will have a hard time playing as a traditional running back.
							
2012	Kheeston Randall	2532935	DT	Texas	Kheeston is a strong force up front for Texas, in the mold of many former Longhorn players who aren't completely athletic upfront but effective with bull rushing and manhandling lineman. Randall plays in spots for Texas and is hardly ever on the field in passing situations. He played the nose position in many 3-4 type alignments for Texas but is undersized for the pros. He has sixth-round value as a defensive tackle.	Kheeston is an instinctual player who always seems to pick and choose his spots correctly when slanting and stunting. While this could be a testament to the scheme, he seems to be crafty and find a way to avoid double teams to be a major factor against the run. He can hold up blocks well at the point, and then shed quickly when needing to make a move to make a play. Randall uses his hands well here and also as a pass rusher, and he has noticeably explosive and strong hands to control his man.
								Kheeston is a non-factor on passing downs. Not only is he usually pulled out of the game for obvious passing situations, but he is ineffective when he does get his chance, as he is purely a run defender and will almost give up on passing downs.
							
2012	Beau Reliford	2532936	TE	Florida St.	Reliford is a big tight end who has serious size for the next level. Unfortunately, he doesn't use this size to his advantage when it comes to the physical aspect of his game. He has a lot of worker to do as a blocker on the line of scrimmage. He can be a soft player at times who truly has only been a receiving option for the Seminoles. Based off his size and athletic ability, Beau has sixth-round value, and a team will need to tap into his nasty side for him to reach his potential.	Reliford is a good pass-catching tight end. He is a huge target with the frame to box out and make the tough catch underneath and the hands to reel in poor throws. He is quick off the line at times and displays athletic ability for his size. He looks natural when running routes and is a very smooth, controlled runner.
								Reliford is a soft blocker who can get thrown off the line by physical ends. There are effort issues in his play that show up when he is to run deep routes or be physical across the middle. He doesn't have great speed for the position and is really just more of an intermediate route runner. 
							
2012	Kendall Reyes	2532937	DT	Connecticut	Reyes is a big body inside with a decent skill set and frame that come together to make a good option for a team that needs defensive line depth. Reyes is a powerful mover and a hard worker who should stick with a team at the next level based mainly on size and strength.	Reyes has a big frame and he uses it well. He has a strong lower body which provides him a good anchor when going up against double teams inside. He doesn't display the same strength in his upper body, but is technically savvy with his hands to keep offensive lineman off him. Reyes has a motor inside and relies more on his feet and technique to beat guys. He is a good player to insert in different slants and stunts inside based on schemes that commonly use these tactics. Reyes will be a reliable and strong player at the next level who consistently displays high effort and rarely gets completely blocked inside; he is always able to make just enough of a play to make a difference.
								Reyes is a good all-around prospect, but doesn't display any jaw-dropping skills that make him attractive at the next level. He plays a bit underweight, and this can show up at times when going against double teams. Reyes will have a tough time getting into the backfield to disrupt or rush the passer at the next level.
							
2012	Matt Reynolds	2532938	T	BYU	Reynolds has started at tackle for every game he's played in a BYU uniform after two years away on a religious mission, progressing into a quality prospect in this years draft. He is a bit undersized for the position and could potentially be moved inside where his height wouldn't inhibit him. He has fifth- or sixth-round talent as a reliable option on the offensive line but could have trouble if kept outside to protect the quarterback at the next level. 	Reynolds shows power when run-blocking and is able to snap off the line of scrimmage into his man quickly and leg drive sufficiently to keep his man occupied. He has decent athletic ability but is able to get up field nicely and position on linebackers, which encourages a switch inside even more.
								Reynolds is quick off the ball but a bit of a slow mover once working up field. He can fall off blocks at times and needs to show that he can sustain at the next level. Like many BYU prospects, he will be older than the average rookie because of his Latter Day Saints mission.
							
2012	Trent Robinson	2532939	FS	Michigan St.	Robinson has been a reliable three-year starter for Michigan State who really came on strong in his senior year. He was the leader for a highly athletic and productive defensive backfield. He is a solid all-around player who has good change of direction to cover players deep and can also come up physically to make plays in run support. He has fourth- or fifth-round value to a team that wants a reliable backup and special teamer early on.	Robinson can cover well and mirrors tight ends well in-phase. He trusts his footwork and makes good plays once diagnosing them. He has good hips to turn and run with wideouts and the speed to stay with them. He has the body control to turn when running with a wideout and make an athletic play on the ball. Trent is a good player in run support who will get to runners and move the pile backward. He is aggressive in all phases and has been reliable for Michigan State when healthy.
								Robinson can misread plays at times and although physical, will fall off tackles occasionally. If working in the box, bigger linemen can get their hands on him and engulf. He has had a history of injuries at Michigan State and will need to show durability to stick with a team at the next level.
							
2012	Keenan Robinson	2532940	OLB	Texas	Robinson was a three-year starter at inside linebacker for Texas and is an athletic mover who can run down faster players. He is a solid all-around prospect who may be better suited to play outside linebacker, where he can play more freely and get pursuit production from the inside out. He is a fourth- or fifth-round prospect who could contribute on special teams right away.	Robinson works well in space to position himself to make a play and is a quick mover off the snap. He is at his best when working towards the outside of offensive tackles and getting through to the backfield to run down ball carriers. He has the natural speed to play casually and run down players in space, and can pass set and cover tight ends with ease.
								Robinson can get lazy at times because his speed where allows him to play effortlessly. He struggles when rushing the passer and looks stunned when an offensive lineman gets his hands on him. Once blocked, he usually stays that way. He needs to come forward and deliver the blow first himself.
							
2012	Gerell Robinson	2532941	WR	Arizona State	Robinson is big receiver who became Arizona State's go-to option during his senior year after being in and out of the lineup for three years. He is an average athlete who doesn?t display much mobility. He is effective catching the ball in short spaces and uses his frame well to get short catch production. He doesn't have the speed to be a deep threat. Robinson is a guy who has been productive in a conference full of good receivers, and has value as a late-round selection to see if his size can be utilized at the next level. 	Robinson is a good traffic player who catches a ton of balls in close quarters and for short first downs. He likes to box out much like a basketball player and use his long limbs to pluck the ball out of the air. He is also effective in the run game as he likes to get physical and block cornerbacks downfield. He is an effort player who brings a physical presence. 
								Robinson is nonexistent as a deep threat, and despite his size struggles to get off the line of scrimmage. He worked out of the slot at ASU, which is uncommon for a player of his size. It will be tough for him to be more productive in the slot than most NFL players currently starting, so he will have to learn how to get past his inability to release off the line, and figure out how to be productive in the intermediate to deep passing game.
							
2012	Brett Roy	2532942	DT	Nevada	Roy is an extremely uncommon interior lineman given the history of his position switches at Nevada. He came in as a slower safety, moved to linebacker, and soon moved to defensive end. The last two years of his career he had bulked up and moved inside to DT. He was a quick inside rusher who was among the nation's leaders in tackles for loss in 2011. It is highly unlikely that he will play inside at the next level given that he has maxed out his weight and is still undersized, but Roy could move out to DE and be intriguing to teams who run a 3-4 scheme.	Roy is a high-motor player who is effective using his crafty pass-rush moves to get in the backfield and disrupt plays. He shows great effort to chase down plays across the field. Off the snap, he gets into lineman quickly and can sometimes slip through to penetrate immediately into the backfield. He is consistently in the backfield disrupting plays. His instincts allow him to read blocks and get to the ball carrier before he reaches the line of scrimmage. Once there, he is an explosive tackler. 
								Roy could be seen two ways: a player who is versatile and effective anywhere along the front seven, or a prospect who is undersized to play inside but too big and slow to play outside. This could end up hurting him, the fact that he has moved from safety all the way inside to DT, as some teams could see that as a sign that he doesn't perform outstanding at any one position. Once he finds a home at defensive end, he will have to figure out a way to get off blocks when getting doubled without getting washed, which happened a lot in 2011.
							
2012	Zebrie Sanders	2532943	T	Florida St.	Sanders has started all but two games at left or right tackle during his career for Florida State. He is a quick athlete for his size, though he could stand to put on more weight. He excels in the pass game, where he uses his size to keep defenders at bay and does not allow defenders to get by him. He is a smart player who rarely gets out of position and projects to be a reliable option for teams at the next level with the potential to creep into the first round of the draft.	Sanders is an athletic big man. While he holds his own in the run game, he is a great pass blocker who knows how to use his hands and size to stay productive. He has good feet and is very smooth in his movements and pass sets. He has good agility and can get his body on defenders up field in the run and screen game.
								While Sanders is a smooth athlete, he does not necessarily display the strength and explosiveness that is evident of most first-round-type linemen. He gets the job done in this aspect but will not ?wow? anyone with his ability to knock a defender off the line. 
							
2012	Quentin Saulsberry	2532944	OG	Mississippi St.	Saulsberry has been a reliable, thick physical presence inside and outside as a four-year starter. He is a decent athlete for his size who looks good when working in space pulling or getting upfield on screens. He isn't very strong and can be overpowered at times, but has the ability to be drafted late as a big body inside. 	Saulsberry is fast off the ball and has good feet to work into the second level on linebackers. Has good footwork in the run game and keeps his legs moving, and is also fluid in his pass set.
								Saulsberry can be overpowered and really can't uncoil his hips and drive his legs to create movement. Is a "stop" blocker who doesn't allow someone by but is far from overbearing when connecting. A fluid athlete but not a physical presence inside and could struggle against bigger, stronger players.
							
2012	Mitchell Schwartz	2532945	T	California	Schwartz is a versatile player who does many things OK but nothing great, and that's likely the rep that will stay with him through the draft. Schwartz is a guy who makes it off effort and smarts. He has decent size for tackle, and doesn't display strong skills to encourage a move inside to guard. His size and productivity at Cal will keep him alive as a player who could be selected in the fifth or sixth round. 	He can get overpowered in the run game, but plays with good technique. Schwartz is effective in his pass set and can sit back and let bigger players run into them yet still be effective by walling them off. He is a heady player who takes good angles to blocks and rarely falls off them.
								Schwartz's athletic ability is the greatest knock on him. He is a bit stiff in his movements and out of his stance, and can struggle when working to the second level. He may need to move inside because of the liability he could be outside at tackle.
							
2012	Coty Sensabaugh	2532946	CB	Clemson	Sensabaugh has seen his value rise in the past season since starting for Clemson. He is the cousin of Cowboys starting safety Gerald. Displayed good athletic ability, and has value as a sixth-round pick.	Sensabaugh is an athletic corner who was a late boomer. Has shown the ability to cover top prospects in his senior year and is savvy around the ball. Is smooth when transitioning and can flip his hips well. Better at man than zone. Has shown the tackling ability to contribute on special teams.
								Sensabaugh has not started many games, and some see him benefiting from the rise of his cousin Gerald. Coty is an athletic mover but will need to develop his technique at the next level.
							
2012	Amini Silatolu	2532947	T	Midwestern St.	Silatolu is a large, athletic interior lineman who has the ability to smother his opponents and consistently sustain his blocks through the end of plays. Coming from a small school like Midwestern State facing little competition, he will have an adjustment period far greater than other linemen as he enters the league. It is likely that a team will want to move him from his college position of tackle to inside, where his height will be more serviceable and he can use his athletic ability to get up field more often in the run game. Silatolu's greatest attribute is his footwork, as he is quick off the line of scrimmage and an active puller who can get outside, move up field and locate his blocks to quickly engage. He does not have great leverage or explosiveness in his play but possesses many strong assets for an interior lineman, giving him early second-round value to a team with the patience to develop him into a starter.	Silatolu is a quick athlete for a man of his stature and gets off the line with a noticeable quickness. He is urgent in his play, and once engaged with a defender, can keep him covered up for an extended period of time. He is a leg-driver who doesn't get a lot of movement but keeps his man occupied. He is extremely mobile and is an active puller who can get outside, move up field and locate his blocks to quickly engage. He can slide well in pass protection in tackle views in college and will likely be a guard who can sit and stop rushers in their tracks in the pass game at the next level. He is a shield blocker who rarely lets a man behind him.
								Silatolu is not an explosive blocker,s and his limited time working at guard will likely slow his development as he transitions to the next level. Midwestern State does not face the level of competition or athletic type of player that he will line up against in training camp, and teams should expect he may need to develop somewhat before he can be inserted as a starter. He can be over-aggressive at times and whiff on blocks; he needs to have more play discipline at the next level.
							
2012	Harrison Smith	2532948	FS	Notre Dame	Harrison is an ultra-athletic, big and smart safety who has roamed the secondary as a four-year starter and senior captain for Notre Dame. He is the type of safety who is always involved, using his quickness, recognition and overall body control to react effectively to plays. While he has just adequate speed, he makes up for this deficiency with strong play recognition and anticipation, and he is often in a position to make a play on the ball. Overall, Smith is a smart, athletic defender who should push to start early in a zone-heavy NFL scheme. Expect him to contend for a late first-round selection with the help of impressive postseason workouts and interviews.	Smith is an athletic, smart free safety.  He is strong and has great size for the position, and he shows up in the run game as effectively as he does against the pass. He stands out as a lengthy athlete who has range to match NFL speed across the defensive backfield. He is extremely reliable and effective in run support, which comes from his ability to read and react to plays on a quick twitch off the snap. Smith was very productive in college and rarely misses. He is a drag-down tackler who is always around the ball. Although he may have to catch and rarely delivers a blow, he is consistent. As a pass-defender, he is able to read the ball in the air and make plays all across the back end of the defense. He is able to read the quarterback well in zone and uses his athletic ability to turn and run to make plays on the ball. He is a long-strider as a runner and can turn and ignite a quick burst to run down a receiver downfield. He can then utilize his length to make strong plays on the ball. If he is in position, he will make the big interception. 
								Smith can struggle when covering man to man. He often finds himself in a poor position when the ball is thrown. Short area movements are of a concern somewhat, so he will be much better in a read-and-react zone defense in which he can rely on instincts and recognition more than athletic ability. While he shows up as a solid athlete in every other aspect of his game, his technique in man coverage will expose some inconsistencies in his footwork, as he often relies too heavily on his recover ability and overall length to make plays on the ball. Though he is a somewhat fluid athlete, he can be beaten by quick-twitch and explosive movers.
							
2012	Michael Smith	2532949	RB	Utah St.	Smith is one of those "anomaly" type prospects who has extremely uncommon speed, yet doesn't start for his own team in a less-than superior conference, the WAC. Pairing with an electric younger starter at running back, Smith could see his value rise significantly in the coming months as a player who isn't picked in the mid-rounds due to athletic ability and special circumstances that have kept him in the shadows up to this point. He will help himself immensely with strong showings at a Pro Day, and could be selected in the mid to late rounds. 	Smith is very explosive out of the backfield and can get to top speed quickly. He can overpower defenders simply by running fast at his weight. Smith's 40 time will be the key to his value, but he is a good change-of-pace option early on at the NFL level.
								Smith has been hurt by the fact that there was a more talented player who started ahead of him at Utah State. Despite his athletic ability it would be tough to spend a pick on him in the early rounds since he hasn't had a lot of carries at a smaller school.
							
2012	Blu Smith	2532950	CB	Colorado St.	Smith was a three-year starter and played both safety and corner. Hampered by a shoulder injury his senior year. Decent in man-press, struggles at times in zone. When healthy, he displays the size and speed to play at the next level. Overall value might ultimately be determined by the recovery from his injury, but look for teams to take a shot on him in late rounds. 	Smith has been versatile and the consummate team player across the defensive backfield. This versatility provides instant value, but he projects more comfortably as a corner at the next level. Good athlete who can cover naturally and come up to support the run.
								Smith isn't very physical when tackling, and hasn't shown up on big plays for quite some time. A shoulder injury in his senior year limited his playing time and it remains to be seen whether he can recover with the same ability displayed before.
							
2012	Scott Solomon	2532951	DE	Rice	Solomon is the type of player NFL teams would love to have roaming among their front seven, not necessarily from natural ability, but because of the obvious competitive spirit he brings to a defense. He's has been a four-year starter for Rice. After a medical redshirt year, he came back from the foot injury with a slight hitch, but displayed the same motor that made him a prospect in the first place; fifth- or sixth-round talent based on his productivity and hopes that he continues to recover from a lingering foot issue.	Solomon's entire game revolves around his motor. He is quick off the ball to disrupt early and will jolt back offensive lineman who are slow movers. He can cross the face of or completely run by linemen who aren't set and ready for the various stunts that he has run at Rice. He projects to be an excellent rotational player at the next level because of his motor and understanding of how to play off rushers and work within slanting and stunting schemes. He is at his best when having to chase or run down plays, and has shown a good use of hands throughout his career to keep bigger blockers off him. 
								Solomon can be completely neutralized by double teams. His motor doesn't translate well when it comes to strength plays, where despite his effort he can just get overpowered. He has struggled with lingering effects of a foot injury that caused him to miss an entire season, which doesn't help considering he wasn't the most spectacular athlete before the injury. 
							
2012	Sean Spence	2532952	LB	Miami	Spence has been a bright spot and a standout player on a rather uninspired Miami defense of late. He was a four-year starter at Miami, and although undersized, he makes up for this deficiency through speed, instincts and overall athletic ability. He is a great defender on outside runs, as he can effortlessly run down the ACC's fastest players. He is stellar in coverage, can blanket tight ends and tackle from various angles. He makes quick decisions and executes on them. While size will be a concern as he enters the NFL, Spence will be defined by his ability to play free and get off blocks to make plays on the ball. While he was suspended in the fallout from the Nevin Shapiro booster scandal at Miami, there is little doubt of his true character and likewise, his overall athleticism and ability in terms of production translating to the NFL. Look for him to be taken in the mid-rounds, but an impressive combine showing could certainly bode well for Spence ascending in the weeks leading up to the draft. 	Spence's athleticism shows in all what he does. He can quickly diagnose a play and use his explosive hips to meet running backs and deliver the blow. He has fluid hips in coverage and uses his arm strength to shed blockers when he gets engulfed by bigger players. He is an experienced starter at a high level, and this should allow him to play fast and instinctually from early on at the next level. He has natural athletic ability to fit in a 4-3 scheme where he is playing freely and flowing to the ball. He is an active player and almost always involved on run plays. 
								Spence is undersized and needs to play free of big blockers on him to be productive. He can flow to plays but "ride the pole" and fall off tackles at times. The scheme he plays in is key to his production.
							
2012	Ryan Steed	2532953	CB	Furman	Steed was a three-year starter for Furman. He has decent size for the corner position and is a prospect who relies heavily on his technique to be able to cover man to man. He is a natural athlete who looks smooth and fluid when back pedaling but also can stick his foot in the ground and explode to recover if he loses a step. He can struggle when coming in to support the run and can play too hesitant and cautionary at times. All things considered, his athletic ability and man coverage skills playing press from the line of scrimmage give him value at the position in the NFL. Look for certain teams to fall in love with his ability to jam and stay in tight coverage through man and potentially see his value higher, but the soft nature of his play in run support and zone coverage give him fourth-round value.	Steed's value is in his ability to use his athletic ability to cover in man and make plays on the ball at the end of plays. He is a good catcher who has had interception production throughout his career. Although he isn't a physical tackler, he understands how to shock-jam in man and play press to keep receivers off their routes. His man exposures are almost always playing out of press, and he has an impressive ability to stay with receivers after initiating a jam at the line of scrimmage. He is a decent player in zone, but his man skills are entirely what makes him intriguing. 
								Steed could help himself by being a more physical player who could contribute early on special teams, but there are certain aspects to his overall physicality which will hurt his value here. He can play hesitant and wait just long enough to diagnose a play where he is out of it entirely. He also can shy away from tackles in run support and stick onto blocks. He plays as if to avoid contact and despite his cover skills, he will need to toughen up and become more of a physical tackler to contribute early at the next level.
							
2012	Devon Still	2532954	DT	Penn St.	Still is one of the most NFL-ready interior lineman of this year's senior class and arguably one of the most polished and "safe" picks of the draft. He has massive size to clog lanes on the inside and occupy blocks. Still displays good technique to beat double teams and get to the passer, and the power to bowl over would-be blockers to be disruptive in the backfield. He has been a reliable and productive player throughout his time at Penn State. A team who needs to address their run defense and add a player who will occupy and keep linebackers free in a 4-3 or 3-4 scheme will likely select Still in the middle of the first round as an immediate starter.	Still is a strong player who gets off the line quickly for his size and shows the explosion to blow back offensive guards into their own backfield. He excels as a run defender by using his strengths to occupy a blocker while he reads the play and reacts, which is ideal schematically for a nose tackle in a 3-4 defense. He has the ability to use hand technique and footwork alike to remove himself from blocks and get in the backfield. For a massive nose tackle he is an above-average pass rusher who can use an array of swim and dip moves to get to the passer.
								While Still can rush the passer, it is rare that he actually gets there to make sack production as his athletic ability is rather average once he is exposed in the open field. He works tremendously in tight quarters but doesn't display that quickness or explosion when in the open field. This is true of his play in pursuit, as well. Once the ball gets past him he usually is done for the play. 
							
2012	Alameda Ta'Amu	2532955	DT	Washington	Ta'amu was a big-boned, powerful inside force for Washington who projects to play the nose tackle position in a 3-4 defense at the next level. He has the ability to hold up lineman and clog lanes to keep linebackers clean, which helps his value. He has been so effective here that there have been some arguably "less-talented" players at Washington who have been extremely productive because of his presence inside on the line. 	Ta'amu is a  powerful and forceful player against the run who can get off the ball on the snap and into a lineman's face quickly. He is good to hold two blockers to create lanes for his linebackers. He is big-bodied and is a savvy player in terms of understanding his role within the defense. He can engulf running backs by using his long, strong arms or by pushing the interior of an offensive line into the backfield entirely.
								Ta'amu is a slow-mover who is not involved in terms of rushing the passer or having any productivity to plays away from him. He does not have much of a repertoire in his bag of pass-rush moves and doesn't use his feet or hands to get off blocks. He is a non-explosive player who will rarely run down a quarterback or running back in the backfield, and he has little value playing in a 4-3 defense.
							
2012	Ryan Tannehill	2532956	QB	Texas A&M	Tannehill is a dynamic athlete at quarterback, so much so that he was a major contributor at receiver for his first two-plus years with the Aggies before becoming their starting signal-caller. In his early starts at quarterback, this NFL-sized prospect was more of a gunslinger, but he has now morphed into an effective and efficient passer in the pocket. Tannehill is a also fierce competitor with the overall tools to be a first- or second-round selection and eventual starter in the NFL.	When dropping, Tannehill is calm and makes it obvious that he is a natural athlete at the position. He has a good feel for pressure and has turned his scrambling ability around to where it is a heavy asset in the passing game, as he has developed a great feel for extending the play. He is mechanically sound and can anticipate where the receiver will be, and displays fairly consistent accuracy throughout all routes. He is a consummate running threat.
								Tannehill has only displayed for one year that he has the arm and decision making at quarterback to start in the NFL. He did a lot to dispel concerns in his senior year, but he will need to continue to develop and likely won't be a starting option as a rookie.
							
2012	Kenny Tate	2532957	OLB	Maryland	Tate is an undersized, unathletic outside linebacker who has somehow found a way to make enough plays using his natural strength at the position to consistently show up in the stat report as a serious tackler. Tate is very strong for his size. He only moved to the linebacker position for one year after playing most of his career at safety. This seems like a solid career move, given his struggles that stem from poor athletic ability. Based off his strength and production, Tate has fifth-round value as a linebacker.	Tate is a very strong player for his size. He uses his hands and strength to shed blockers in a way that propels him toward the ball carrier. He is solid at setting the edge and keeping plays inside of him. He can play tight ends physically enough from the start to keep them off their routes and avoid having to run with them down the field. Tate reacts well to thrown balls and is active in pass defense.
								Tate is undersized and could be engulfed by bigger linemen at the second level in the NFL. As a converted safety, he is still learning the position and can be late to diagnose plays at times. His athletic ability is his main limitation, as he struggles mightily in space and has a difficult time sifting through traffic to pursue plays.
							
2012	Brandon Taylor	2532958	SS	LSU	Taylor is a hardworking safety who was a physical presence for a highly touted LSU defense the past three years. There are some small hitches in his play that effect his draft value, but simply starting at LSU for three years is a testament to his NFL projectability. He is a physical safety who will likely be selected late based off his experience at a high level.	Taylor is a physical safety who enjoys getting in the mix to support the run. He is an effective box player who puts himself in good positions when being the eighth man. He is highly productive and effective as a tackler, and he likes to throw his body around at receivers and let his presence be known. He can be dragged by some bigger players at times, but rarely does he fall of a tackle.
								Taylor struggles when covering in man, and in three years has rarely been put in a position where he has to do so. With the type of corners and athletic linebackers LSU has trotted onto the field during his tenure, Taylor has been able to play more freely to support the run and has little work in covering.
							
2012	Brandon Thompson	2532959	DT	Clemson	Thompson brings value to the NFL in that he can play both defensive tackle or nose tackle at the NFL level. With his size and athletic ability, Thompson has been disruptive for Clemson. He plays stout against the run and will plug the hole well for an NFL team. He is able to find the ball as a defender and is effective after the snap in making plays in the backfield. He doesn't bring a ton of pass-rush ability, but he will be able to serve as a strong presence up front. He has the talent to warrant a late first or early second-round pick.	Thompson is an incredible run defender inside. He is consistent in his play and uses his feet to make plays happen against the run. He comes off the ball quickly and is able to fill gaps well at his size. He also make plays on the ball carrier. He is a very strong player who knows how to use his hands and disrupt plays in the backfield.
								Thompson tends to be negated by double teams inside. His substandard technique can limit him at times and contributes to his inability to get past those doubles. Though he is stellar against the run, he is limited against the pass, only occasionally making things happen as a rusher.
							
2012	Nick Toon	2532960	WR	Wisconsin	Size is the name of Toon's game. The son of former New York Jets star Al Toon, Nick stands at 6-foot-2, 215 pounds, and plays to that size. Toon might not run past many NFL defensive backs, but his overall awareness at the position, understanding of how to play to his strengths, and effectiveness in the run game make him a solid prospect. He should be an NFL mainstay after being selected somewhere in the second round.	Toon understands how to run strong routes, using his size to make a play on the ball and move the chains. Not only is he an excellent mid-range receiver, he also has shown the ability to gain position on defenders downfield and make deep ball plays. He is willing and definitely strong enough to be involved as a blocker in the run game. He is a red zone threat at the next level and a go-to receiver on intermediate routes to pick up the first down.
								Toon is not the fastest receiver prospect, and it can show when he attempts to stretch the field. He has a tough time separating at his size and explosion. Ankle mobility is a small concern, as he occasionally labors at the top of routes.
							
2012	Danny Trevathan	2532961	OLB	Kentucky	Trevathan is a fluid athlete who is undersized but crafty and uses his athletic ability to make high tackle production. In the right NFL system that can keep offensive lineman off him (likely a 4-3) Trevathan can hit a lane hard and make plays in the backfield. He struggles, due to his size, once blockers engage him and this will likely be his Achilles' heel at the next level. Due to his athletic ability and enormous production he has fourth-round value and could be selected even earlier by a team looking to take a risk on an undersized guy who could contribute immediately on special teams. 	Trevathan is a good lateral mover who makes plays sideline to sideline. He can run everything down. He relies on his speed to rush the passer and brings a physical, explosive drive-shoulder tackle when he reaches the quarterback. He has good hands to secure interceptions and is active in the pass game even though he struggles when dropping. A classic undersized, athletic lateral mover at outside backer.
								Trevathan is an undersized backer who can struggle to shed away from bigger offensive lineman. He should be able to pass drop given his size, but he struggles there as well and seems to be unaware in terms of recognition and understanding how to play in space when defending the pass. He is better in tight and gets somewhat exposed when playing zone coverage. He can also be slow to diagnose plays at times; he needs to hit plays full speed to be effective. He can overrun plays at times even though he is effective in chase.
							
2012	Christian Tupou	2532962	DT	USC	Tupou is a try-hard, unathletic, low-production player, but also a high-character type nose tackle. He has been a presence on the USC frontlines for four years, though he struggled returning from a year-long hiatus this past year after taking a redshirt year due to a torn ACL. Tupou has late-round value for a team looking to select an active player for the inside of their d-line.	Tupou has a motor that doesn't stop. He is good at working his hands and displays obvious technique. He worked under one of the most respected defensive line coaches in terms of technique, Ed Orgeron, and it shows. He is good to work his hands off the snap and be crafty inside.
								Tupou is a slow athlete who displays only average footwork. He is really exposed when chasing in the open field, where he labors to get moving. He had to overcome an ACL injury late in his career which has really hindered his movements.
							
2012	Marc Tyler	2532963	RB	USC	Tyler had an up-and-down senior season at USC, which was really a microcosm of his career with the Trojans. He started the year suspended because of an off-field incident in the summer, and then came back to start for the Trojans until he began splitting time with a younger running back. Marc is the son of Wendell Tyler, former UCLA Bruin and L.A. Ram. Marc is a big back who runs with power but also displays finesse in his game. He will need to play special teams to make it early on in his NFL career, but a team could take a shot on him in late rounds to come in and compete for a backup position.	Tyler is a natural runner who has vision once he gets through the hole. He understands how to keep defenders off him; Marc is a natural with deciding when to side-step and when to run with power. He is a good runner between the tackles and can use his leg strength to drive through tackles. He is deceptively shifty in the open field and can make people miss. In the passing game, he understands how to run routes effectively. He works well as an emergency option when plays break down. He has natural hands and is willing to step in front of linebackers when pass protecting. 
								Marc was running at a different speed in the past year. He has constantly dealt with keeping his weight down, and it can effect his movements at times. He doesn't display much of a burst, whether it be coming through the hole or trying to get the edge. He is a smooth mover but has a difficult time getting up to full speed. He will never be a threat to take it the distance.
							
2012	Courtney Upshaw	2532964	OLB	Alabama	Upshaw is a naturally strong human being who will be an imposing rush outside linebacker in an NFL 3-4 alignment. His athletic ability can be exposed in the open field because he doesn't have great agility or speed, but his understanding of how to use his strength and leverage, as well as his hands, allows him to blanket tight ends at the line of scrimmage and avoid having to run with them across the field. He has overpowered many tackles and running backs against strong competition over the years. He is a much more effective player against inside runs, and he struggles when having to chase outside. He will also need to develop his footwork and show that he has speed to be an effective pass rusher at the next level. Overall, due to his size, strength, and play against the run, Upshaw has late first-round talent. Look for him to pair with a pass-rush specialist opposite of him at outside backer in a 3-4 scheme where he can set the edge, work against tight ends and be a heavy run defender. 	Upshaw sets the edge as good as any prospect in recent years. He uses his lower strength and girth to stall blockers and read plays off them to get to the ball in the run game. He understands how to use his hands to stack a block, hold the player up, then shed him and react to the play. He also uses his heavy hands well when covering a tight end at the line of scrimmage. Physical strength, explosion, and the ability to overpower offensive lineman to get to the ball carrier is what gives Upshaw so much value. Upshaw uses brute strength to rush the passer, can leverage tackles at the point of attack and literally force them into the backfield to create disruption. He also possesses the flexibility and knee bend to dip around tackles when given a step.  
								Upshaw is a strong man who has serious lower body power, and at times this can limit his fluid movements. He labors when moving laterally and has slower feet than most productive pass rushers. He is a bull-rusher first, finesse player second. He can struggle at times pursuing a play across the field for long stretches. He is much more effective in tight quarters than in space, and there are questions as to whether or not his athletic ability will be exposed at the next level. 
							
2012	Trevin Wade	2532965	CB	Arizona	Wade has had an interesting career, riding a three-year roller coaster leading up to the draft. Initially touted as a top corner prospect after a stellar sophomore season in which he blanketed future pros throughout the Pac-12, Trevin had a down junior year and fell off many radars. He has shown many flashes again as a senior that have propelled him back into the discussion of the draft's top cornerback prospects. In the end, Wade is a productive cover corner who has the size, footwork and skills to make an impact as a potential starter at the next level. He could be taken as early as the second round.	Wade possesses many key traits that cover corners need to succeed at the next level, including height, hip mobility, fluidity in his backpedal, and an understanding of how to play the line of scrimmage to disrupt route timing.
								Wade has consistency issues after an entire junior year of getting beat up and down the field and looking uninspired in his play. Teams will bank on getting the player who had a strong sophomore campaign and decent senior year, but he can't afford to take plays off or perform the way he did in his junior year, when he was an entirely different and undraftable player.
							
2012	Bobby Wagner	2532966	ILB	Utah St.	Wagner is an impressive prospect who is a prototypical NFL middle linebacker in terms of size, tackling ability and instincts. He calls all the plays for Utah State's defense. He's had more than 100 tackles each of the past two years, many of them solo. He is a stellar pre-snap defender in terms of lining up his teammates, recognizing the play, and diagnosing where to run once the ball is snapped. He is a bit short for the position at just over 6 feet tall, but is thick and brings power when he meets running backs in the hole. He projects to be a starter at the next level and be selected late in the second round of the draft. 	Wagner has a nose to sniff out a play and read the offensive line to hit the gap and meet a running back in the hole. He can hit, push back and disengage from linemen, and deliver a blow himself, then get off the block and find the ball. He is stronger than he is big and can toss bigger linemen aside to get to disrupt a play. He has speed to run down the play outside but can be outrun at times by fast running backs. He has a motor that doesn't stop.
								Wagner is undersized to play middle linebacker in the NFL. This hasn?t effected him much thus far in his career, as he plays much stronger than he looks, but at the next level he could get overpowered by larger linemen. He is a motor-based player, but he also has athletic ability, so getting out-finessed or out-run isn't a concern. He hasn't had much production rushing the passer from his spot but posts a good amount of tackles for loss and is in the backfield often.
							
2012	Dustin Waldron	2532967	T	Portland St.	Waldron is an NFL prospect from Big Sky member Portland State, making a name for himself through speed and athletic ability. Though he is somewhat undersized, Waldron has been working on getting stronger, and anchor-ability no longer seems to be an inhibitor. He is an extremely smart player, and expect teams to bet on the come in terms of his potential and what point he is taken in April.	A raw player, Waldron plays well in space and delivers a good blow when sustaining on his man. He bends well and uses strong techniques despite his level of competition. Flexibility is the key to his game, and he is able to sit well in his set. He can recover when beat and has the ankle flexibility to torque himself around well when a defender gets a step on him.
								Waldron has not blocked top level, powerful competition at Portland State. He will have an adjustment period, and it remains to be seen whether he can position himself and sustain on blocks in the run and pass game at the next level.
							
2012	Blair Walsh	2532968	K	Georgia	A four-year starter who has an active and strong leg, Walsh can consistently put the ball in the end zone on kickoffs and is accurate in mid-range field goal attempts. Despite his struggles as a senior, he could get selected late as he has been reliable enough that a team with a need might select him to keep him off the free-agent market.	Walsh is a confident kicker who will let it rip from 60-plus. He is most reliable in mid-range kicks and hardly ever misses from within 30 yards. He is an athlete who is capable of making a tackle and contributing as a safety valve on kickoff returns.
								Walsh has been inaccurate at times when he tries to drive the ball too hard, but has worked on his consistency and was a bit more reliable late in the season for the Bulldogs.
							
2012	Rokevious Watkins	2532969	OT	South Carolina	Rokevious played offensive guard for the South Carolina Gamecocks for two years before switching to right (first five games) and then left (final eight) tackle as a senior. He is huge and can work well in the run game to get movement. He is a big bodied project at the next level and projects to be a late-round pick for those needing lineman depth.	Rokevious is a big-bodied blocker who displays athletic ability in his movements and can get upfield when pulling or working toward a linebacker. He is not an explosive player who will blow back a defensive lineman, but once engaged he gets the job done and can use a strong base to stay on his feet and finish blocks. He has not shown much leg drive to drive defenders back in the run game, but has been sufficient in both run and pass protection.
								Rokevious can labor at times to get upfield and does not work well in space. His footwork in his pass set suggests that he may be better to move inside to guard, where he has worked before. He may need to shed some weight to move more competitively at the next level.
							
2012	Brandon Weeden	2532970	QB	Oklahoma St.	Weeden joined the Cowboys after a stint playing professional baseball in the minor leagues, and Oklahoma State fans have been pleased that he elected to play college football. Weeden has been the signal caller for one of the country's most efficient offenses. He is a poised, effective thrower who has great pocket presence and makes quick decisions with the ball that keep the chains moving. He rarely throws interceptions despite the high number of attempts in his scheme, and he could go as high as the second round.	Weeden has an NFL-quality frame that allows him to look over the offensive line and deliver his throws without a hitch. His quick release is his strongest asset, as he consistently gets the ball out with a compact throwing motion and strong delivery. The ball zips off his arm and he has the ability to fit it in any tight space with great velocity. He is "all of the above" in terms of being a mature, poised leader. He is an accurate passer both short and long, and he has that gunslinger mentality to go for the deep ball and give his receivers a chance. He understands route progressions and throwing the ball to where his guy can make a play. 
								Despite his baseball background, Weeden is only an average athlete and is very limited when scrambling. He has a tough time getting outside the pocket, and his accuracy and touch decrease immensely when he scrambles. He seems to grasp route concepts and looks for his second option, but he will hold the ball for extended periods of times and could be a product of his quick-read offensive scheme.
							
2012	Jordan White	2532971	WR	Western Michigan	White is a big and powerful receiver who is an NFL-ready route runner and very polished. He plays with instincts and has good explosion for his size. He could work from the outside or from the slot as he knows how to get open from anywhere on the field. He is the type of prospect that could play immediately and will have little trouble adapting at the next level even though he played collegiately in a smaller conference. 	White understands how to run NFL-type routes. He is physical and can subtly throw defenders off him at the top of routes and get open. He is somewhat mechanical in his routes but knows how to sink his hips and gain separation. He is a reliable hands catcher who is dependable to go across the middle and secure the catch. He's also good to torque his body and make the tough catch.
								White played in a smaller conference, but his route-running ability and natural athleticism will dispel any concerns there. White can be too "by the book" at times in his route running and you could see smarter veteran corners being able to read his hips and pick up on his routes. Undoubtedly he will need to work on disguising his routes by using certain head fakes and learning to make every route look the same off the snap.
							
2012	Corey White	2532972	SS	Samford	White is an up-and-coming prospect out of Samford who has great size for a cornerback and could be moved back to safety at the next level given his skill set. He has been a consistent tackler and run defender. He could benefit from playing at the back of a defense and working toward the line of scrimmage to be more involved in run support than he would be from his corner position. He could struggle athletically at corner. Look for him to be taken in the late rounds as a project and special teams contributor.	White is very strong in run support, where he takes great angles toward the ball. He uses his feet to track runners and fit on them to make plays. He approaches ball carriers like a safety would, which bodes well for a position switch. White displays good athletic ability when near a receiver with the ball is in the air, but he can struggle getting to that point. All these skill sets combine to make him a stronger and more intriguing safety than corner, especially given his size.
								White is not a great athlete for the corner position. He is a bit of an awkward runner and can struggle in transitions. He stutters his feet through movements and in and out of breaks, which makes it difficult for him to cover closely in man-to-man schemes. He is a bit late in reacting to plays because of his slow footwork, and the same is true of his reactions when working in zone.
							
2012	Fozzy Whittaker	2532973	RB	Texas	Whittaker has been a rotational starter throughout his time at Texas, as an older, mature player who has ability but could be outshined at times by younger players who were more talented. He began to flash playmaking ability as a senior, but a knee injury prematurely ended his season. He is undersized and has little lateral movement for the position, but is intriguing as a potential third-down player. His return history gives him added-value, and expect him to be taken in the sixth-round of the draft.	Whittaker is a quick-twitched athlete, but that explosion is limited to forward movements. He doesn't have much elusiveness, especially not what is expected of a smaller player. He is quick out of his stance and has good initial vision to see the hole. He is a slasher/cut-back runner of sorts who can struggle inside and likes to bounce it outside. When he does, it's a direct motion because he struggles to set and move fluidly and laterally. He can be nifty in the open field and is a good, viable option to pick up a first down out of the backfield in broken down passing situations.
								Whittaker has not started consistently for Texas and has had trouble getting carries. He is undersized, and it doesn't help that he's a straight-line athlete. Whittaker doesn't run inside the tackles real well, and lacks the speed to take it the distance; all traits that are typically necessary of an undersized back. His 2011 knee injury must be examined closely before a team will use a draft pick to secure his services.
							
2012	Kyle Wilber	2532974	OLB	Wake Forest	Wilber is an big, athletic and strong outside backer from Wake Forest who looks the part of a pro defender and could contribute early for an NFL team. He arrived at Wake Forest as a top recruit from Florida, bringing his size and speed to the defense. He is a bit of a poor man's Aaron Curry, whom he played with early on in his career. He is a high-energy, high-motor player who hasn't played much on special teams at Wake Forest because of the team's needs, but he could easily contribute there early on at the next level. Look for a team needing linebacker depth and special teams contributions to select him in the late rounds and potentially develop him into a starter.	Wilber is fast and can move quickly once he deciphers a play. He is very quick twitched and efficient in his movements and uses his footwork and agility well to stay off blocks on the second level. He doesn't have a ton of strength, but he hits his gaps hard and really can pack a punch at the line of scrimmage when he meets running backs. He is better against the run than he is against the pass, but he can play over the tight end well enough to disrupt him early. He has good technique both in his footwork and tackling form.
								Wilber is atheltic, but he struggles in space against the run. He has a bit of an awkward pass drop and his flexibility is an issue in those exposures. Wilber also is a much better player against outside runs than inside, and he has a tough time using his hands to disengage from blockers.
							
2012	Russell Wilson	2532975	QB	Wisconsin	Wilson is this year's big-time question mark at quarterback. Unlike those who have held this title in the past, Wilson is a stellar passer who shows arm strength and accuracy when he is able to deliver the ball without a hitch. A transfer from North Carolina St. over the summer, he has outstanding football intelligence as he picked up the Wisconsin offense in a short time and was the opening-day starter. However, at his height teams will have concerns whether or not he can see to make the throws at the next level. He is a mechanical mover who has strong technique and leadership qualities. If Wilson were three inches taller there would be debate at the top of the draft as to where he fits in, but look for teams to take a flier on him in late rounds to see if he can develop and outplay his size.	Wilson is an accurate passer. He is a very mechanical quarterback who is consistent in his drop step and thoroughly understands how to move within the pocket and evade when the pocket collapses. He is an athlete and can torque his body to make any sort of throw on the run, and is accurate in this setting. He is a born signal caller who shows command of the offense. He has the arm strength to make the deep throws and the touch to put it on a receiver in stride. He is effective when scrambling and is a classic play extender. 
								Wilson's height will be his biggest inhibitor at the next level and the largest reason for his late-round value. It remains to be seen if he can throw effectively from the pocket at the next level.
							
2012	Billy Winn	2532976	DT	Boise St.	Winn has been a force up front for Boise State for several years. His consistency and ferociousness stays in your memory after watching him play. Although he isn't necessarily great with any one skill or talent, he grades out well because the whole is definitely greater than the sum of his parts. There are hitches in his play that he will need to work on to survive at the next level, such as using technique and adapting to the play speed, but once done Winn should excel. Expect him to be taken near the top of the second round by a team that knows it will be receiving a high-effort, high-energy player to roam along its front four. 	Winn has size for the position, which when paired with his speed makes him a force in the interior for offensive lines. He gets off the ball and into offensive linemen quickly. He can uncoil his hips to create a significant push and shock blockers back into the backfield. He is strong with his hands and can hold up blocks to read a play and shed them to get free and get to the ball carrier. He is able to use his hands well to disengage and shed would-be blockers away from his frame. Once he reaches the ball-carrier, he is an effective tackler. Overall, Winn is an active interior defender who can keep off blocks and stay active in the pass and run defense alike.
								Winn has been a productive player who shows speed and very few negative points in terms of skill set while playing within the Western Athletic Conference. If anything, teams could take a long look at his competition to see if his skills will translate, but he has excelled against stronger non-conference competition as well. Winn can struggle to get off blocks at times when engaged by a double team. He tries to overcome this by using his initial quickness off the line, but when bigger lineman get their hands on him in protection he can be slow to disengage.  He is known to take a play off occasionally and can be unpredictable when it comes to following schemes.
							
2012	Kendall Wright	2532977	WR	Baylor	Wright had been a solid complimentary player in Baylor's high-octane offense who has turned into much more in his senior year. As Robert Griffin III's go-to option at receiver, Wright working himself wide open for a long touchdown seemed to be a common sight for Big 12 opponents this season. Wright is undersized but has the speed to take the top off of NFL defenses. His athletic ability is his greatest strength, and he uses strong, polished technique to make up for his size deficiencies on the field. He has the wiggle and subsequent burst to make a move on a defender and get up field. His ball skills are on par with his overall skills as a wideout, and he uses his footwork to run strong routes for the collegiate level. He is a smart, competitive player who runs each route to win, and usually does. He will have to improve his blocking and overall strength at the next level, but Wright has the potential to be a first day pick and make an instant impact. 	Wright knows how to use his athletic ability to his advantage and is a dynamic player. Despite his size, he is an effective and even lethal threat at the line of scrimmage, as he can get a quick step on a corner and be open from the get-off. His quickness off the line of scrimmage makes up for his size, where he is able to get a free release and get open once in his route. He is capable of being a serious deep threat, yet also has the quickness and ball skills to be effective in the short-to-intermediate game. As a route runner, Wright has shown an understanding of how to lean on a defender to gain separation and stem his routes to set-up his quick step to separate. Wright understands the strong suits of his game and plays to them. With the ball in his hands he can create plays for himself and use vision and body control to weave up field and bounce off would-be tacklers. Most importantly, he has the uncanny ability to separate from defenders and get open across the field, a dynamic that's highly sought after at the next level.
								Wright hasn't shown the ability to block or be a factor in the run game while at Baylor. If the ball is not coming his way, he can be seen not displaying full effort. He's the type of receiver who needs to be involved in the game to be a factor at all. Showing the ability to run NFL routes will help this prospect's status.
							
2012	Jarius Wright	2532978	WR	Arkansas	Wright has been a consistent starter for Arkansas since his freshman year. He is undersized but has legitimate 4.4 speed that he uses well in all aspects of his game. He wasn't used much as a returner, but he is an option for NFL teams there based off his ball handling, quickness and long speed. He has fourth-round value working out of the slot at the next level.	Wright is a very quick player who understands how to work out of the slot and sit down in the holes of zone defenses. He is tough in traffic and a deep threat who runs good routes. He understands the angling aspect of route running and how to run in a way that he can create separation and be a wide open option for his quarterback. He has quick hands to snag the ball in short throws and the ability to reel it in deep. A possible value-added guy at the return positions although he hasn't displayed it often in college.
								Wright is undersized and although he gives great effort in the run game, he has struggled to sustain on his blocks. He utilizes quick feet off the line but can get jammed up by bigger corners if lined up directly.
							
2012	Devon Wylie	2532979	WR	Fresno St.	Wylie is an undersized receiver from Fresno State who was actually never a full-time starter during his time there. He has battled injuries throughout his career, and this has greatly effected his ability to be productive but has also kept him a hidden gem-type prospect who has fourth-round value based off his ability to contribute as a starter immediately in the return game. He is a burner whose 40 time will greatly help and support his grade despite limited playing time at a WAC school.	Wylie is highly effective as a returner as he is very decisive and has the speed to make one cut and get up field to take it the distance. As a receiver, he is very quick off the ball and gets into his route immediately. He understands how to use his quick feet to overcome his size and get off the line. He is a good route runner who can get open at the top of routes due to his acceleration and ability to break on a dime. He is a consummate deep threat and could be effective running quick screens and getting yards after the catch at the next level.
								Wylie is an undersized receiver who has been completely hampered throughout his career by injuries. Teams will be turned off by his durability and inability to consistently see the field at Fresno State.
							
2012	Kevin Zeitler	2532980	G	Wisconsin	Zeitler has been a regular starter when healthy over the past three years on extremely productive offensive lines at Wisconsin. All of his linemates have been considered professional run blockers with the size to match, and he is no different. Zeitler is well coached and technical in his pass set. He has second- or third-round value due because of his experience playing on a productive line and being polished enough to play early.	Zeitler displays very quick movement off the line and gets into his blocks quickly. He can blow a defender back and also drive his legs to sustain throughout run plays. He stands out in his work at the second level, where he has the ability to bend his knees and engage linebackers. He can quickly pull from his spot off the line.
								Zeitler is a big man with heavy legs who at times labors to get moving when he needs to get out of his set and pull. His body control can be inconsistent at times, as he occasionally will whiff on linebackers. He is slower than desirable and is better off working in close proximity to his man to control the block.
							
2012	Charles Mitchell	2532981	SS	Mississippi St.	Mitchell is an experienced corner who stands out as a smart and reliable player on the back end. He started for three  years and is a smooth athlete who would look natural as a spot starter in the NFL. He is a bit short but he understands how to play the position and this helps him be in position to make impact plays. He is a controlled athlete, can trigger his feet to turn and get to a spot and has the body control to gather his feet and get in position to make a play on the ball in pass and also dip his hips to set and make a play against the run. He looks natural on the field and wouldn't be a liability if he had to play early. Mitchell will likely make a team as a special teams starter early but could start if there is a need; he has fifth-round potential.	Mitchell is strong for the position. He has average size but his strength shows in the run game. He diagnoses plays well and you can tell he is a preparation-based player; he is always in position. He is good in zone coverage, where he recognizes plays early working within the scheme and turns to get to the ball quickly. In run support he plays the position well and triggers to get downfield quickly and fill his lane. He rarely misses a tackle.
								Mitchell does not make many big plays and is not a ball hawk. He is better against the run than the pass, and hasn't had much experience in man coverage. He plays well within a scheme but isn't necessarily a safety who can make his own plays; he is often around the ball but hasn't had a ton of turnover production. He won't blow away a coaching staff to demand a starting position, but if need be could be serviceable.
							
2012	Cyhl Quarles	2532982	SS	Wake Forest	Quarles is a tall, smooth-moving safety who has started for three years for the Demon Deacons. He is consistently active in run plays and likes to deliver hits in the pass game. He is a quick reactor who relies on his burst to get to plays more than his pre-snap reads. He's an intriguing prospect who could rise throughout his pre-draft process as he is an impressive-looking athlete and one who makes plays on the field. He could play early and contribute on special teams and for that, teams should give him late-round consideration as an NFL-ready safety.	Quarles is a good athlete who can react quickly to plays. He reads the field well from the back end and has the athletic ability to turn and run in pursuit. Once he gets to the ball, Quarles makes his presence known and can really deliver a blow. He has shown the ability to separate receivers from the ball and has been a productive tackler throughout his career. He knows when to throttle down and make the sure tackle. He is more of a zone safety than he is man, as he works better when moving toward the play than he does when having to use his hips to stay with a man in close.
								Quarles could be considered just a smooth, non-explosive athlete who is only serviceable at the position to some. He hasn't made a ton of explosive plays and doesn't stand out as a ball hawk. He has trouble at times when covering in man and needs to fix certain hitches in his footwork and the flipping of his hips to be able to contend with the athletic ability of wide receivers and some tight ends at the next level.
							
2012	Johnnie Troutman	2532983	G	Penn St.	Troutman has started for three years at Penn State at offensive guard and is a fierce blocker when finishing plays. He is able to use arm strength to hold on and sustain his blocks, but he has some hitches in his footwork that limit him in pass protection. As a mover he gets to the second level well and can stay on his man. He is a much better run blocker than pass blocker and should find a role as a backup player in the NFL. For this, he has late-round value, but he hasn't blown anyone away and needs a strong performance in the pre-draft process to ensure he'll be drafted after showing up as a disruptive mover against Houston in the Ticket City Bowl.	Troutman is a good run blocker who understands how to use technique to overcome certain deficiencies inherent in his game. He has a wide base and a good anchor to sustain on his blocks, and he is able to generate a little bit of a pop off the ball to move his defensive lineman backward. He mirrors guys well and stays with his man using strong hands in the run game. He is flexible and an overall reliable inside option for a run-heavy team.
								Troutman has good technique in the run game, but he struggles in his pass set. He can make explosive blocks once he meets his man, but he can get overpowered when having to move to the second level or deal with a quick-twitched interior defensive lineman. He is probably better suited for the right side of the line, as he could be a liability in pass protection and is a guy who could get outmaneuvered against the NFL's top athletes.
							
2012	Terrance Ganaway	2532984	RB	Baylor	Ganaway has been a nice supplementary asset to the Baylor offense. He had an impressive showing against Washington in a bowl game and showed why he is more than just an afterthought to Robert Griffin III in Baylor's offense. While he may have benefited from the holes that his Heisman-winning quarterback and top-wide receiver prospect (Kendall  Wright) opened up for him in the run game due to their stellar pass play, Ganaway is a legitimate prospect in his own right. He shows good initial quickness, a burst through the line, and seriously imposing size that give him fourth- or fifth-round value.	Ganaway is a huge back, and he plays that way. He is very quick out of his stance to hit the hole for such a big back, but he also shows the patience and savvy to let plays develop for him. Once to the hole he is good to make a guy miss or run through him, although he doesn't run with the power you'd expect out of a back his size. He is very reliable as a pass catcher and ran a lot of polished routes out of the backfield for RG3. He has the temperament of a special teams player and, given his strong ball security, could play early on, especially in short-yardage situations.
								Ganaway is somewhat of a passive player for his size. Once through the hole, he doesn't look to deliver a blow that he could with his body. He can stutter step at times, too, waiting for plays to develop. He will need to hit the hole with more authority at the next level.
							
2012	Deangelo Tyson	2532985	DE	Georgia	Tyson has been a reliable interior lineman for an effective and explosive Bulldogs defense. He has the size to play both the 3 and 5 techniques at the next level and is very strong against the run. Tyson has the size and competitiveness to be inserted early and be a force in an NFL rotation. He understands his role within a defense and has some versatility working across the line. If he can display greater athletic ability and speed than he showed on film throughout his collegiate career, look for him to be a possible late riser and be selected in the sixth or seventh round come April after showing up as a strong run-defender against Michigan State in the Outback Bowl.	Tyson is a big and strong interior force. He can hold up blocks well to keep his linebackers clean. He gives good effort in the open field and displays some athletic ability there. He is strong when locking out against engaged offensive linemen and really shows up there when shedding his man. He can get off a block and ignite a powerful step into pursuit, and is a reliable tackler once there.
								Tyson is nonexistent as a pass rusher. Although it isn't a high priority to contribute against the pass as an interior lineman, Tyson will be hurt by the fact that he doesn't have much scheme versatility, and as a 3 and 5 technique player he will be relied upon to create some sort of havoc for quarterbacks. He is a long strider and doesn't work well in short areas, which limits his ability to be effective against the pass. He is flexible, but this shows up more against the run. The major shortcoming in his play is his late reactions to plays, and he is going to need to learn how to read the flow of offensive linemen at the next level to be effective when slanting and diagnosing plays.
							
2012	Tahir Whitehead	2532986	OLB	Temple	Whitehead is a good all-around linebacker prospect who will not blow anyone away with his play, but he is serviceable and will be a good special teams player at the next level. He is a competitive defender who likes to play against the run but is even better at mauling tight ends off the ball and keeping them out of their routes. He doesn't do as well to stay with the man downfield, and he shouldn't be relied upon much against the pass in any capacity. Whitehead is a solid prospect with fifth- or sixth-round value.	Whitehead is very good at using his hands and arm strength to harass tight ends at the line of scrimmage. He has a good base and he likes to set his butt to get up under tight ends and bigger linemen to throw them off their stance at the snap. He has good speed to run a guy down across the field, but he is more of a long-speed runner and isn't as great in short areas. He is a solid tackler inside who could get the job done against NFL linemen.
								Whitehead is a run defender and should only be relied upon to re-route guys early when working in the passing game. He doesn't change directions well when running with guys downfield against the pass, and he will struggle here greatly at the next level. He doesn't look natural when dropping into zone coverage and shouldn't be put in a scheme in which he has to defend the pass often. He's more of a two-down defender.
							
2012	Travian Robertson	2532987	DT	South Carolina	Robertson is a big man who shows good effort working in the trenches for South Carolina. He has had a lot of experience playing against good offensive lines in the SEC over the years and is reliable when holding up gaps in the interior. He is obviously stiff at times and almost overdeveloped, as his muscle can inhibit his movements and overall play. He has a difficult time reacting to plays and needs to play within a scheme where he can simply rely on his size and strength to hold linemen away from the second level. He won't contribute much in the pass game either, but he is a big man who has good technique and understands his role, making him a late-round prospect and rotational player at the next level. He was disruptive and flew around in South Carolina's bowl game where he had 4 tackles and half of a sack, and he likely will build upon this performance and be a late riser like another classmate, Melvin Ingram.	Robertson is very good once he gets off the ball to immobilize offensive lineman and work within his scheme to keep linebackers free. He is a leverage player who, though stiff, understands what it takes to get under a lineman and gain an advantage early. He is extremely strong and has surprisingly developed hand technique. His strength is obvious when he sheds linemen. He is big enough to simply engulf a ball carrier once in the backfield and is a very good player within the right scheme.
								Robertson is solely a hold-up lineman who does little else. He has a tough time getting in the backfield and reaching the ball carrier. He is slow off the snap and he doesn't create plays for himself. He is the type of player who could make a lot of money playing within the right scheme, but his statistical productivity likely will be extremely low at the next level.
							
2012	Antwuan Reed	2532988	CB	Pittsburgh	Reed is a tough cornerback out of Pitt who started for two years. He usually plays the field and is a decent cover man who still needs to develop his ball skills if he is going to be effecting at the next level. He is good to read a man's hips and not get beat deep, but he employs a bail technique on nearly every play to be able to stay with receivers. The fact that he turns his hips and runs immediately off the snap, even in press, shows that he doesn't quite trust his speed. He is an all-around player who is reliable to make a tackle but won't make many special plays.	Reed is reliable to not get beat deep. He plays on his heels and turns to run with receivers immediately off the ball. He likes to employ a quick shuffle and swivel to get into his forward motion where he is much more comfortable and can stay with his man. He reads run quickly and seems more quick and excited to get involved in run support than he is to cover a man on an island. He is a decent athlete who knows when to break on the ball to cover for his slight athletic hitches. 
								Reed seems very unsure of himself in coverage. His quick bail technique that he consistently uses could get him in trouble at the next level against more talented receivers. He almost always turns to run with his man, and he could be very vulnerable against bigger receivers in the quick passing game. While he is quick to break on passes or react to the run, he struggles to make plays once he gets there, as he is not a physical tackler and displays minimal ball skills. 
							
2012	Derrick Shelby	2532989	DE	Utah	Shelby has started for four years, lining up at various positions across the defensive line. A decent sized athlete for the position and a bit of a tweener for outside linebacker and end. He would bring power as an edge rusher in a 3-4 set, but could get outsized in a traditional set. Good all-around player who can be inconsistent but is a solid late-round pick and future rotational player.	Shelby is decent off the ball but has a burst in the open field. Can run to either side and has the strength to set the edge. Good reach and plays the run well. Needs to make his decisions early when rushing the passer but when he does and they work, he is a force. Could possibly move outside in a 3-4 set.
								Despite his playing experience, it is scary at times when grading his ability to diagnose plays and make quick decisions on the line. Can be eliminated once engaged with a lineman, but can show starter-type ability if he makes a good decision and reads the play. An inconsistent player.
							
2012	Tydreke Powell	2532990	DT	North Carolina	Powell has started at defensive tackle for the past two years for the Tar Heels. He has some inconsistencies and limitations in his play, almost all of which involve his athletic ability. He is a big-bodied interior lineman at over 300 pounds, and he has value as a run defender but little else. Powell could be taken in the late rounds based off his size, but he will need to post strong showings in pre-draft workouts to prove that he is more than just a lane clogger inside and can actually contribute to a defensive line rotation. 	Powell is a big and powerful body who has a strong upper body. He can extend his arms and control interior offensive linemen with ease, and he has a decent anchor throughout his legs to match. This package allows him to maintain position and work off blocks to be a factor in the run game. Powell was seldom moved when working against the run in college, so some teams may see him as a potential option for a 3-4 defense as a stout point-of-attack man. He understands how to work in the run game and make his presence felt inside.
								Powell is an obviously unathletic mover at the defensive tackle position. He isn't quite a lane-clogging nose tackle, so he is limited to being primarily a 3-technique defensive tackle who will have trouble working against the pass. He is slow off the line of scrimmage and, though strong, shows minimal jolt off the ball. He is hardly a disruptive influence. He will often stand up off the snap, diminishing what could be a powerful base given his size. Powell has the potential, based off his size and upper body strength, to hold the point against two blockers and be a hold-up man in a 3-4 scheme, but he rarely did so at the collegiate level.
							
2012	Evan Rodriguez	2532991	TE	Temple	Rodriguez is an interesting prospect in that teams will have to find abnormal ways to get him the ball in space at the next level. He transferred from West Virginia to Temple after only one semester, and it was an obviously advantageous move for both parties. He stands out as having the physical traits to not be denied a spot on a team in the NFL. Rodriguez has true tweener size and isn't an obvious tight end or fullback. He is a serviceable player at the next level in the short passing game, as he is a reliable pass catcher and has a deceptive wiggle to make guys miss and get the short first down. 	Rodriguez is a very reliable pass catcher who is a crafty route runner. He was a go-to look for Temple to pick up first downs and maneuver through defenders to get extra yardage. He is quick off the ball and understands how to leverage his body when working in-route. He is a smooth runner who looks natural in the open field, and although he won't be relied upon much downfield at the next level, he ran a lot of intermediate-type routes where he used his stride and deceptive speed to separate from defenders.
								Rodriguez is almost nonexistent in the pass game, and his athletic ability is suspect when watching him work in attempt to get to the second level and block linebackers. He may have a tough time winning with strength or speed at the next level, two traits that players in his role often rely on to out-match would-be defenders since he is smaller than some linebackers and definitely not as fast as safeties. 
							
2012	Jack Crawford	2532992	DE	Penn St.	Crawford has started for three years at Penn State, but he has only played for five years at the position in his football career. He was a late bloomer who moved to the United States from England to play basketball in high school before picking up the game and an eventual scholarship from Penn State. He is a developmental prospect who has an incredible frame he can fill out as he embarks on an NFL career. He is a late-round prospect who could be taken earlier if a team can live with developing him and not expecting much as a rookie. He is an inconsistent player at this point in his career. He barely showed up against Houston in the Ticket City Bowl and logged only one pass defensed -- a microcosm of his career at Penn State, where he generally just stood up and hoped to use his frame to knock down balls.	Crawford has an amazing frame for defensive end. At over 6-foot-5, he is going to get his hands up and disrupt passes at the next level. Even if he has to develop early on, he can contribute right away in this aspect. Unfortunately, he only did it once against Houston in the Ticket City Bowl, which would have been a prime opportunity against a smaller quarterback in Case Keenum. He has excelled here, however, throughout his career. He is an athletic for his position and it shows when he is running down cross-field plays. He is adept at shedding his blocks and geting to the ball. For a raw player, he has a surprising feel working against the run game. He struggles against the pass and is still developing his technique to be more effective there, but his frame gives him plenty of potential.
								Crawford is still developing as a football player. It is obvious at times that he hasn't been playing the game very long; he has a difficult time reading offensive lines and reacting to plays against the run. Once there, he is disruptive and effective, but he could be a deer in headlights early on at the next level. He is not very quick off the ball and will need to continue to develop his speed and burst. He looks nice but can't really burst in short areas to get to the quarterback and finish the play.
							
2012	Donald Stephenson	2532993	T	Oklahoma	Stephenson is a big offensive lineman who has been versatile at the tackle position. Far from a powerful mover, is somewhat of a finesse blocker. Quick in the run game and nasty when finishing plays. Relies more on competitiveness than strength to get the job done, but the fact that he's played both left and right tackle for a major program makes him a late-round pick with backup potential.	Stephenson is very quick out of his stance, and this is his one shining quality. Has good footwork and is a lateral mover who can get beat by strength but recovers well to not allow sacks. Good when puling and working in the open field; has more value as a mover and second-level blocker. He can be nasty when finishing plays and is reliable to not allow sacks.
								Stephenson is not very strong despite his size. Always in a stalemate and forces himself to use footwork. Quick off the line, but not explosive. Can get blown back by more explosive players in pass blocking. 
							
2012	Patrick Witt	2532994	QB	Yale	Witt has been a star at Yale ever since transferring from Nebraska early on in his career, and he has the size and accuracy to be serviceable at the next level. Witt is a smart player who was a good game manager of Yale's offense. He is extremely accurate, particularly on short throws, and has good athletic ability in his pass set. He has the footwork and throwing motion down to be productive at the next level. He is poised in the pocket and deals with pressure well. He is good to side step would-be rushers and reset to find his target in good time. 	Witt is a very accurate short-area passer who has displayed the traits to be a solid conductor of a West Coast offense. He has good drive on his ball and understands when to place touch on it to give his receivers a chance. He is poised in the pocket, and you can tell he is highly involved in the game; he has improved significantly from 2010 in understanding when to avoid pressure and how to be smart with the ball. His release and pass set all look NFL-ready.
								Witt has a history of throwing errant balls that could really hinder his development at the next level. The level of nervousness he displayed in the pocket when facing oncoming pressure was so blatant earlier in his career that teams may worry about him only being able to show a competent level of awareness for one year. He is a one-year wonder type player in a smaller conference who transferred early from a bigger program, and this could be concerning to teams if he doesn't back up his ability with a strong showing throughout the pre-draft process.
							
2012	Desmond Wynn	2532995	G	Rutgers	Wynn is a two-year starter inside for Rutgers who has a big body and the strength/footwork to match. He is a tough individual and fights until the end to sustain his blocks downfield. He has the base to hold his blocks and has been a go-to offensive lineman to run behind at Rutgers. He helped himself, along with the entire Rutgers offensive line, with a strong second half of his senior season and a strong showing in the Pinstripe Bowl, where the team rushed for over 250 yards against UConn.	Wynn is very good to get his body in position and sustain on his blocks downfield. He has the strength to lock on and keep his legs driving to get noticeable movement. He is a consistent player and always shows up in the run game. His athletic ability can be exposed on the second level and in pass protection, but as a low-risk interior run blocker he is a good prospect.
								Wynn struggles in pass protection, and his athletic ability can be exposed when he attempts to work to the second level and get on linebackers. He is a straight-line mover who hasn't shown the footwork to throttle down his body and fit on a linebacker or oncoming safety. He has the same struggles when he is pulling, where trash often gets in his way and he can be on the ground often. 
							
2012	Terrence Frederick	2532996	CB	Texas A&M	Frederick is an undersized corner who started for Texas A&M and played a variety of roles for them throughout his career. He is slow-footed, and this can be his defining attribute as he struggles off the line playing close in man coverage; he is much more of a zone player. He has played in the slot in nickel looks a lot in his career, which will help him early on in his NFL voyage as younger corners are often called upon to fill this void in defenses. He gets the most out of his athletic ability by being a smart player who takes good angles on the ball.	Frederick is a very good zone defender who understands angles. He knows how to diagnose plays and is very good to watch his man's hips, and then turn his eyes to the quarterback to make breaks when playing zone. This can get him in trouble at times, but he is good for the most part when reacting to the quarterback and breaking on the ball. Frederick is a solid, good-base athlete who plays that way on the edge when supporting the run. Although he is slightly undersized, he likes to throw his entire body around and won't just stick on blocks, which is the knock on some undersized corners. 
								Frederick is not a man-cover corner and would struggle early if put in that situation in the NFL. He is slow-footed, so in man coverage he can get blown by off the snap. He is a bit undersized and struggles on the line against bigger receivers. He is inconsistent and almost bashful when playing man, and one can tell that he is unsure of his speed when running with a receiver down field. 
							
2012	Shaun Prater	2532997	CB	Iowa	Prater is an athletic corner who has the quickness and mental makeup to play early at the next level. He was a three-year starter at Iowa and has been a good player against some strong talent throughout his career. He will be hindered by a poor finish to his senior year that culminated in a rough showing against Oklahoma in the Insight Bowl against some NFL-caliber talent, but in the end he has put a lot of good years on film.	Prater is an athletic guy, he is able to cover in man and has the burst and recognition to react well when playing zone. In man, he has the hips and footwork to mirror his man down the field and the recognition to make a play on the ball once it's thrown. He has good flexibility, and it shows when he is maneuvering at the top of routes to stay in close to his man. He understands how to work back in zone and see players in front of him, and he has a much better burst from a still position to react to thrown balls than he does a burst to stay with a man deep. 
								Prater can struggle at times when working in man to understand when the ball is thrown. He is good to stay with a receiver in-route but will look lost at times when having to look back towards the quarterback when downfield. He also isn't very good to jump in full speed and make a play, and is just average overall in run support and tackling.
							
2012	Christian Thompson	2532998	FS	South Carolina St.	Thompson is an intriguing and big safety from little-known South Carolina State. He is a very athletic player and dominated at times throughout college. He is not great to make a play on the ball in coverage and struggles at times reacting in zone, but he is a very athletic mover and capable of covering big, fast tight ends at the next level. He is a bit of an unknown but could continue to rise throughout the pre-draft process, and his value could be understated at this time given the emergence of athletic tight ends in the NFL in 2011. 	Thompson is a big-time athlete. With his frame, he can match up with the NFL's biggest and fastest on offense. He excels in man coverage where he uses his quick-twitched feet and smooth hips to cover. He is good in off-man, where he can sit and wait on a move before reacting and then blanketing. He is a raw player who hasn't been exposed to top talent at this point in his career. He understands the game and is good to come and fill in run support, although he is a better tackler against the pass than he is straight up against the run. He needs to get tougher and get off blocks from bigger linemen more quickly. He would fit in right away on an NFL defense.
								Thompson is raw and hasn't played against top talent in college. He struggles at times in zone and can look out of sorts. He is not reliable to catch the ball, although he is around it often. He doesn't have speed that translates to the field when he is in pursuit; he needs to rely on his footwork more than he does at the current time so that he doesn't get out of position and have to chase at the next level.
							
2012	Frank Alexander	2532999	DE	Oklahoma	Alexander started for two years at defensive end for Oklahoma, and could have some position versatility given that he has been in a stand-up position occasionally. Has some girth and could be an option at outside LB for a team that could live with a pure rusher there who doesn't cover much in the flats. A high-energy player who uses his length well and could be a good rotational option at the next level. Should be drafted in the late rounds.	Alexander is a lengthy athlete and uses his arms well against the run. Sheds blocks well, is instinctual from a 3-point stance or standing up, and is a natural player on the edge. Can make plays once in the backfield and is a solid all-around edge prospect.
								Alexander struggles when doubleteamed. Might be a better fit as an outside linebacker in a 3-4 scheme; doesn't bend real well and gets stopped in his tracks when overpowered. Takes time to get his big frame moving.
							
2012	Bryan Anger	2533000	P	California	Anger is undoubtedly one of the few punters who should be considered for a late-round pick, as he has a strong leg and has been consistent enough to come into training camp and steal a starting spot from a veteran. Teams love being able to pay rookie salaries to their kicking positions, and Anger just might have the skills to be worth the late-round pick come April.	Anger is a very accurate punter who employs a wide array of styles. He can execute both Aussie and rugby kicks, which will help him to pin teams deep. With so many strong-legged punters around the league these days, excelling in this area is a key attribute. Plays the ball to either side of the field, is strong enough to start in the NFL, is quick in his approach and athletic.
								Anger struggles getting height on his ball. Gets the ball off quick. Although he can drive it deep, often the ball comes down quickly and that can prove costly at the next level.
							
2012	Josh Harris	2533001	LS	Auburn	Harris was one of the most accurate and consistent long snappers in the country. In the NFL, consistency is key at the long snapper position, along with velocity and snap time. Harris has both of these, and the chances are good that a team could take the uncommon step of drafting him in the late rounds.	Harris is very accurate and has good velocity. He did not have any faulty snaps at the collegiate level and is very reliable. He has good spin on his ball, and it shows that he knows how to vary his heights based off whether he is kick or punt snapping. He has good size and speed to get downfield and be a factor in coverage -- an all-around prototypical long snapper.
								Harris is yet to show many weaknesses in his game, hence the reason why he is a draftable long snapping prospect. He struggles in his lateral movements when trying to throttle down and make tackles downfield, but he obviously won't be heavily relied upon to do this.
							
2012	Troy Stoudermire	2533002	CB	Minnesota	Stoudermire is a bit undersized but physical enough to overcome that at the next level, and is an all-around athlete who has the speed to run with just about any NFL receiver. Has only been on the defensive side of the ball since his junior year, but has been effective. A low-cut tackler and prime candidate to play special teams early. A late-riser who is a gamer and always around the ball. Has late-round value.	Stoudermire has great speed, and can catch up to nearly any receiver. Can react to a poorly thrown ball quickly and take it the other way, and is physical enough to disengage his man from the ball at the top of his routes. Despite not playing the position very long, has good footwork in his backpedal and seems like he has a natural feel for the position in zone. Good hands.
								Stoudermire hasn't been playing the position long, and there are some hitches he displays in his technique which hinder him. Struggles playing straight-up man and can be thrown off by more experienced receivers who understand how to stem their routes off the ball and play with leverage. Still learning to play zone, and can look lost at times in cover 2. Also still developing his tackling skills, and looks willing, but struggles when having to tackle in space as the last line of defense.
							
2012	Drew Butler	2533003	P	Georgia	Butler is likely the top punting prospect in this year's draft. He is a boomer who has been very reliable at Georgia. He consistently punts the ball as deep as anyone currently in the NFL. An athlete and not a liability in coverage, he has late-round value to a team that needs a punter.	The reliable Butler is an athlete first, which helps him when catching the snap and getting it to his toe quickly; this is crucial for him at the next level to avoid blocks. Has a strong leg and really looks natural in his two-step kick motion. Looks comfortable getting the ball off. 
								Butler has struggled the few times he's had a ton of defenders in his face. Looks calm most of the time, but when faced with pressure, it remains to be seen if he can get the ball off as effectively. While he is an athlete with NFL safety size, he didn't have to cover much in college, and he'll be tested early at the next level.
							
2012	Miles Burris	2533004	OLB	San Diego St.	Burris is a very instinctive, fly-around linebacker who has the size and strength to play a number of roles at the next level. He is big, fast, and physical and will contribute on special teams; he could even contest for a starting role early on given that he is a low-floor, low-ceiling prospect who is likely as good as he is going to get; that's a good all-around player though, with fifth- or six-round value.	Burris will blow up screens one play and turn to run with a tight end downfield on the next. Works well within the box, where he uses his size and strength to shed lineman. Understands his role, and quickly fills gaps or gets outside to set on a fullback and keep a runner inside. A natural linebacker, Burris can drop in zone coverage and cover in man, but could be a great 3-4 inside LB candidate. 
								Burris is not an outstanding pass defender; he gets the job done, but his speed is exposed slightly in space. Could be like the Patriots' Brandon Spikes, both good and bad, as Spikes has trouble against the pass.
							
2012	Jacquies Smith	2533005	DE	Missouri	Smith is an impressive prospect who is slightly undersized. A very instinctual player who knows how to diagnose a play. Started for two years and has speed that will translate to the next level. Late-round value with potential to rise in the pre-draft process as he displays his speed. Can get to the quarterback and provide pressure while still remaining a factor in the run game.	Smith is extremely fast and backs it up with the play recognition that allows him to be around the ball all the time. Understands how to be in a rush mindset but react quickly enough to be a factor in the run game. Good tackler who takes great angles in space. Has good technique and uses his explosive hands to keep blockers at bay; a player who really understands the game. 
								Smith is undersized and can really struggle against double teams. Will likely be a two-down defender at the next level. Can fall off tackles at times, and can get stoned while pass rushing against more powerful offensive lineman.
							
2012	Jaye Howard	2533006	DT	Florida	Howard is a thick interior lineman who has great size and can make big, impactful plays working from his defensive tackle position. He can disappear at times in plays, as he did in games for the Gators, and this will be the major concern surrounding his transferability to the next level.	Howard has been a durable player for the Gators. He is very quick off the ball for his size, although he can forget his technique (a testament to his inconsistent play overall) and rise up to get stonewalled by offensive linemen at times. He is very good against the run and has the ability to snap quickly off the ball, engage a lineman, then work off him to move laterally towards a running back and make a big-time play in the backfield.
								Howard is very inconsistent. There were times at Florida when he would just let himself get blocked. He is late to disengage from his man on many plays, and this really hurts his ability to be consistent. When he sees an opening, he can hit it and make a big play, but he shouldn't be relied upon to defeat blocks and make plays on his own.
							
2012	Markus Zusevics	2533007	T	Iowa	Zusevics has been a reliable blocker for Iowa and is a straight-line run blocker who is powerful in the run game. He is non-explosive and has a difficult time getting a jolt. He could be looked at to move inside to center given this and his weight. He is slow off the ball and struggles in pass protection, but he has late-round talent based off his frame and consistency.	Zusevics is a competitive blocker who works hard to sustain his blocks through the end of plays in the run game. He is good to adjust on the second level and get his big frame on linebackers, and he understands how to use angles and technique in his play to make him more effective. He is a non-flexible, linear player who will use his hands well to make sure he doesn't get blown over in pass protection.
								Zusevics is a linear player who has a weak anchor and could get blown over by more powerful rushers in pass protection at the next level. While he is technically sound, he is not a good athlete and has to work hard to overcome his deficiencies. He is a low-ceiling player and likely will be relegated to a backup position in the NFL.
							
2012	Demario Davis	2533008	OLB	Arkansas State	Davis is a big linebacker who is competitive and had a lot of tackles for the Red Wolves of Arkansas State. He can run, and speed is by far and away his best asset. He could challenge to run in the 4.5s throughout the pre-draft process, and that kind of speed is hard to ignore. Davis is big enough to play the position in the NFL, and has fifth-round value to a team who needs a guy that can run down plays and be effective against both the pass and run. Davis can be an awesome special teams candidate early on, and this will likely be the key reason he is on a field in Week 1 of the 2012 NFL season.	Davis can really run, and it shows in every play he is in against the run. He has a burst in short areas to move toward the ball immediately off the snap, and can run down almost any back to meet him outside the tackles and cover the outside run. He chases hard and fast every play, and would be an excellent option to play outside 'backer in a 4-3 defense in which he could play free and really contain the run from sideline to sideline. He is a good tackler once there and has that obvious explosion to drive through his hips and really deliver a blow on a ball carrier.
								Davis needs to gather better when running down plays from the inside-out. He is so fast that he can overrun guys at times and fly off them as his momentum takes him outside on a tackle. Against one-cut runners at the NFL level, he could have a tough time gathering to make a secure tackle on the run. His athletic ability really doesn't translate to pass defense, where he can look awkward and out of place at times when playing within a zone. He needs to learn to better diagnose plays and could struggle against faster offenses.
							
2012	Tyler Nielsen	2533009	OLB	Iowa	Nielsen is a big, fast outside linebacker and has shown a lot of NFL-ready traits throughout his time at Iowa. He relies heavily on his speed to make plays in the run game both inside and out, but his athletic ability doesn't translate to cover skills, where he struggles covering in man or making plays on the ball. He is an average blitzer, but has late-round value to a team looking for a tacking machine inside or out.	Nielsen is very fast, and he diagnoses run plays quickly. He is good to read offensive line tendencies and reach accordingly, and he has the speed to get outside and pursue players on the edge. He uses his hands well to sift through trash on the second level and is very savvy/aware to keep himself free to get tackle production. He is very urgent to get to the ball and reliable to make a tackle once there.
								Nielsen does not have great athletic ability in space and struggles to cover in both man and zone. He shouldn't be relied on heavily to make plays in man coverage at the next level, as he has poor technique and opens his hips immediately to give players a free release into their route. He is OK defending the run inside, but can get overpowered by bigger blockers or runners.
							
2012	Tony Bergstrom	2533010	OT	Utah	Bergstrom has started three consecutive seasons at Utah, and is an older prospect considering the fact that he went on a religious mission for two years before playing with the Utes full-time. He is a mature player who is reliable, and hasn't allowed many sacks throughout his collegiate career. Bergstrom is a very good mover in space and works well to the second level, so although he hasn't played the position, he could be an option for teams to work at guard. Either way, Bergstrom is a solid, reliable, risk-free prospect who could eventually develop into a starter and should settle into a backup role nicely early on; late-round value.	Bergstrom is a very good mover in space. He is not very aggressive in any of his blocks, but when pulling he is very good to chop his feet, gather his weight and settle into a block to put himself into a position to get movement and keep sustained. He is a technically sound player who uses his hands well. He looks natural in his pass set and gets his  hands readied early to fight off rushers. He isn't very strong, but relies on feet and technique to work on the line and make reliable blocks.
								Bergstrom is a non-explosive, almost weak offensive lineman. He doesn't get much of a jolt when working off the ball and struggles to get a lot of movement when blocking for the run. He is not aggressive in his blocks and is more of a catcher who uses his feet and hands to react and mirror. Bergstrom is what he is: Reliable, big, and a student of the game, but he isn't going to blow anyone away at the next level.
							
2012	Blair Walsh	2533011	K	Georgia	Walsh is a three-year starter with an active and strong leg. Can consistently put the ball in the end zone on kickoffs and has been reliable enough that a team with a need may select him to keep him off the free agent market.	Walsh is a confident kicker who will let it rip from 60+. He is most reliable in mid-range kicks. An athlete who is capable of making a tackle.
								Walsh has been inaccurate at times when he tries to drive the ball too hard.
							
2012	Vick Ballard	2533012	RB	Mississippi St.	Ballard is a big back who has been productive throughout his career at Mississippi State. He is very effective running between the tackles and could be a reliable third-down option as he is athletic in space and understands how to block in the pass game. Given his size and production, and the idea that he will probably come in and be able to contribute in pass protection, Ballard has late-round value to a running back-needy team.	Ballard is a very instinctual runner. He looks natural to sift through defenders that get in the backfield early, and shows a good little burst once breaking through the line. He is a good runner in the open field and has some deceptive juke moves that he will put on bigger players. Ballard carries the ball high and tight and is very conscious of oncoming traffic to be a dependable inside runner. His value early on is that he is a big body who is willing to block oncoming linebackers in pass protection, and is also a good check-down option in the pass game who understands how to work up field and pick up first downs after catching the ball. Ballard is also a willing special teamer who likes to fly around and seeks contact.
								Ballard is not a very quick-twitched athlete. He is big, but doesn't run with a ton of power and bigger linebackers often bring him down on first contact. He is instinctual inside and when he has the ball in his hands in the flats, but he does not have the speed to get to the edge on his own. He is natural between the tackles, and a deer in headlights in the open field.
							
2012	Jeremy Jones	2533013	CB	Wayne St. (MI)	Jones comes from unheralded Wayne State (located in Detroit, Mich.) and has decent size for the corner position. He is a very savvy corner who understands how to play the position and plays well in zone coverages. He is fast and athletic, and shows a good burst when he is working in and out of his pedal. He shows the toughness and willingness to play special teams early on at the next level, and could go in the seventh round to a team needing corner depth and willing to help develop his skills.	Jones is a very smart player and it's obvious that he studies offensive tendencies. In man, he can stay close with any receiver and has good athletic ability there to turn his hips. He has good technique even though he's from such a small school and has likely had limited coaching at the position, and he his footwork is in tune with his body when he covers. He plays well in zone and is a real good short-area player to show a burst and get to the ball.
								Jones has a tough time adjusting to balls that are thrown when he is running away from the line of scrimmage. He can get out-jumped by bigger wide receivers, and although he looks aware to make plays on the ball in zone has not shown the skills in man to make ball plays. He is a decent and willing tackler, but can get run over by bigger competition.
							
2012	Dominique Hamilton	2533014	DT	Missouri	Hamilton is a solid player who has incredible size for an interior lineman and has been durable throughout his time at Mizzou. A non-athletic mover, Hamilton doesn't have quite the strength to play nose in a 3-4 base defense, but he could fill a similar role in a 4-3 and help to clog up the interior for an NFL defense. He is slow off the ball and not much of a factor against the pass, but teams will likely feel enticed to take him in the late rounds given his production in college and size for the position.	Hamilton is good against the run to defeat single blocks and make a play on the ball. He has a fire in his play that is obvious when defending the run. He can defeat single blocks with ease and is good to flow toward plays away from him and continue to be a factor even when the play is not right in his gap. He tackles chest-high but is big enough to engulf smaller runners. Hamilton has developed his hand technique over the years and has shown the ability to play with good technique, albeit inconsistently.
								Hamilton is a very slow mover who takes a while to labor off the ball once it's snapped. He doesn't play instinctively and could struggle against double teams at the next level. NFL teams will want to give just enough help from another interior lineman to seal him and he could be entirely eliminated from the play. He is a non-factor against the pass; NFL offenses will love to just slightly double him against the run and forget about him entirely on passing downs, he needs to be more of a factor and consistent player against the pass to be a three-down lineman.
							
2012	Shawn Powell	2533015	P	Florida St.	Powell is in contention with Drew Butler of Georgia to be the top punter in the nation, although Louisiana Tech's Ryan Allen won the Ray Guy Award as the nation's top punter during the 2011 season. He has incredible leg strength, gets the ball high in his kicks, and can place it within the 20-yard line consistently, all of which are key attributes when assessing NFL transferability. Look for him to possibly be selected in the late rounds to a team looking for a franchise punter.	Powell has a serious leg and can consistently kick it deep. He has impressive size for a punter. He booms it with ease and has a consistent, comfortable two-step kicking motion. He gets the ball up and out quickly and really has great hang time, a major trait to possess at the NFL level. The second-most important trait, ball placement, is one that Powell has in his repertoire as well, and he can consistently place it within the 20-yard line.
								Although he has a good frame, Powell is not really a candidate for fakes and could be a liability being the safety man in coverage.
							
2012	Najee Goode	2533016	ILB	West Virginia	Goode is a bit of a tweener in that he bounced around from inside to outside linebacker much in his career at West Virginia. NFL teams will have the same troubles when deciding where to play him. He played outside for much of his career, serving as the flow tackler for a defense that featured classmate Bruce Irvin at outside linebacker. Goode had a solid year working from the inside and is strong to defeat offensive linemen, he has 3-4 and 4-3 base defense versatility as well, which all comes together to make him a late-round prospect. 	Goode is a solid tackler and works better in the box than he does in space. He can read linemen and fill his gaps adequately. He uses good leverage when going against bigger linemen and can deliver a blow to oncoming running backs. Goode has the strength to back up a 240-pound frame, and doesn't let offensive linemen stick on him long. Goode is a classic inside presence who struggles turning to cover in zone and is better suited playing against the run.
								Goode won't be very reliable against the pass in the NFL and is more of a two-down defender. He has the speed to run with bigger offensive players but would struggle dropping back to cover slot receivers. He has the same struggles in zone coverage where he doesn't look natural to flip his hips and get into his pass set; he doesn't contribute much either when rushing the passer and doesn't have the burst or technique to get around more experienced lineman.
							
2012	Paul Madsen	2533017	T	Colorado St.	Madsen is a prospect with good size for the position and the ability to play both left and right tackle and capacity to also develop inside. That versatility makes Madsen a late-round value. He has played both tackle positions and he could benefit from a move inside considering he has better size as a guard. He is likely to stay outside because of his pass-blocking skills, which are more polished, but he seems like a linemen that is ready and willing to compete in a camp at either outside or in.	Madsen is a "get the job done" type blocker who doesn't show a nasty streak, but is a hard-working blocker. He is smooth in his slide and is smooth to start pulling, although he struggles at times once reaching the second level. Madsen is on the ground often and has a questionable anchor, but he usually is able to bring his man with him and could stand up against any defensive lineman in his conference. 
								Madsen is a slightly soft player who doesn't blow away any defensive linemen off the snap. He can get off the ball quickly when focused, but does just about everything else at a slower pace and can labor at times when trying to work around to the second level against linebackers. He can't get much drive in the run game and is more of a positional blocker who wills himself to sustain and keep his man away from the play.
							
2012	Josh Oglesby	2533018	T	Wisconsin	Oglesby has been a consistent performer on a very good offensive line at Wisconsin. He has the frame and experience of playing on an NFL-caliber line and protecting a pro prospect QB such as Russell Wilson. Although he is not quite the prospect as some of his Badgers classmates, he has late-round value in the draft and will likely be selected by a team looking for a reliable backup early on.	Oglesby has great size for the position. He is a good positional blocker who relies on his size to stay with his defender but also understands how to position himself to stay competitive. He is technically sound and wouldn't be a liability in pass protection. He understands how to use his hands, but isn't explosive by any means.
								Oglesby is a positional, big-bodied blocker who isn't talented athletically. He labors at times to get his frame moving and could struggle against top-tier defensive ends.
							
2012	Markus Kuhn	2533019	DT	N.C. State	Kuhn is a big interior defensive lineman who only started for one year at North Carolina State. He showed good effort in that year in all areas of his play, is good to run down plays from the backside and will be a force working from within. He struggles when getting blocked by double teams and doesn't play very instinctively yet, but he is a developmental project and has late-round value to a team that can afford to wait on his development.	Kuhn is quick off the ball, and is more of a force working inside against the pass than he is vs. the run, where he can get neutralized at times by forward-moving lines. He shows good effort and as a developmental prospect.
								Kuhn is very raw and it shows when he works against double teams or attempts to rush the passer. He has a difficult time working against more than one man and teams will take advantage of this early in his career. He is not very sound in his technique using his hands and has a ways to go before he is ready to be influential in the NFL.
							
2012	Ryan Baker	2533020	OLB	LSU	Baker has started for two years at outside linebacker for one of the top collegiate defenses. He was the prototype linebacker at LSU -- the undersized, fly-around style that this defense has played with the past few years and brought terror to the SEC. He is a fast player who can get to the ball from anywhere on the field. Given his size and physicality, Baker could be attractive to teams that run a 3-4 base defense. Teams could play him at ILB, where he would be relied upon to shed blockers and work within the box to make a lot of tackles. Baker struggles with certain movements and isn't a great cover guy, so he could get exposed covering tight ends from a 4-3 base defense OLB position at the next level. Baker could get selected in the late rounds given that he will likely be a special teams contributor early.	Baker is a very fast linebacker. He is a bit short, but very strong and has a solid base to meet bigger offensive linemen en route to the ball. This is a major reason that he could be attractive to a team running a 3-4 defense in which the inside linebackers are expected to be able to get off blocks from interior linemen on the second level. He is a very reliable tackler, with the ability to gather his weight and settle down to make a tackle in pursuit, or dip his hips to deliver an explosive blow in his gap. He could be considered much like Ali Highsmith, a LB who came out of LSU a few years back, although he is a little better working inside the box than Highsmith.
								Baker is a linebacker that needs to work within the box. He does not recognize plays immediately to drop back into coverage, and his athletic ability does not translate to pass setting or covering a guy down the field. He is not good to react once setting in his drop and has problems turning his hips to run; his feet serve him well when pursuing a ball carrier but not when having to work in a ton of space.
							
2012	Brandon Lindsey	2533021	DE	Pittsburgh	Lindsey is a big defensive end who has been durable for Pittsburgh. He won't blow you away with his play, and is just as adequate rushing the passer as he is defending the run. Lindsey has a good frame to compete in a rotation, and could stand to add a little more weight to be more of a stalwart on the edge. He is a low-ceiling prospect who could be drafted late.	Lindsey is a good run defender and knows how to play within a scheme to get in the backfield early and disrupt a play. He is polished in his technique and has no issues there, and he is strong against weaker competition to get off blocks and make a play. He has slow feet, but counters that with high awareness off the snap. An overall sound, low-risk prospect who wouldn't look out of place if forced to play early.
								Lindsey is a non-electric player; he can make plays, but they come inconsistently and he isn't going to out-run or overpower any NFL lineman. He is somewhat slow to react to the pass at times and needs to get off the ball quicker to even give himself a chance as an NFL pass rusher.
							
2012	Brian Stahovich	2533022	P	San Diego St.	Stahovich is a solid punter who has been consistent for four years at San Diego State. He has good hands to get the ball to his foot and good overall accuracy and leg strength. He hasn't done much of anything special at the collegiate level, but enough to get a shot in camp to compete against a veteran. He has late-round value but it's more than likely that he signs as a free agent.	Stahovich is an accurate punter and can pick his spots when in close to the end zone. He can handle pressure well and understands how to get his punts off quickly. He is good to take bad snaps and get them off, and is a decently reliable safety option when covering. He has the size to make tackles there.
								Stahovich is just an average punter. He hasn't quite displayed the accuracy, strength or consistency to demand an NFL job, but overall is very serviceable.
							
2012	Derek Dimke	2533023	K	Illinois	Dimke is a classic kicker coming out of college. He was a three-year starter with average size for a kicker and just average leg strength, but has been accurate enough throughout his career that he will get a shot at the next level. He is not effected by pressure or weather, and has been a consistent performer. It will be tough for a team to justify a draft pick on this kid, but look for him to be competing in a camp this August.	Dimke is an accurate kicker who is also a kickoff option. He was only 10-for-12 on field goal attempts in his senior year, making one kick from 49 yards out. He isn't knocking down NFL doors as a guy who will make kicks from more than 50 yards, but he is reliable from shorter distances and has shown enough to deserve a shot.
								Dimke is not a strong kicker and didn't attempt any kicks of 50 yards or more in his senior year. A big miss in the Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl against UCLA won't do anything to help his prospects, but Dimke isn't advertised as a strong kicker so accuracy within 30-39 yards is key for him.
							
2012	Dwight Bentley	2533024	CB	Louisiana-Lafayette	Bentley has started for four years at Louisiana-Lafayette and is a classic, undersized corner from a small school that has displayed the athletic ability to contend for an NFL spot. He is very quick in short movements and is an instinctual player. He could definitely be knocked for his size and the conference he played in, but he is a good option for a team that needs to bring corners into camp and let them compete. He could have trouble in man coverage, but teams might take a flier on him in late rounds to see if they can continue to develop a good athlete at the position.	Bentley is athletic and it shows once the ball is thrown to his area. He is able to jump and adjust his body to make a play on the ball. He is very natural when working on the line of scrimmage and in zone coverage. He is aggressive to drive his foot and move toward the ball when working the flats in cover 2. He is a "blanketer" at the top of routes, and is very good at staying with his man to contest the ball once it's thrown.
								Bentley struggles in man coverage at his level, so it could be a huge issue for him in the NFL. He wasn't given many opportunities to play straight up at Lafayette, and he played a lot of zone coverage in which he didn't have to rely on his footwork to play on an island. He is basically non-existent in run support. At his size, he struggles to play physically and this could hurt his NFL development given that he will undoubtedly have to play special teams to stick early on.
							
2012	Kyle Martens	2533025	P	Rice	Martens has been an inconsistent punter for Rice who has shown NFL-level ability at times, and then has been a liability for Rice at others. He has the leg strength to succeed at the next level but really struggles to get it off his toe quickly, which could be a major liability and make him prone to blocks. He will get his shot in a camp, but it's unlikely that teams use a draft pick on him in late April.	Martens has the leg strength to succeed, and when it comes off his foot right he can consistently boom it for more than 50 yards. He is athletic enough to snag poor snaps, which he saw a lot of at Rice. He can handle pressure and wind well, and often has people in his face due to his slow snap-to-foot time.
								Martens is extremely slow to get the ball off his foot. He takes his time even with men around him. He should be given credit for remaining unfazed by pressure, but it's more like he's oblivious and doesn't realize how long he is taking. Martens must work on getting the ball up and out quicker. Punt blocks are big-time momentum changers in NFL games, and sure-fire ways for a punter to get released from a team.
							
2012	Derek Wolfe	2533026	DT	Cincinnati	Wolfe is a big interior lineman, and plays very instinctively to be a factor in the run game. He is a slow-moving, non-explosive athlete, but this doesn't define his games and he finds other ways to be a factor. He can get overpowered by double teams, and will need to continue to develop his technique to not get erased there. Based off his frame and potential, he has late-round value in the draft.	Wolfe is an instinctual player who understands how to engage a lineman, extend his arms, and read the flow of the play to move off his blocks and make his big frame a factor inside. He sees screens well and is good to work off his man to disrupt plays inside. He can defeat single blocks well, and is a decent pass rusher when put in the right scheme where slants and stunts can put him in good position.
								Wolfe struggles off the ball to get into his slants. He is a slow mover and will not blow back any offensive lineman off the ball. He sometimes relies too heavily on his ability to diagnose, as it will seem like he is reading the play so long that he just simply gets erased by blockers. Double teams will give him a lot of trouble and he is on his back often when faced with them; NFL teams will see right through that and get an extra hand on him in the run game.
							
2012	Deangelo Peterson	2533027	TE	LSU	Peterson is an undersized tight end who really is more of a tweener, as he was used in both wide receiver looks and at tight end at LSU. He definitely won't be a blocking bruiser working off the line of scrimmage at the next level, and is more of a mismatch candidate who will need to work out of the slot to get looks against slower linebackers or smaller safeties in the NFL. He is a good athlete, but hasn't shown the consistency or production to warrant a top pick; but given the nature of NFL offenses at the moment, being mismatch driven, Peterson has late-round talent and could rise even higher to the middle rounds to a team that wants to develop his talents. 	Peterson relies heavily upon his speed, which is good working as a tight end, to beat linebackers who are covering him deep down field. He relies on his length to make catches over safeties who are running with him. He is a mismatch-driven player who doesn't make a lot happen on his own when working against fast linebackers, but he runs decent routes and is deceptively shifty with the ball after the catch.
								Peterson doesn't make many plays happen for himself. He has to rely on mismatches and schemes drawn up by coaches to be put in a position to make plays. He can't block at all on the line of scrimmage. He is slightly better to work up field on linebackers, but really struggles with the physical aspect of his play and can get beat up on the line of scrimmage by bigger linebackers before he ever gets into his route.
							
2012	James Hanna	2533028	TE	Oklahoma	Hanna is a thick tight end who is much more of a crafty receiving threat than he is a blocker, and has been consistent throughout his two years as a starter at Oklahoma. He is a good catcher and can adjust well to poorly thrown balls, even with a man draped over him. Hanna is a straight-line runner who isn't very good at maneuvering in his routes, but his speed is deceptive and he just possesses the "it" factor when it comes to making a catch at the top of his routes. He is a limited prospect who could be taken in the late rounds of the draft, but will come in, compete and potentially make a team based off his willingness to play special teams and ability as a pass-catching tight end. He only had two catches for 18 yards against Iowa in the Insight Bowl, which wasn't far off his average and about what type of player he is: Reliable to make a few tough catches, but not going to have any sort of "Rob Gronkowski-type production" from the position anytime soon.	Hanna can catch the ball when it is thrown in his area. He is athletic, and can maneuver his body at full speed to reach around or over a defender to make a catch. He is an aware player who is reliable to pick up a first town. He has a torso that is tight and can be spun around to make a catch, then turn and run using his big body to roll over safeties. He understands how to run good routes. Actually running them at the next level will be a whole new story, however.
								Hanna is not a very fast player and isn't athletic off the ball. He struggles when mauled at the line and that will be the scouting report on him at the next level: Get a bigger linebacker to disrupt his route early and prevent him from ever getting into space. He is good to catch a contested ball, but he isn't tough across the middle -- there were many times during the 2011 season when an oncoming safety gave him "alligator arms" and he was caught ducking under balls to avoid the hit. He is better when a guy is running with him in man coverage and he doesn't have to worry about a big blow, but the fact that he doesn't display toughness down field or when working as a blocker on the line makes him a limited prospect overall.
							
2012	Tank Carder	2533029	ILB	TCU	Carder has been a highly effective player ever since his shining performance for TCU in the 2011 Rose Bowl. A high-motor linebacker, Carder might not have the athletic ability to get drafted in the late rounds, but teams will have a tough time letting him go during camp. His competitiveness and toughness should allow him to find a role on a 53-man roster as a backup and special teams standout. Although he hasn't done it much for the Horned Frogs, Carder could be a special teams contributor at the next level for years to come on coverage teams, and is a reliable and consistent performer. 	The Mountain West defensive player of the year has been a seriously consistent performer. He is active in the run game and relies heavily on his instincts to diagnose plays and hit his gaps. His back-to-back POY awards speak for themselves as far as the experience he brings to the next level. He has the size and strength for the next level and is a very productive tackler. Once he sees a play he is quick to get there, and it's obvious that he understands how to read offensive lines to help him diagnose. A strong player who will fight his way into a role at the next level.
								Carder is a bit undersized and doesn't have the speed to start right away in the NFL. He diagnoses plays quickly, but his athletic ability can be exposed when he has to dip his plant step to drop back into coverage and scan the field for crossing routes. He needs to work toward the ball to be productive, but when he does, he has set records in the Mountain West for taking the ball to the house after interceptions. All of his production comes off his instincts and many will question his athletic ability as he moves to the next level; he needs to have strong workout-based performances as he shows his ability to scouts before the draft.
							
2012	Jonas Gray	2533030	RB	Notre Dame	Gray is a thick running back who has been a reliable short-yardage rotational back over the years; a role that seems likely for him in the NFL. He hasn't played much special teams for the Golden Domers, but he will undoubtedly need to be a performer in this role at the next level to stick on a roster. With his size, look for him to not only get goal-line carries, but also be a presence on coverage teams; he has the type of body to play numerous roles on these teams. He was shelved for the final month of his collegiate career due to a knee injury, and will need to show he can recover adequately throughout the pre-draft process.	Gray is a powerful inside runner, and when he actually sees a hole he can hit it hard. He is good out of the backfield to make a play in the pass game as a check-down option. He could be a change-of-pace or third-down option at the next level, and is deceptive enough between the tackles to make yardage out of nothing. He could be a decent option to a team that has a poor offensive line, as a guy who could get 3-4 yards consistently despite not having much in front of him.
								Gray has started at times for Notre Dame but has never been able to claim the spot solely as his own. He is a straight-line runner who doesn't have much movement in his play and struggles laterally. He is not very instinctive and often times will hit a hole that leaves you wondering what he was seeing. He is not going to be able to get to the edge at the next level and will never be a space player; he is only serviceable as an inside runner and is very limited.
							
2012	Andrew Luck	2533031	QB	Stanford	Sans the late-rise of Heisman trophy winning QB Robert Griffin III, Luck likely would have been considered one of the most sure-thing prospects in the past decade. He is a prototypical pro-style quarterback who can make all the line calls, formation shifts, pass drops, and throws necessary to be successful at the next level. He will likely be the top pick overall and start immediately, and he possesses the intangibles to be a franchise stalwart for years to come.	Luck's intangibles are what set him apart from any other talented quarterback. As an athlete, he has all the traits of a franchise quarterback. He is tough, durable and willing to step into a throw with oncoming rushers breathing down his back. He has a deliberate set-up with no wasted motions and has really developed and showcased the ability to play from many different looks while at Stanford. He developed under the tutelage of both Jim Harbaugh and David Shaw, two coaches who know how to develop quarterbacks. Luck has the size to take a hit, and the athletic ability to get outside and make plays happen with his feet. Once on the move, he makes his second and third reads with ease. He has a very compact and quick release, and he is able to fire it out to the flats with ease off one-step drops in the short passing game. The most intriguing aspect of Luck's career was the amount of mistakes he made, a number which only continued to decrease throughout his career. He rarely forces a ball into tight coverage. He won't make any mistakes off the field, and rarely makes them on it. He is a strong, natural, competitive, athletic quarterback. 
								One would be hard-pressed to find negatives to Luck's game. There are no glaring weaknesses in his play, and while some could argue he isn't the athlete that RG3 is, that is simply not his game. He displays the athleticism necessary to excel as a pocket passer. There are times when Luck second-guessed passes and simply didn't see a breaking corner coming from another zone, such as the play that almost got Stanford beat towards the end of a high-energy USC game, but for the most part Luck works to identify and improve on his weaknesses.
							
2012	Trent Richardson	2533032	RB	Alabama	Richardson is a talented back who should garner a top-five pick in this year's draft, regardless of the idea the past few years that the shelf life and durability of running backs doesn't warrant the risk of a top pick. Richardson is durable enough to handle a season full of carries, and with the new CBA rules putting a ceiling on rookie salaries, it will be tough for teams to pass on such a talented, polished back that will be a franchise back for years to come.	Richardson is as compact and coiled an athlete that the running back position has seen since Adrian Peterson. Richardson is explosive, powerful and balanced, the three most shining traits that are evident when he ran the ball for Alabama. He is a heady and instinctual player who is patient enough to wait for blocks to develop within the scheme and quick enough to change course and cut backfield to daylight. Richardson has a strong core that he uses to break arm tackles and get physical leverage under would-be blockers or blitzers in pass protection. He is a true three-down back who can be effective on screens and out of the backfield catching the ball. Richardson is an ideal height, big enough to remain a force in the power run game, yet small enough to remain elusive and hide behind blocks.
								Richardson ran behind a very good, experienced offensive line at Alabama. Nick Saban has brought in so much talent, parlayed with a top-notch, NFL savvy coaching staff, that nearly every position has a top draftable athlete honing it. Mark Ingram won the Heisman a year ago as the best player on the best team, and to some Richardson could be an example of a smart, serviceable player running in a talented offense. Richardson will likely prove that he has the talent to make plays on his own, but much of his production were yards on plays in a good scheme with a seam and an opportunity to get to linebacker and safety level without much trouble. He may have more trouble getting to the perimeter at the next level and won't beat fast outside linebackers on angles alone. 
							
2012	Robert Griffin III	2533033	QB	Baylor	Many would argue that RG3 is not only the most physically gifted quarterback in the 2012 draft, but that he is the most talented player overall. His intangibles are making so many general managers swoon. Griffin, because of his athletic ability and Joe Montana-like ability to extend plays and remain focused on moving the ball downfield, not to mention his hurdling ability, stands to potentially be the better prospect when matching up physical traits with Luck. Nonetheless, RG3 likely will be a top-five pick and is so talented that teams with large investments in young quarterbacks, such as Sam Bradford in St. Louis, will have a tough time passing up on the opportunity to draft a potential game-changer.	RG3 is a talented quarterback who was built for the position. Although he is slightly undersized, his athletic ability lends well to him being able to be an NFL-type quarterback who can make plays with his feet, extend plays, make the deep throw, and lead a team down the field. He has some of the same natural talents that Cam Newton had in the 2011 draft, sans the size. Griffin overcomes a slight size deficiency by simply being so athletic that defenders rarely get a shot on him. As a hurdler (out of high school) it is apparent that RG3 is extremely explosive. He drops back with absolute ease. He is able to feel comfortable enough in the pocket to step into a throw in traffic, or reset outside the pocket. At this point, unlike Luck, he can also move the ball downfield with his feet. While many would argue that RG3 might be an athlete playing quarterback, his senior year reaffirmed that he is simply an athletic quarterback, a guy who can make all the smart throws first, and create later if necessary. 
								RG3 has a slight size deficiency and could have some durability issues if he is hit enough times. He anticipates plays so well and is able to react to a point where he should be able to avoid big hits, even at the pro-level. His junior year was a test to see how well he could recover from a torn ACL in his sophomore year, and he came back just as strong. Some might worry that he will look to run first at the next level, but this could easily be curbed through coaching and a good support system on the offense. He truly had one strong season in college, but playing in a talented Big 12 conference and winning the Heisman likely puts a rest to those concerns, as well.
							
2012	Lamar Miller	2533034	RB	Miami	Miller is an early-entry true junior from Miami who really surprised in 2011, his first year as a starter in Miami's offense. He had played sparingly in more of a scat back role prior to this year, but showed that he is a true starting tailback who possesses many traits of a first rounder. While there is debate about the risk behind investing an early round selection on a back whose shelf life is short, Miller has put together enough solid tape to garner a late first-round value and should continue to excite and ascend as he displays his athletic ability throughout the pre-draft process.	Miller has track speed and actually ran a few anchor legs for the Miami track team prior to his junior year. Once in the open field, he is a threat to take it the distance and is not only a straight-line, long-speed runner; Miller has even more impressive quickness off the snap and in tight areas to avoid and stay productive. He is very smooth and impressive off the snap as he gets to top speed quickly and is able to pick his spots at full speed in a very effective way. He hardly ever gets stuck in the backfield and is reliable to get positive yardage on each carry. He is a very efficient runner who has a natural feel for maneuvering his way through the box. 
								Miller has only one full season of tape and was rather ineffective as a runner prior to this year. He relies on speed and leg drive to gain yards. He won't be able to juke linebackers at the next level or bail himself out of bad spots with his feet. He runs like a power back at times, which could be a liability in the NFL at his size.
							
2012	David Wilson	2533035	RB	Virginia Tech	Wilson is an electrifying runner who opted to come out early after an incredible junior year where he was named ACC Player of the Year. He truly runs with his own style, and it's obvious that he has love for the game. He was one of very few limited prospects who played for Team USA prior to enrolling in college, dominating the tournament and displaying elite athletic ability. He is a high risk-high reward player who loves to reverse field on the entire defense. He is a decorated track star who shows obvious explosion every time he touches the ball. 	Wilson is extremely explosive and quick-twitched off the snap. He can accelerate to top speed quickly and neutralizes the negative effects of his small frame by lowering his pad level into hits. He is so explosive and generates such movement with his leg drive that he is capable of running over linebackers but prefers to use his agility to make guys miss in space. Wilson is just as electric working as a receiver out of the backfield or in the slot, and its likely he could be used in a variety of alignments early on in his NFL career.
								Wilson relied heavily on his athletic ability in college and runs with a very unconventional style that could get him in trouble at the next level against top athletes. He will allow his pad level to get high when changing directions downfield, and he will get caught off guard with that style at the next level. He isn't content enough with a 2-to-3-yard gain and will revert cross-field to try and make a play out of nothing, another habit that simply won't end well in most cases in the NFL. He needs to be more patient to let the plays and blocks come to him and play within a scheme, rather than try to make everything happen on his own each time he gets the ball.
							
2012	LaMichael James	2533036	RB	Oregon	James had a decorated career at Oregon and started all but two games after redshirting in 2007. An invitee to the Heisman Trophy presentation the past two years, James has been the most electric and productive player on a very impressive Oregon offense. He was an ideal fit for the unique zone blocking scheme run by Chip Kelly in Eugene and has shown many traits that are transferable to potential success in the NFL. Teams could get hung up on his size and question if he was the beneficiary of simply being the centerpiece of a highly productive spread-option offense, but hw has shown quality traits on a consistent basis.	James is a quick and decisive back who looks like his motive is to be productive each time the ball touches his hands. He can get to full speed quickly off the snap and doesn't hesitate when hitting the line of scrimmage. He is capable of making splash plays out of nothing and possesses the uncanny ability to turn broken plays into positive ones. He is a better runner between the tackles than his frame would suggest, as he uses a quick shuffle to avoid trash or get up and into an open lane. Once through the line, he can make things happen on his own downfield, and routinely had runs of 20-plus yards at Oregon. He is a consummate threat to score, and has the foot quickness and breakout speed to get the edge and turn up field at the next level. 
								James had fumbling issues throughout his career that weren't helped by a dislocated elbow midway through his junior season. He looks conscious of keeping the ball high and tight to his frame, and he has very good all-around strength, but he doesn't have the arm strength to secure the ball when big hits are put on him. He is a willing and technical blocker in pass protection but simply doesn't have the bulk or anchor to be successful here early at the next level. 
							
2012	Chris Polk	2533037	RB	Washington	Polk has been rising quickly on the boards of many NFL teams over the past year after really standing out as an impact running back and future NFL starter in his senior year. After an injury ended his freshman year two games in, Polk never sought a medical redshirt and enters this year's draft without attempting to attain a fifth year. It likely will be a logical move, considering Polk rushed for nearly 1500 yards in his last year and displayed many highly sought-after traits for a running back in the NFL.	Polk has ideal size to carry the load for an NFL team as a starter. He is well put together and looks to the naked eye to be more of a compact, agile athlete than he does a power back. Polk is an all-around player who doesn't necessarily excel in one specific aspect of his game but does many things at a high level and is capable of playing within a variety of schemes. He is quick off the ball and a natural runner between the tackles. He prefers to kick it outside and gain an edge on the defense to utilize his speed, but he can be productive inside and is a heavy runner who is tough to bring down. Polk is patient and has smooth footwork to be able to throttle down his speed and wait on blockers and plays to develop. 
								Polk displayed elite ability only in his last year at Washington and was a slow developer up to that point. He is a decent blocker in pass protection but can struggle with his technique at times. He has the anchor and thigh strength to leverage under bigger rushers, but he still needs to work on squaring up defenders as a blocker instead of chipping them as they run by. Polk doesn't have elite speed in the open field to run away from defensive backs, and although he is explosive in short area movements he won't be able to accelerate past safeties who have an angle on him in pursuit downfield.
							
2012	Justin Blackmon	2533038	WR	Oklahoma St.	Blackmon is an early-out junior who enjoyed a storied and productive career at Oklahoma State. The two time Biletnikoff Award winner as the nation's top receiver filled the role of WR1 nicely after Dez Bryant left for the NFL. Blackmon has proven to be as athletic as Bryant and even more productive. He has elite ability to contribute early in the NFL and should be selected within the top 15 picks and start immediately.	Blackmon has a nice frame and actually seems taller than he is. He possesses elite jumping ability and can be a jump-ball, red zone threat despite being barely over 6 feet. He has Anquan Boldin-type ability running drive and underneath routes, and can excel from any spot on the field. He would be a severe mismatch working out of the slot, something he did occasionally at OSU. Blackmon is extremely polished in his technique in-phase, and he has an incredible ability to vary his speed to keep defenders off balance. He is slow off the line but is able to release with ease by utilizing both his strength and jab steps. Blackmon is a natural receiver who understands how to read coverages and sit down in zones. He is a very aggressive catcher who literally attacks the ball when it is within his large catching radius, and he has the ability to use his frame to box out defenders. Blackmon can naturally adjust to poorly thrown balls on the run and can bail quarterbacks out of poorly thrown balls.
								Blackmon is not as quick off the ball as his athletic ability would suggest. He has good top-end speed and acceleration in the open field, but struggles to burst enough in short areas to separate. He has such an elongated stride as a runner that he has difficulties running sharp routes. Much of his production comes from being a playmaker at the point of the catch and afterwards; he doesn't get himself open through route running. As a blocker, he is an all-or-nothing type who can't recover once whiffing on a block. He will need a lot of work on his technique in this area. Blackmon's stride could stand to be his biggest problem at the next level, as it could be difficult to get open against premier athletes with the amount of gathering and stuttering it takes in his footwork to change directions.
							
2012	Alshon Jeffery	2533039	WR	South Carolina	Jeffery enjoyed a highly productive sophomore and junior year at South Carolina where he was a first-team All-America selection and averaged over a touchdown a game. He is an explosive jumper with an impressive frame and has the ability to be an immediate red zone threat in the NFL. He is a long strider who is methodical in his route running but possesses just average speed. He relies on technicality and variations in his speed to keep receivers off balance. 	Jeffery is a lanky prospect who uses his size well to make plays on the ball downfield. He has a massive pair of hands to go with his long arms and is an elite receiver once the ball is in the air. He has the anticipation and jumping ability to high point the ball over nearly any corner he faces. Off the line of scrimmage, he is non-explosive but uses his hands and a subtle jab step to keep defenders at bay. He is good to work into his route and get back on top of his defender after beating a jam. He has a natural feel for turning to catch the ball in-phase and will be a prime candidate for back shoulder fades in the red zone after setting them up. 
								Jeffery is indeed an elite jump-ball prospect, but his value will be heavily determined by a simple 40 time, as he does not stand out as fast on tape and is such a long strider that he at times looks to be moving in slow motion. Speed will never be his game, but he needs to become more comfortable in his routes to work the corner and truly gain separation. The development of his route running skills will be the key to his success. Jeffery was bit uncoordinated early on in his career and seemingly only began to look comfortable in his body towards the end of his collegiate career.
							
2012	Mohamed Sanu	2533040	WR	Rutgers	Sanu came in as a heralded recruit and was the first freshman to start a season opener at any position in the Greg Schiano era at Rutgers. Sanu missed only one start in his career and has continued to develop significantly each year. He has good size and is capable of making a lot of plays within a West Coast offense. He is a player who can separate well and excels in the short to intermediate passing game, an ideal receiver for a timing-based, pass-often offense. He is a polished all-around player.	Sanu is excellent when working drive routes and being tasked with working across the field to read coverages and sit down in the holes of zones. He is a natural at shielding himself from defenders and giving the quarterback a clear throwing lane. He is a reliable hands catcher who is very technical at the top of his routes and when competing with corners to give himself just enough space to secure the catch. Sanu is a throwback receiver who sees only the ball when going across the middle. He is fearless in all aspects of his game. 
								Sanu is virtually non-existent in the deep passing game. He is slow off the line of scrimmage and doesn?t have the speed to get behind NFL corners. He can get lazy in and out of his breaks downfield, and he almost loses interest in competing once the route gets deeper than 7 to 10 yards. He is not an explosive athlete with the ball in his hands and simply gets what he can after the catch.
							
2012	Jonathan Martin	2533041	OT	Stanford	Jonathan is one of two tackle prospects in this year's class that could be considered elite, and given the value of the position will be a likely first-round pick because of it. He embodied all that Stanford football was throughout his time there, as he is an aggressive, smart, technically sound prospect who will enter the league at a stage in his development where he should be able to contribute immediately. 	Martin has prototypical starting skills for the tackle position. He missed just two games in his career and is extremely tough. He carries his weight well and is one of the most technically sound prospects in the draft. He has a smooth, efficient pass set that allows him to get a solid base and work from a balanced state. He is powerful and aggressive against the run and a very good foot athlete at his size. Martin was the anchor of a very polished offensive line and is simply an NFL-ready tackle who possesses all the traits.
								Martin has a tendency to pop upright on contact and get slightly off balance, usually when slanting in the run game. He isn't a real powerful or violent puncher, and at times his punches will slow his feet and he can get caught off guard. He isn't a quick-twitched mover off the snap and could have some issues against the league's best speed rushers. 
							
2012	Riley Reiff	2533042	OT	Iowa	Reiff is an impressive tackle prospect who declared for the draft after three years of starting every game for Iowa following a redshirt year where he was actually on the defensive side of the ball. He started every game in his career and was very durable considering how heavily Iowa relied on its run game. He is a smart football player who should be able to adapt to the NFL speed and playbooks with ease. Given that he plays at a position with such value, it's unlikely that Reiff will last past the first round of the draft.	Reiff is a big body who uses his frame well in pass protection. He is powerful blocker who is good to roll his hips into his man to tap into his power and explosion. He is fluid to get out into space and seal the edge or work up to linebacker level. In pass protection he keeps his weight even to have a good anchor and stall bull rushers. Riley has incredible body control and is a true technician working within the box. He uses his hands well but is more of a catcher, a method that has served him well to this point. He has been durable, reliable and nasty on the field for Iowa, and has the flexibility to play on both sides of the line given his fluid footwork.
								Reiff was a very polished player at Iowa who didn't show many weaknesses. He is not the strongest prospect at the position, as he is more of a catch blocker in pass protection and won't have the ability to decleat any ends in the NFL. If any type of foe will give him issues at the next level, it could be heavy 3-4 defensive ends who could out-leverage him and blow him back.
							
2012	David DeCastro	2533043	G	Stanford	Decastro is an extremely polished guard out of Stanford who started for three consecutive years after a redshirt freshman year. While he is considered an early-entry junior, he spent four years at Stanford and has already graduated. He is a disciplined and NFL-ready player who likely will demand a starting spot immediately through his play. He could be one of the highest draft picks at the guard position in recent years, and he could easily go in the top 10.	Decastro is a technician on the field and is beautiful to watch for those who respect offensive line play. He is very quick off the ball to get into his block. Decastro is able to shuffle nicely to avoid trash when pulling or down blocking and, once engaged, is very strong to his ground. He demonstrates a good snap upon contact with defenders and is usually the one providing the drive-back pressure on his man. Once locked on his man, he can drive and maneuver them at will using his very strong upper body. Decastro is extremely controlled in his movements, and he has body control and overall balance that is rare for a man his size. Decastro is very athletic on the move and can key in and adjust on his moving target well. It's nearly impossible to find many weak points in Decastro's play throughout college, and he could easily be the best lineman on his team as a rookie.
								Decastro is inconsistent when finishing run blocks downfield in terms of keeping his hands engaged on his man. There were times in 2011 when he would fall off his blocks at times -- although never an effort issue, there are some slight hitches in his bending and footwork as he is engaged in contact and moving downfield that cause him to fall off slightly. He is not a very violent puncher with his hands but doesn't necessarily need to be being the technician that he is.
							
2012	Brandon Washington	2533044	OG	Miami	Washington was part of a mass exodus of juniors at Miami who declared for the draft early, although he has had four years playing experience since high school after a year in prep school at Milford Academy. He was a consistent, durable starter on the line for Miami in his last two years and didn't miss a game. He held down the left tackle position on a team with very talented tackles in their stable. He may need time to develop into a starter, but he has fourth- or fifth-round value. Teams who are willing to let him develop slowly could find value in him as a guy who could be a starter at right tackle down the line.	Washington is a big man who carries a lot of weight in his upper body to be an effective positional blocker. He excels as a down blocker on run plays and is comfortable working within a zone scheme to pass off and pick up stunting defensive linemen. He has very good feet for his size, which he showcases when working upfield as a puller. He is an explosive hitter who can uncoil on his man and generate a lot of movement. Washington looks as if he shoots out of his stance at times into his man and would have no problems playing in an up-tempo, no-huddle offense.
								Washington struggled at times in 2011 in his pass set, where he showed inconsistent footwork and had difficulties getting a good base to anchor himself. He is not very strong in his hands and has difficulties engaging with his man for extended periods of time; he could have trouble blocking within a traditional offense that demands extended protection. His technique will need a lot of work so that he isn't a victim of wasted movements and balance issues.
							
2012	Peter Konz	2533045	C	Wisconsin	Konz is the premier center in this year's draft, and his selection will likely be solely based off team needs towards the end of the first round. He has a massive frame for the center position but has impressive knee bend, which allows him to play the position effectively. He made all the calls at the line and was the centerpiece of a dominant Wisconsin line loaded with NFL size and talent.	Konz looks natural sitting in his stance and swiveling his head to make all the line calls, which is impressive given his uncommon height. He is a smooth athlete who has demonstrated the ability to uncoil his hips into defenders and blow them back to create quick holes in the run game. Konz is a smart player who picks up stunts well and uses his strength and anchor to sit and stall any oncoming bull rushers. He is comfortable to work in fluid motion with his guards when pulling and sealing. He has all the tools to be an elite center for years to come.
								Even though Konz has good flexibility, defenders will be able to out-leverage him at the point given his size. He can get stunned by quick bull rushes at the point and has a difficult time resetting his feet afterwards. While he is an effective short-area mover he looks limited and rigid when moving in space or downfield.
							
2012	Dwayne Allen	2533046	TE	Clemson	Allen was a two year starter at tight end for Clemson where he won the Mackey award as the nations top TE before declaring early for the draft. He was a first-team All-ACC selection and has great size for the position and even better speed. He is a polished and accomplished route runner who understands how to play the position and will be an immediate threat at the next level. He is a more classic, line-attached tight end who can work upfield out of a three point stance without having to rely on aligning in the slot. He has a rare combination of size, speed, athleticism, and overall understanding of the intricacies of the position. 	Allen is an extremely flexible mover who works in and out of a two-point stance with ease. He has the strength and body control to avoid jams at the line of scrimmage and is good to fight through and stack back on top of his defender and get into his route. He can drop his weight in and out of breaks and is a very smooth runner for a man his size. He is quick to turn his head and locate the ball and uses his body well to shield off defenders downfield. Allen is an explosive athlete who can separate form linebackers and safeties alike. He is natural as a short area receiver and could be a go-to option early on to move the chains. 
								Allen labors at times off the ball when blocking in the run game and has a bit of an unorthodox stance when trying to block. He is simply not the caliber of blocker that he is receiver, but he is above average there. It's difficult to find many weaknesses in Allen's game based off the junior year he put together.
							
2012	Orson Charles	2533047	TE	Georgia	Charles is a big, athletic and flexible tight end in the mold of some ends that have found success being mismatches of late in the NFL. He has decent size for the position and runs pretty well. He started 95 percent of his games the last two years and had over 500 yards receiving as a junior. He is capable of blocking on the line immediately and is a very reliable short-yardage pass-catcher. If he can put on a little bit more size to increase the effectiveness of a mismatch running against linebackers in the short game, it's likely he could be drafted as early as the third round.	Charles is an athletic mover, especially when triggering off the line of scrimmage. He has good power to fight off hand jabs at the line of scrimmage and is very savvy to get back into the path of his route quickly off the line. He uses his body well underneath to shield himself from defenders when working zones and is a very reliable hands catcher who could handle being a go-to option on third downs at the next level. Charles is still developing as a blocker but has all the physical traits to be successful at the next level, as he is strong and has a well put-together frame. He stood out as a very competitive player who will likely work hard to hone his skills.
								Charles is a very straight-line route runner who could have issues separating from defenders at the next level who are savvy to diagnose his routes. He looks unaware in-phase and is far from a point of control in his game where he can set up defenders to lean on them or get them off balanced. He is a flat-footed runner and has trouble sticking his foot in the ground or bending to break quickly in his routes. He has decent wiggle and speed after the catch but isn't much of a threat deep and was utilized mostly in the short passing game at Georgia. The way he beat defenders in college, through size and power, will be much more difficult at the next level.
							
2012	Nick Perry	2533048	DE	USC	Nick Perry was a top defensive end recruit out of Detroit that Pete Carroll was able to cherry-pick to USC, and his impact playing the "elephant" position within Caroll's defense as a freshman will encourage many teams to consider drafting him as an outside linebacker in a 3-4 scheme. As a sophomore and junior he continued to develop into an elite pass rushing prospect, and has the size and athletic ability to be successful working against NFL tackles at the next level. He is a physically put together athlete with a good motor and extremely uncommon balance, and has late first round value.	Perry has a very strong base and balance that helps him work against tackles and keep momentum towards the backfield regardless of his initial move. He is reminiscent of current Pittsburgh OLB's Harrison and Woodley, players who can set the edge with a strong, powerful base and are capable of winning using a direct bull rush. Perry plays with good leverage in all that he does and has surprising athleticism for his size. He has a good burst off the ball and a natural feel for disrupting plays. He chases laterally down the line well and is a sound tackler when he reaches the ball. He can beat tackles with power or quick gap penetration, and has developed his hands and spin moves over time. He has fluid hips and feet in the open field and looks capable of playing from a two point stance in an outside position. He will be reliable even as a rookie to set the edge and defend the run with strength. 
								Perry can get tied up on double teams often and have trouble when working against lineman in a tight area. This would bode well for a move to outside backer, where he can rush with more space and better set up his pass rush moves. He is projected by many to move to OLB in the NFL, and it remains to be seen if Perry can cover and move well in space to the flats, as he wasn't asked to do it often at USC. Perry is a thick player but still a bit of a positional tweener, and doesn't quite have the strength of most defenders his size. He could have trouble against the bigger, stronger offensive tackles in the NFL who can neutralize his leverage and power.
							
2012	Whitney Mercilus	2533049	DE	Illinois	Whitney is an early entry junior who red-shirted as a freshman and started only one year in 2011 at Illinois. He played the weakside end at Illinois and would be best served there in a 4-3 defense in the NFL. He has third-round value but could ascend if he times well in pre-draft workouts and continues to show his athletic ability.	Whitney is a fast, athletic defensive end who is quick off the snap and has a good burst to close on the quarterback. He is a situational rusher who excels against the run and brings the versatility to run to the flats at his size. Whitney is able to quickly get off the snap and engage into his man's frame. He excels in pursuit down the line of scrimmage and is a high motor player. He attacks the line of scrimmage with a vengeance and employs a number of pass-rush moves; he can win at the next level with his speed rush. 
								Whitney's feet are slowed by his instincts as he oftentimes gets caught looking into the backfield and hesitates when diagnosing the run. He can get occupied by bigger, stronger blockers and tends to shut it down completely in these looks. He is more quick than explosive. He is a drag-down tackler who relies on his body weight and is inconsistent in his wrap-up form.
							
2012	Michael Brockers	2533050	DT	LSU	Brockers is an elite athlete who has been gaining a lot of steam on draft boards in recent months after declaring for the draft after his redshirt sophomore year. He came to Baton Rouge as a thick linebacker prospect before putting on good weight and moving to the line and eventually inside to DT. He has positional versatility and could even be attractive to 3-4 teams as a defensive end, as he is athletic enough to work from the edge in a scheme that seeks bigger DEs to maintain blockers and keep linebackers free. He has more value as a 3 tech DT within a 4-3 defense and will have an immediate impact on the line as a rookie.	Brockers has a massive frame and likely has the ability to fluctuate his weight to play a number of different roles depending on the scheme. Working from the inside, he is very good to work off double teams and demands them consistently. He excels against the run and could shore up the middle of a defense from the second he walks onto a field in camp. He has thick, powerful legs and out-leveraged nearly every linemen he faced in the SEC. Brockers has very long arms that he uses to play extended and work off his block towards the ball. He uses his instincts well from this position to sniff out plays and has the uncanny ability to diagnose screens and draw plays.
								Brockers has started for only one full year and is still developing many of his skills. He has poor technique as a pass rusher and relies heavily on his natural ability in many phases of his game. He tends to stand upright when not immediately diagnosing a play and loses a lot of his power when doing so. Brockers is slow to use his hands to defend against jolt blocks and exposes his frame on most plays. He is a raw prospect who has developed physically at a rapid pace and is still getting a feel for his body.
							
2012	Fletcher Cox	2533051	DT	Mississippi St.	Cox is an early-entry junior who was a 2 1/2-year starter at DT for Mississippi State. He is a raw athlete who has room to develop and likely will pull value from that, considering he has an impressive frame and is one of the more talented athletes at the position in the country. He relies heavily on his natural ability to make splash plays and has a major upside.	Cox is an impressive athlete who is capable of making big, impactful plays from the interior of the defensive line. He is extremely quick off the ball and can get into the backfield as quickly as any tackle prospect in the country. He has a high motor and pursues down the line of scrimmage with aggression. He can snap his hips into the offensive line to get a blow-back effect and is equally as fluid to dip and rip his hips around would-be tacklers and get into the backfield. Cox has very active hands that he uses efficiently to keep blockers off him. He is a serious athlete at the position who would immediately bolster the front of any defense and would work well in a rotation to be a fresh, impact player on passing downs. 
								Cox allows himself to get completely washed away when faced with a double team, an example of the raw nature of his play. He tries to rely too heavily upon his athletic ability when working against the run and doesn't think to set an anchor and remain a presence and gap-filler within the scheme he plays in. Fletcher could be a high risk-high reward player as a rookie.
							
2012	Jerel Worthy	2533052	DT	Michigan St.	Worthy is an extremely thick, tightly built defensive tackle who displayed a ton of power throughout his career at Michigan State. He chose to forgo his senior year and looks prepared to be an immediate rotational player on the front of a 4-3 scheme. He is capable of playing the nose if necessary, but has the athleticism to be a sub-package 3-technique rusher.	Worthy is very thick and powerful throughout his upper body and has thigh power that can blow back interior lineman off the snap. He has a surprising burst for a player his size and is capable of knifing and slanting the line and getting into the backfield almost instantaneously. He is a pad-level and leverage-savvy player who understands how to win with a first step and bull rush alike. 
								Worthy gets upright off the snap and really has trouble working his pass rush moves or moving his feet if he doesn't win with a burst or quickness off the snap. He struggles in space and has a difficult time breaking down his weight to attempt to fit on a ball carrier. He can get neutralized at times by double teams not out of strength or talent, but because of effort and breakdown of technique.
							
2012	Ronnell Lewis	2533054	OLB	Oklahoma	Lewis is an early-entry junior who will likely be moved back to his more natural position of outside linebacker in the NFL. He played the defensive end position his last two years at Oklahoma after coming in as a linebacker, and his frame bodes well for a move. He was a productive player for the Sooners who could even make the extreme jump from end to outside linebacker in a 4-3 scheme, considering that rushing the passer is not a key asset in his arsenal. He has fourth- or fifth-round value and should make early contributions on special teams.	Lewis is a strong player against the run and can hold the edge well despite often giving up 50 pounds to tackles. He has strong arms to shed blocks and is very good defending the run; Lewis can engage, read, shed and move towards the ball with ease and has a burst to get to the ball. He has the speed to run down ball carriers to the outside and is a good striker once he gets to the ball. He is a tireless pass rusher who relies more on will than he does technique. He is active in the box and has some positional versatility.
								Lewis can hesitate at times when reacting to the pass and will struggle early working in a zone coverage due to poor recognition and hips. He did not get many opportunities at Oklahoma to cover downfield -- he was tasked more with mauling at the line than he was dropping back. He has decent flexibility but struggles to reset his weight after dropping into the flats, and doesn't have the footwork to gather himself when covering running backs. He is a slow-twitched athlete who could struggle working against more explosive players in the NFL.
							
2012	Terrell Manning	2533055	OLB	N.C. State	Manning chose to forgo his senior year at NC State after two years as a consistent starter and a redshirt season in 2007. He has had some knee injuries in his career that have limited him at times, but he has been durable enough to not miss significant game time. He has prototypical size for the will position in a 4-3 defense, and has displayed the pass rushing skills to potentially put on weight and work that position in a 3-4 scheme. He is a run-first defender and has some slight issues in coverage, so it's likely 3-4 defenses could find more value in his skills as an edge-setter and rusher. He has the carries fourth-round value because of his competitiveness, demeanor and skill set to be a special teams contributor.	Manning reads and works off the movements of offensive linemen well. He excels as a run defender where he has the strength hold his ground at the point of attack and keep plays inside of him, or re-work back out to run down ball carriers. He takes on blocks well and shows obvious strength when shedding them. He is aware of his size and keeps himself clean of blocks consistently, and is a physical player who can maul tight ends when aligned over them to disrupt their timing. He has a good short area burst to close on the ball and displays the body control to keep his feet churning when working through bigger linemen. He is productive in the backfield, with four sacks and 12 tackles for loss in 2011.
								Manning has a decent frame but could have trouble getting the same type of production as an edge rusher at 230 pounds in the NFL. He doesn't show the same burst when chasing down runs to the outside that he does in short areas in the backfield, and he will have trouble keeping faster runners inside. He is only average in both zone and man coverage, and he often looks stiff in his hips.
							
2012	Luke Kuechly	2533056	ILB	Boston College	Kuechly had one of the most productive careers, in terms of tackles, in recent memory for a collegiate linebacker. Kuechly blew away the competition as the top tackler in the nation with a jaw-dropping 191 total. Many knock that most of his plays were downfield tackles and not "influential" enough, but 12 tackles for loss is a testament to his overall ability and instincts to get in the backfield and disrupt plays. He is more of an athlete than given credit for and has simply been a machine throughout his college career. Kuechly has all the tools to be an immediate starter in the NFL and shore up the middle of an entire defense.	Kuechly is one of the most instinctual and technically sound linebackers to enter the draft in years, and he had the tackle production throughout his career to back it up. He is able to avoid trash at his knees and is elite when it comes to shedding blockers and keeping himself free to the ball. He is excellent working over the top of tight ends to maul and delay their release, and is capable of running with them in-phase down the field. He has the sudden burst and long speed to cover a very wide range against the run and is an extremely sure-handed tackler who can bring ball carriers down a number of different ways. 
								The major knock on Kuechly is that he had a lot of  "inflated" tackle production throughout his career, the idea being that he is indeed a superb tackler but most of those tackles came 5 to 8 yards downfield in pursuit. He didn't get up into the line of scrimmage to make powerful, impactful plays much, and won't be relied upon as a pass rusher at the next level and is strictly a tackling, sideline-to-sideline backer.
							
2012	Dont'a Hightower	2533057	ILB	Alabama	Alabama has developed some impressive running backs and inside linebackers in the past couple years, and Hightower is a shining example of the type of NFL-ready players in the stable that allows them to be so successful at the collegiate level. Hightower has looked the part of a starting Mike linebacker in the NFL for two years, and as an early-entry junior he has a bright future. If he can keep his weight steady and play at a fast speed, Hightower can do many of the same things that Oakland's Rolando McClain or New England's Brandon Spikes did working as the physical inside presence of a defense. Hightower could be a better fit within a 3-4 scheme, as he has the size to shed big offensive linemen who would work free to block him in the run game. 	Hightower is lengthy and imposing lining up in the middle of a defense. He has long arms that he uses effectively to fight off blockers, dip and push to avoid trash at his feet, and keep balls close to him. He is not the most athletic mover in space, but he uses his arms to tie up receivers within his zone and hand fight tight ends off the ball. He is technically sound, although his style of play looks effortless. There are not many wasted motions in his movements, and he takes good angles to the ball when working both sides of the field. Although Hightower doesn't quite possess the speed to be a true sideline-to-sideline inside backer or be the sole tackler in the middle of a 3-4 defense, he uses his instincts well and remains in position. 
								Hightower has a big frame and can labor at times to move in extended spaces on the field. He excels within the box but likely won't run down many scat backs at the next level. He is good to defend the pass in zone but struggles to maintain coverage in man after trying to disrupt at the line. Hightower struggles to flip his hips in man looks, and there are times when he has to change direction unexpectedly. He isn't heavy-footed, but he pursues the ball with a lot of momentum and can overshoot plays at times. 
							
2012	Vontaze Burfict	2533058	ILB	Arizona State	Burflict had a fairly inconsistent career at Arizona State, where he was the Pac-10 Defensive Freshman of the Year, went on to be the consensus top linebacker in the country as a sophomore, and then really fell off as a Junior, much like the entire ASU program. A final season of turmoil, weight issues, discipline issues, and general friction between Burflict and his coaches doesn't leave him in the most favorable position entering the draft, but talent alone should be enough for Burflict to be picked early. 	Burflict has been a fierce, punishing competitor throughout his career. He is capable of providing a serious physical presence, and likely an upgrade, to the middle of any defense in the NFL. When he is in shape, Burflict can fly from sideline to sideline and cover tight ends well sufficiently in the pass game. He really excels as a pass rusher and inside tackler, where he can meet nearly any RB in the hole and provide a punishing blow that sends the ball carrier backwards. He is savvy and plays instinctually, and he is able to read blocks well to get to the ball. In the right scheme with a support staff in place, Burflict has the capability to be a leading tackler in the NFL. 
								You would be hard-pressed to find a player whose on-field discipline issues had such a negative effect on draft status as Burflict's have affected him this year. He is capable of being the physical inside presence for an NFL defense, but not many coaches are going to have the patience to deal with personal foul penalties like the coaches did at ASU where, frankly, Burflict was the only option inside. He has put on weight within the last year that has really slowed him down, and while that size has boded well for players like Brandon Spikes of New England, it has really inhibited Burflict's athleticism and ability to get sideline to sideline. 
							
2012	Morris Claiborne	2533059	CB	LSU	The Jim Thorpe award winner as the country's premier defensive back as a junior opted to forgo his senior year to enter the draft after displaying elite ability during the 2011 season. He is huge for the position and has track speed. A very explosive athlete, Claiborne should easily pressure for a starting role early on in training camp. He covered top talent in the SEC and is as polished as corners come in this year's draft. He has first-round value and shouldn't last long.	Claiborne is an aggressive cover man who likes to use his tall frame and long arms to get up in the face of receivers and shock them at the line of scrimmage to disrupt timing. When he punches, he doesn't just get his hands there, he makes his presence felt. He can run with his back to the ball at the receiver's hip using a press/bail technique and looks natural running with his man in-phase while still keeping an eye towards the ball. Claiborne is such a gifted athlete with uncommon body control that he runs with his man fluidly up and down the field while still keeping the wherewithal to break off at any time and get involved in plays coming across him. As a zone defender, he is simply an explosive athlete with length and can keep plays in front of him and react quick enough to meet the man at the ball. He is physical in run support and will have no problem coming up to tackle from the edge. 
								Claiborne is such a gifted athlete that he can often times get lazy in his technique. Working in off-man coverage, he has a tendency to get his pad level high in his back pedal and delude the explosiveness that makes him so effective out of his breaks.
							
2012	Dre Kirkpatrick	2533060	CB	Alabama	Kirkpatrick is an early-entry junior who started for three years since stepping on campus in Alabama. He is a very lengthy corner, who will come into the league as one of the tallest alongside the Seahawks' Richard Sherman and Brandon Browning. These two players, coincidentally, showed why teams may want to develop Kirkpatrick as a corner at the next level, as they have found success at the position and been valuable by being able to cover the league's tall receivers in the red zone. Kirkpatrick could also be moved and developed at safety, where some teams might see his length and ability to play in zone more transferable, and he wouldn't be a tackling liability despite his thin frame.	Athletes like Kirkpatrick are able to defy the perception that taller skill players don't have the footwork and agility that shorter players do. Kirkpatrick will thrive initially within a zone scheme, where he can use his burst and length to cover ground and remain active in plays. He is so talented athletically that he could likely be tested early on an island in man coverage and excel, and he possesses the confidence and field presence necessary to take on such a task.
								Kirkpatrick has issues that surround all aspects of his prospects and overall value as he enters the draft. He is very thin and some will question his ability to play physically at the next level. Although technically not a tweener, as he has always played and been advertised as a cornerback, his size and athletic ability could encourage a transition to the safety position. It remains to be seen if Kirkpatrick can add weight to compete at that position after three years at Alabama where his physical development was minimal. 
							
2012	Jayron Hosley	2533061	CB	Virginia Tech	Hosley is an early-entry junior who was statistically a very productive corner for Virginia Tech throughout his career. He is undersized but plays with tenacity and a sense of urgency when around the ball. Hosley is an extremely scrappy player who finds a way to make an impact from the boundary corner position. He could be a late riser in the draft and needs to prove that he can add weight to his frame to compete with NFL size, but he has late first-round value and should find playing time in nickel packages right away.	Hosley is an excellent zone corner who has a ton of range and play-making ability around the ball. He has good field awareness to sniff out receiver screens and is a quick reactor when the ball is thrown. He is consistently involved in the play and has good length to disengage receivers from the ball. Hosley is deceptive as a hitter and can deliver a serious blow for such a small frame. He has an impressive bubble and is a very bouncy athlete who can change directions on a dime. He is capable of smothering at the line using his hands and technique, and is good to stay in receivers' hip in-phase. He is a scrappy player who employs an unconventional shuffle step off the ball and technique in general, but he finds a way to make impact plays.
								Hosley is very thin and could get abused by the bigger, more physical Larry Fitzgeralds of the league. He has unconventional footwork that could get him in trouble against quicker athletes. He can get lost at times when working with his back towards the ball and needs to be placed within the right scheme to be an effective player.
							
2012	Stephon Gilmore	2533062	CB	South Carolina	Gilmore is a dynamic athlete who made a lot of plays at corner for South Carolina. He has the skill set to move to safety but is talented enough to challenge for a starting role at the corner position as a rookie. He is a football player who makes big plays and was among the SEC's finest athletes.	Gilmore has impressive footwork for his size which he uses well in a shuffle-shuffle-bail technique at the line of scrimmage. Although this isn't considered the most efficient technique, Gilmore makes it work, which allows him to use his huge frame to mirror and cut off receivers early in their route. He is a natural cover man who can jam at the line and stay with a receiver in his hip and use his strength and length to make plays on the ball and finish plays. 
								Gilmore loses a lot of his fluidity when working in zone or off-man, and his eyes slow his feet in that he doesn't diagnose routes as quickly and will get his feet stuck in the ground prior to breaking. Gilmore was able to rely on size, strength and athleticism to cover in college and will get exposed by the veteran technically sound receivers in the league. He will struggle when forced to work within specific schemes that don't allow him to play freely.
							
2012	Matt Kalil	2533131	OT	USC	Kalil is the undisputed top tackle prospect in this year's draft after two successful years starting on the left side for USC. He is an early-entry junior who redshirted his first year at USC and has been a reliable blind side protector for Matt Barkley. He has all the physical tools to achieve success at the next level and has continued to develop his game technically throughout his career. Kalil has an NFL pedigree, as his dad was a former semi-professional player and his older brother, Ryan, is a consistent Pro Bowl center for the Carolina Panthers. Matt should be the first lineman off the board and could easily be a top-five pick come April to immediately hold down the starting left tackle position for an NFL team.	Kalil is tall and has an impressive frame that he carries well. He is equally thick and strong from his upper body down through his thighs, and he has thin calves and ankles that lend well to him being a light-footed mover. He explodes off the ball every snap and gets to his destination point with ease. In the run game, he can provide a punishing first blow to keep his man off balance, and is very comfortable getting to the second level to fit on backers. He has a very technically sound kick step in pass protection and slides very smoothly. He is NFL-ready in terms of using his hands and has the ability to de-cleat defensive ends.
								There are some concerns surrounding Kalil's ability to anchor and stall bull rushers, given his tendency to play upright. There were few examples of his anchor actually being an issue in college, but the limited level of knee bend he plays with could stand to be a concern. He rarely snaps his hips through when blocking in the run game and is more of a mirror/positional blocker. He could have to work on his knee bend and flexibility to take on the more explosive ends in the NFL.
							
2012	Darius Hanks	2533331	WR	Alabama	Hanks often played second fiddle to late-round prospect Marquis Maze throughout his time at Alabama, but there were many characteristics displayed by Hanks that could make him the better all-around pro. First off, he has the size. He has the hands to compete and start at the next level, and he runs good routes to get himself open and create plays for himself. He is a smooth mover who looks like a natural receiver. He came into his own as a redshirt sophomore, where he started half of the games and went on to start 95 percent of the rest of his career. He suffered a shoulder injury as a freshman and had some durability concerns throughout his career, but the natural feel of his game and his experience playing at a high level make him a late-round value to a team hoping he can learn to play special teams as well.	Hanks is a smooth mover who looks natural when working off the line of scrimmage and into his route. He isn't physical to get off the line and can get jammed at times, but he has shown the ability to stem his routes, get defenders off balance, and then work back in-phase. Hanks has outstanding hands and catches nearly ever ball thrown his way. He can separate from defenders at the top of his routes and is a speed-cut guy who likes to get corners off balance before quickly breaking away from them. He is good to get to full speed and catch a ball in front of him, or throttle down enough to torque his body and make the difficult catch. 
								Hanks is not an explosive or physical receiver. He has good speed but doesn't move quickly in short areas, as he often isn't quick enough at the line when trying to break down and block a defender. He isn't a very strong player and doesn't break many tackles after the catch. He doesn't create much for himself in the short passing game and wouldn't be a great option out of the slot, as he doesn't create his own plays and wouldn't be a threat during screen plays. He is effective as a deep threat but doesn't bring much else to the table.
							
2012	Ron Brooks	2533332	CB	LSU	Brooks is an undersized corner who has never found a starting role amongst a stacked defensive backfield at LSU. He has been an influential player throughout his four years (after a freshman developmental redshirt year) and is a consummate playmaker from the nickel corner position. He is an attractive selection in the late rounds to a team who wants a defensive back who has the athletic ability and experience to cover out of the slot and be a zone blitzer. He isn't the most physical tackler, but he is explosive and is effective rushing from the edge in all-out blitz looks. He was never able to break into a starting role playing behind the likes of first rounders Patrick Peterson and Morris Claiborne and other younger, more athletic players; but playing second fiddle to the likes of those players should give him a shot to compete at the next level.	Brooks is an athletic cornerback who understands how to cover receivers out of the slot and use his hip mobility and flexibility to his advantage. He is a solid athlete who is a quick-twitched guy with noticeable explosion. He is good in coverage and can be effective in blitzing schemes when given an opportunity to rush full speed from the edge. He shows up as a playmaker all over the field, whether it be working as a nickel corner, an offbeat edge rusher, or as a gunner/cover man on special teams.
								Brooks is a bit undersized and absolutely inexperienced as a starter. He has started sparingly when filling in for injured guys, and he can look lost at times when playing out of the slot in nickel looks. When the play is directly in front of him, or he is tasked with running it down from a gunner position, he is a natural mover and a solid finisher when tackling. If he needs to diagnose a play or run continuously with a quick-twitched receiver, he can struggle. Overall, he is a gamer who is slightly undersized, but he makes plays when given an opportunity.
							
2012	Sean Richardson	2533333	SS	Vanderbilt	Richardson has elite size and speed, and to be entirely frank, this is about all he is bringing to an NFL team as he enters the NFL draft. Fortunately for him, those two traits are highly regarded for the safety position, especially for rookies who will likely serve as backups and on special teams early on. The name of the game for Richardson will be his ability to learn an NFL defense and develop his skills across the board.	Richardson runs extremely smooth and fast, although he doesn't get to full speed often. When he does, he could compete with the fastest in the league at his position. He has strong ball skills, and when he puts these two traits together, Richardson is an impressive safety. He has the natural ability to start in the NFL if he can shore up different technical weaknesses he has. 
								Sean is, remarkably, mostly a box safety who rarely was given the opportunity to cut it loose on the back end at Vanderbilt. Although he runs around blocks often and is a drag-down tackler, he should be able to play early on in the box in the NFL. He has some serious issues in man coverage, as he was undisciplined in the few exposures he had in college, which could have been a major reason why such an athletic frame was playing so sheltered in the box. He struggled when put in zone coverage, as well, and has a long way to go before his alignments and all-around skill sets are up to par with his athleticism. 
							
2012	Greg Childs	2533334	WR	Arkansas	Childs' career at Arkansas lacked consistency but showed enough that he should be considered worthy of a late-round pick to a team who can hope to tap into and develop the talent and ability he showed early on his career. Fortunately for Childs, he showed up as an effective playmaker in the last game of his career, the BCS National Championship Game, which could show teams he is capable of being the player he was early on at Arkansas. The single most influential play of Childs' college career was when he suffering a torn patella tendon injury during the 2010 season, which left him obviously uncomfortable when running routes throughout 2011. If Childs can convince teams he is the playmaker they saw in the final game of his career, he could continue to rise.	Childs understands how to use his body in the short game to create enough space to be effective. He builds up his speed throughout the route but is good to battle with corners underneath when trying to work slant and drive routes to gain position. He isn't a physical player, but he will use his big frame to shield when necessary. When running the fade route, he understands how to use the sideline to his advantage. He can make any catch within his large radius and is good to torque his body when running in-phase.
								Childs is a slow mover, and it's obvious when running routes with destination points deeper than five to 10 yards. He is not explosive and struggles to separate from receivers, a trait that is growing increasingly important in the NFL, especially with more accurate quarterbacks. He is not a deep threat and makes all plays downfield solely off his size. Childs is just an average athlete who will struggle to make an immediate impact at the next level.
							
2012	Derek Moye	2533335	WR	Penn St.	Moye was a three-year starter at Penn State where he used his incredible size to gain mismatches against smaller defenders and make plays in the deep game and red zone exposures. He has decent speed but is a build-up strider who could really be effective downfield at the next level. He struggles against man press coverage and could stand to put some weight on a rather thin frame. 	Moye's height is his greatest asset, and he uses it well in the red zone and when working against defenders for deep balls. He can adjust well to poorly thrown balls on the move and shows a good ability to adjust his feet when working along the sideline. He is a one-speed runner, but he displays decent body control when working in and out of breaks at the top of routes. He will drop some easy balls but catches the difficult ones.
								Moye is not a great athlete despite his size, and he has a difficult time separating from defenders who stay with him in his hip. He doesn't have the short area burst to separate himself from corners at the next level and struggles getting off the line of scrimmage. NFL defensive coordinators will put bigger corners on the line to jam him early and often, and unless he can improve his lateral agility to keep defenders off him, he will struggle here.
							
2012	Tommie Draheim	2533336	T	San Diego St.	Draheim was a three-year starter at SDSU, his first two seasons as a center and last at tackle out of team need. He projects much more comfortably to center in the pros, as he would be slightly undersized at tackle at 285 pounds. Tommie is a natural offensive lineman. He is very quick off the snap and understands how to lead and make calls at the line. He is a heady player who would bolster any offensive line in the league, whether as a starter or developmental backup.	Draheim was given the task of breaking in quarterback Ryan Lindley, and together at QB and center the two enjoyed a decent career at SDSU. Draheim is an incredibly quick-twitched athlete for his size. He can get off the ball with ease and fluidly move up field to block on the second level. He is good to throttle his weight down into his hips and bend his knees to fit on a smaller linebacker, and he has more value on the interior, as he could be relied upon immediately as a puller. He has natural footwork and technique and seems to have the ability to adapt to any scheme in the pros.
								Draheim struggled at times blocking the pass as a senior. He has a good pass set, footwork and the type of footwork that could make offensive line coaches swoon, but that didn't translate into effective blocks for him the past year. It was a slow transition to tackle and one that another team likely won't put him through. He could stand to add some weight to his frame, but he is sufficient in this area.
							
2012	Caleb McSurdy	2533337	ILB	Montana	McSurdy went rather unnoticed for much of his career in Montana. He was a force in the Big Sky Conference in his senior year, recording 114 tackles and 7.5 tackles for loss. He is a thick, short inside linebacker who doesn't have great speed but should be able to use his strength, instincts and tackling ability to find playing time early and often at the next level. He should also be an early contributor on special teams and could be selected in the late rounds to a team seeking linebacker depth. 	McSurdy is a very instinctual linebacker who relies on his play recognition and pre-snap keys to put himself in a strong position to make plays. He is a quick-twitched mover once the ball is snapped and easily sniffs out run plays to meet running backs in the hole. He has a nose for the ball when facing run and is able to react quickly enough and get into his pass set when diagnosing pass. He is a solid, reliable wrap-up tackler on the inside and shows a polished ability to dip his hips, fend off a low block and make a quick move towards the ball. He is aggressive when tackling to assure he brings down the ball carrier. 
								McSurdy is a bit undersized for the inside linebacker position, and while that often times is more reason to play a kid in a 4-3 scheme to avoid the extra blocks from the offensive line, Caleb has just enough weight on him, and potential to grow, to allow him to work from within a 3-4 if necessary. He is usually good to shed blocks but, given his inexperience with top-line collegiate play, could struggle against bigger offensive linemen working towards the second level in the NFL. He struggles to work against tight ends on the line of scrimmage and shouldn't be relied upon to cover downfield.
							
2012	Jerrell Jackson	2533338	WR	Missouri	Jackson was a two-year starter at receiver who has the speed to contribute early at the next level, likely working out of the slot. He runs good routes and is a polished all-around receiver. He didn't play out of the slot often at Mizzou, as he was often working from the outside where mismatches were created thanks to the emphasis on covering the highly regarded tight end in the offense, Michael Egnew. Jackson has value to a team looking for a solid NFL-ready backup who will likely be willing to contribute on special teams.	Jackson runs good routes and is savvy to stem receivers off balance when working off the line of scrimmage. He is a good reactor when jammed initially but isn't going to initiate any contact. He uses his hands quickly and well, and he can shake a corner at the line to gain an advantage early. He isn't the best separator in-phase, so he wins many of his routes at the line. He can catch nearly any ball thrown his way and is great to adjust. He is a long strider but adjusts well and is able to put slight moves on defenders with the ball in his hands. He is inconsistent but mostly effective as a blocker. He is knowledgeable of how to work out of the slot and likely will be called on to do this at the next level. 
								Jackson has to rely mostly on instincts to win routes early. If he doesn't win off the line of scrimmage, he has a tough time separating at the top of routes and usually will only make the play if a good ball is put on him. He understands how to throttle down against zone coverage and is fairly aware of his surroundings, but he is not an explosive playmaker and could easily get "washed out" at the next level unless he is thrusted into a favorable situation.
							
2012	Lavasier Tuinei	2533339	WR	Oregon	Tuinei is an intriguing prospect who played an important, yet unconventional role throughout his career in the Oregon offense. He is somewhat reminiscent of another Northwest product, T.J. Houshmanzadeh, who like Tuinei was tall, athletic and able to separate from defenders just enough to get big hands on the ball and make plays to move the chains. Like Housh, Lavasier is deceptively fast. In a spread option offense at Oregon that relied on zone blocking schemes and offbeat huddles to keep the defense on its toes, Tuinei was a throwback of sorts. He was relied upon to move the chains in five to 10 yard increments when needed, mostly on third downs. Tuinei is a good athlete with a professional pedigree who has played in a lot of big games and could be selected in the late rounds if he runs fast throughout the pre-draft process.	Tuinei is a very good athlete for his size. He uses his body well in-route and is savvy to lean on defenders to gain just enough of a step at the top of his routes. He is tough across the middle to make a catch in traffic and was relied upon heavily to do so at Oregon. He was mostly used as a short area receiver, using his frame to "box out" defenders and secure a catch and a first down. He is good to adjust to poorly thrown balls, another thing he saw a lot at Oregon. He is very aggressive in the run game and showed the tenacity to produce on special teams. 
								Lavasier has not proven that he can get downfield and run routes that will get him free at the next level. His 40 time will be an essential piece of his pre-draft evaluation, as he rarely cut it loose on an Oregon offense that had much faster, smaller playmakers to get downfield. Although he is tall and physical, Tuinei struggles to get off the line of scrimmage, as he is a slow mover and usually was put in the slot to avoid immediate contact. He was non-existent in the deep passing game and can't be relied upon there at the next level.
							
2012	Kelcie McCray	2533340	SS	Arkansas State	McCray is a big, physical safety from Arkansas State who could develop into a future starter in the NFL if put in the right scheme. A former high school quarterback, it is evident that McCray is able to key in on plays as a safety and make the pre-snap reads to put himself in a good position. He has the size to cover tight ends and the physicality to be a presence on the back end.	McCray will bring a physical presence to any defensive backfield in the NFL. Somewhat reminiscent of Ravens safety Bernard Pollard, Kelcie can provide run support or play real effectively in the intermediate range when defending the pass. He excels in run support and is a physical, bruising tackler. He has great speed for the position to run plays down, and he has been durable and reliable throughout his career. He is a competitive hitter and looks natural in transition and in his backpedal. He has the ability to break on a ball and play the man competitively both at the point of attack and in the air. 
								McCray has pre-snap issues that affect his play and could hinder his development early on in the league. He has a tendency to stay in his back pedal for extended periods of time and will break late on plays; it's almost as if his feet are not coming with his eyes when he's diagnosing a play. He has the speed and athletic ability to catch up in the conference he's been playing in, but unless he can get his pre-snap reads down quicker and develop an ability to diagnose run or pass early, he could have an extended development phase.
							
2012	Brandon Carswell	2533341	WR	USC	Carswell was largely an afterthought throughout his career at USC. He is a big, athletic receiver who has a background playing quarterback throughout high school, and this field savvy is evident in his playing style. He relies on field awareness and his quick-twitched athleticism to make plays, although the ball didn't come his way often in a USC offense catered to younger receivers. Carswell could be a late-round selection to a team hoping he is a better player than the stats showed throughout his career.	Carswell is a good athlete who uses his size well. He is quick off the line and understands how to stem his routes to get receivers on their heels. He played under many technique-savvy coaches at USC, and it shows in his route running. He is a talented player who is effective when he sticks his foot in the ground to gain separation against corners. He gives full effort when blocking and has displayed the type of athleticism that makes him a strong special teams candidate, something he will need to excel at in order to stick at the next level.
								Carswell did not get many balls thrown his way throughout his time at USC. Although he was used heavily in the offense, it was mostly to tap into his physicality and athleticism as a blocker in the run and short passing game; rarely was he a target in the offense. Eighteen catches for 153 yards as a senior was his best season statistically, and he will have to show he has the experience to play early at the next level. He is best when working out of the slot, and although he has the physicality to play special teams, he is lacking experience there as well and will need to be a quick learner.
							
2012	J R Sweezy	2533342	DE	N.C. State	Sweezy is a big defensive line prospect who's versatility is the key to his draft value. He could play a 3 tech defensive tackle position within a 4-3, but by the time draft day rolls around, he could have already convinced a 3-4 team to take a shot on him as a defensive end. He could almost be considered a poor man's J.J. Watt of the Houston Texans and has the type of competitiveness to come in and hopefully pressure for the type of playing time Watt commanded. As a defensive end in a 3-4, he could be drafted in the late rounds but will pressure for a spot on a 53-man roster regardless.	Sweezy is a decent athlete but is somewhat stiff in his movements. He has good initial quickness off the ball and is generally able to read blocking schemes and disrupt plays. He is a very effortful player, and this is the key to his success sideline to sideline. He could even be a potential candidate to move outside and maul tight ends before the play, as he has shown the flexibility to pull out of a 3-point stance and hand fight with faster players.
								Sweezy is a stiff mover and could have trouble trying to play inside in the NFL. In a 3-4 scheme he could be more of a gap-filler, which is where he likely has more value. He struggles to get off blocks inside and make anything for himself. He is more of a motor/strength player on the line than he is naturally athletic, and this could be exposed early on in his career.
							
2012	Lennon Creer	2533343	RB	Louisiana Tech	Creer enjoyed a very successful career at Louisiana Tech after transferring from Tennessee after his freshman year. Stuck behind some older, more talented players, as well as eyeing a fresh recruiting class that could outplay him with a new coaching staff in place at Tennessee, Lennon headed west to La Tech and was able to put valuable work on tape that showed him as an NFL-ready back. If he can display the same type of speed and athletic ability he did in his senior year on special teams in the NFL, Lennon is worthy of a late-round selection. A strong showing at the Shrine game, parlayed into a rare invite to a second all-star game (Senior Bowl), Lennon could muster up some steam to be taken in the late rounds.	Lennon is explosive out of his stance. He is quick to hit the hole and rarely fumbled at Louisiana Tech. In the mold of the "Law Firm," Ben Jarvis Green-Ellis of New England, Creer could be the type of athletic, serviceable and trustworthy back who could garner a lot of carries at the next level. With the days of one running back getting all the carries gone, Lennon could be a very good option early on and is capable of picking up blocking schemes; generally the one thing that keeps backs off the field early. Lennon is pro-ready and has been through a lot of adversity throughout his collegiate career.
								Up until his senior year, Creer wasn't able to put much work on tape. He is a decent runner through the tackles but doesn't have the speed to gain an edge and get outside on an NFL defense. He could be a decent option early on and will have to be a special teams contributor to guarantee sticking on a 53-man roster.
							
2012	James Rodgers	2533344	WR	Oregon St.	James Rodgers, the older brother of Falcons RB Jacquizz Rodgers, plays with a similar style to 'Quizz, although he works mostly out of the slot and in the return game. He is undersized at 5'7" 180 pounds, but he runs with strong balance and overcomes most of his deficiencies by playing fast and smart. He has late-round value to a team that needs a returner and an option in the pass game. Rodgers broke his leg before taking a redshirt and coming back for a fifth year, so it remains to be seen if he can fully recover from an injury that left him limited throughout much of his last year in school.	James is a quick athlete who gets the most out of his small frame. Tough to bring down and has a great sense of where he is on the field. Quick off the line and doesn't "false step," but has some slight issues displaying that same quickness in and out of his breaks in-route. Reliable across the middle, reliable in the run game to aggressively block, and overall shows up on every play. Could be serviceable as a returner. 
								The undersized James Rodgers could stand to put on some weight(his brother plays at around 205 pounds), but he doesn't want to get too big and lose the quickness that makes him effective. Will have to prove he is fully recovered from a knee surgery, and his small size will never leave him. Will have to consummately work to overcome obstacles at the next level.
							
2012	Winston Guy	2533345	DB	Kentucky	Guy is a big safety from Kentucky who, not unlike last year's draft gem Randall Cobb on the offensive side, was a defensive jack of all trades for Kentucky throughout his career. He played corner as a freshman before moving to safety for his second and third years, and ultimately ended up at outside linebacker. Projects as a safety in the NFL and has the special-teams ability to contribute early; late-round value. 	Guy is an excellent player in run support, makes a lot of plays off the edge and could be an effective sub-package zone blitzer in his pro career. Drag-down tackler, but usually in position and good with pre-snap reads. Seems to have the savvy and athletic ability to start at various positions.
								As a safety, Guy will struggle early in zone coverage and recovering on deep balls. After playing the last year of his college career in the box as a linebacker, there will be obvious hitches in his technique and transition when aligning 10-15 yards deep as a safety. He lacks instincts when playing the pass and has trouble recognizing when a ball is thrown and triggering his feet to get there.
							
2012	De'Andre Presley	2533346	CB	Appalachian St.	Presley started one game at QB as a freshman, one game at WR as a sophomore, started every game at QB as a junior, and moved to corner out of team necessity as a senior. He is an explosive athlete who has starter-like talent for the NFL once he hones his skills on the defensive side of the ball.	Presley is a natural athlete who doesn't labor to get himself moving. Has the footwork to pivot either inside or out, and run and turn with anyone. Is still learning proper technique, and it shows in some of his alignments. Has the speed to recover against any receiver, and he relies heavily on this explosiveness to stay with his man. Can drive on the ball when he sees it, but can get lost at times when the ball is in the air. 
								Although Presley's transition displayed a great deal of football character, it has provided a slight setback for him in terms of his readiness for the pros. While he will be able to rely on his athletic ability early on, unless his physicality, technique, and weight continue to rise he could struggle in his pro transition. He will need to work on bringing his feet with his eyes, as he can get caught driving his foot in the ground for too long at times. He simply will need many reps to prepare himself for the regular season in a pro uniform.
							
2012	Bradie Ewing	2533347	FB	Wisconsin	Ewing is the beneficiary of a thin fullback crop this year, although there's growing sentiment that the position is being eliminated entirely from offenses in the NFL. A throwback player -- a block first guy who will need to be selected by an offense that intends to use him that way, and as a special teams contributor. Ewing came into Wisconsin as a running back, and was Wisconsin's special teams player of the year as a senior. 	Ewing is a powerful blocker who hits the hole hard and can dip, sit, and uncoil his hips for an explosive block into a linebacker. He had few carries or catches in his career, but was reliable when thrown to. While he can be explosive, he is more of a seek-out, engage and stalemate blocker. He is quick off the snap for his size and it's obvious he understands how to maximize his opportunities. Took a backseat in his senior year due to the rise of QB Russell Wilson. He is an NFL-ready player who has played in professional blocking schemes for years at Wisconsin.
								Ewing is not going to make any electric plays with the ball at the next level. Compared to fullbacks who have been successful of late in the NFL, such as Vonta Leach of the Ravens, he has the ability to block with the same tenacity. A decent athlete but very stiff and straight-line as a runner.
							
2012	David Teggart	2533348	K	Connecticut	Teggart is a soccer-style kicker who has decent leg strength and, unfortunately, issues with consistency. The NFL's rule change, moving kickoffs up, will hurt Teggart's pro prospects, as kickers are ultimately relied upon to kick touchbacks more than 50 percent of the time, and it's unlikely Teggart will ever be in that range. He is a decent sized athlete, but he likely does nothing well enough to garner a draft selection; he's a free-agent prospect who could get selected late by a team desperate for someone to compete for the position.	Teggart rarely mishits from the 20-40 yard range. He has handled pressure fairly well and made some game-winners. His kicks start on a low line before rising, which could provide a problem in the NFL, but Teggart has a consistent approach that will likely allow him the opportunity to refine his technique. He is a decent athlete who can run down returners. 
								Teggart has an unusual problem of missing from 40-49 yards, but actually being fairly consistent from beyond 50. Unfortunately for him, that range happens to be one heavily relied upon to be consistent at the next level. He is good under pressure and has the same approach each time, however that approach is one that leads to a ball that rises slowly and could be blocked.
							
2012	Austin Davis	2533349	QB	Southern Miss	Second-team all Conference USA as a Senior, a conference which has surprisingly produced pro-ready quarterbacks over the years. He is a good athlete and an accurate short-intermediate passer. Started a lot of games and has the pocket presence to stand behind an NFL line early in his career. His prospects are hurt by the general elimination of the third-string quarterback in the NFL, and if he is selected on a flier late, will likely need some time to develop on a practice squad.	Davis is athletic and systematic in his dropback. Toward the end of his college career, he was hitting a lot of his second and third reads, a good sign when evaluating his NFL-readiness. He will need to show the ability to hit fast NFL receivers in stride on the deep ball, but shouldn't have any problems managing a West Coast offense.
								Davis hasn't played in many high-level games. Struggles with his deep ball at times and his arm strength has been a slow, yet steady progression throughout college. It remains to be seen whether or not he has the type of zip on his ball to hit a deep 15-yard out in the NFL.
							
2012	A J Greene	2533350	T	Auburn	Greene is a big offensive lineman who started for two years at Auburn, though he had an ankle injury in 2010. He has good speed and has led a few good offensive lines at Auburn. Could get drafted in the late rounds.	Greene is good at anchoring and stabilizing oncoming rushers in his pass set, but he has a difficult time getting into a deep knee bend. Relies on upper strength. Has fluid feet that look comfortable in his pass set, but it's obvious that his feet can get stuck at times when he is uncertain playing within a zone scheme. A good blocker when he has to fight a man in a phone booth and not work upfield.
								He doesn't diminish his opponents from the line of scrimmage, but merely works to mirror and react to them as they rush. He likes to push and often gets off balance because of it. He knows how to use his hands, but his natural strength and technique allow him to get overpowered at times. He isn't necessarily a candidate to move inside because of his weight (too light), and isn't reliable as a puller. He would be a developmental prospect in the NFL.
							
2012	Andrew Tiller	2533351	G	Syracuse	Tiller has NFL size for the guard position. He is a below-average athlete, which hurts his ability to contribute early at the next level. A strong, positional blocker who really excels in the run game, where he can overpower defenders. His footwork is his Achilles heel and the likely reason he will probably be delegated to the practice squad during his first few years. 	Tiller excels as a run blocker. Although not very explosive, if he is able to get his hands on defensive linemen he is generally able to move them out of the play. Size and strength are the shining attributes of his game. 
								Tiller is a non-explosive interior lineman who struggles in pass protection. It seems he hasn't honed in on a stance and pass-set that he feels comfortable with, as when gets too high at times and can be caught off balance by powerful pass rushers. He struggles in space to work upfield and get his hands on linebackers, and would really excel more in a zone blocking scheme.
							
2012	Delano Howell	2533352	SS	Stanford	Howell is a polished, undersized safety who has shown the maximum ability he will bring to the NFL. Has decent speed for his size, and is good in man coverage. A fluid backpedaler, he is usually in the right position. It is unlikely he will be drafted, but he could be sought-after as a free agent who could provide depth and special-teams help early on.	Howell is good in man coverage and although he doesn't have the size to match up with the NFL's finest tight ends, he has the savvy, footwork, and athletic ability to run with most and can cover receivers as well. Has a solid trigger step to turn his hips and run. Can get knocked around some against bigger players. Understands how to provide run support in the box, and is a fairly reliable tackler. 
								Howell struggles as a tackler; although he is aggressive, he can take his eye off his target and fall off at times. An average athlete, he will need to adapt to NFL speed and playbooks early on to keep a job on a squad.
							
2012	Cory Harkey	2533353	TE	UCLA	Harkey was rather unheralded for much of his career at UCLA, where he only had one pass thrown his way as a senior and was used mostly as an extra blocker. Has good size as a blocker, but it is unlikely he will work upfield much as a pass catcher in the NFL. 	Harkey is an effective blocker in the run game and uses his frame and hand technique to make a difference. Other than working to seal blocks on the edge, Harkey hasn't shown enough other skills that project at the next level, other than being able to move on his large frame.
								As a pass catcher, he isn't a mismatch; although he's much bigger than safeties, he isn't faster, and that will be his main problem. To be targeted only once in an underperforming UCLA offense is not very attractive to NFL teams. Struggles to work off defensive ends and get into his routes, and he can't separate from defenders. Will be considered a glorified sixth lineman in the NFL, if that.
							
2012	Carson Wiggs	2533354	K	Purdue	Wiggs started all four years at Purdue and enjoyed a very successful career as a placekicker. Has NFL leg strength and has routinely hit kicks beyond 50 yards. An impressive athlete with a smooth, consistent approach reminiscent of some of the league's best. Will likely go undrafted but is a solid prospect for a team looking to pick up a kid to compete with a veteran.	Wiggs has a very strong leg. Isn't a liability as a safety valve, as he has displayed the ability to run down returners. As a kickoff man, he could get the job done with the appropriate amount of touchbacks. Has made clutch kicks throughout his career. 
								Wiggs has shown some inconsistency. He will make a kick of 55 yards, then shank an extra point. Quick to get his kick off, but struggles with getting the ball in the air. This could be a liability in the NFL as many teams in the past few years have been increasingly studying "block points" of kicks and tipping off kicks that don't rise quickly enough. He hasn't handled inclement weather well throughout his career, and will need to be nearly perfect throughout the preseason to nail down a spot. 
							
2012	JJ Jones	2533431	CB	Wayne St. (MI)	JJ comes from unheralded Wayne St., in Michigan, and has decent size for the corner position. He is a very savvy corner who understands how to play the position and plays well in zone coverages. He is fast and athletic, and shows a good burst when he is working in and out of his pedal. He shows the toughness and willingness to play special teams early on at the next level, and could go in the 7th round to a team needing corner depth and willing to help develop his skills.	JJ is a very smart player and it's obvious that he studies offensive tendencies. In man, he can stay close with any receiver and has good athletic ability there to turn his hips. He has good technique even though he's from such a small school and has likely had limited coaching at the position, and he his footwork is in tune with his body when he covers. He plays well in zone too and is a real good short-area player to show a burst and get to the ball.
								JJ has a tough time adjusting to balls that are thrown when he is running away from the line of scrimmage. He can get out-jumped by bigger wide receivers and although he looks aware to make plays on the ball in zone, has just not shown the skills in man to make ball plays. He is a decent tackler who is willing, but can get run over by bigger competition.
							
2012	Jordan Jefferson	2533432	QB	LSU	Jefferson had an up-and-down career at Louisiana State, where he started every game in his sophomore and junior years after taking over toward the end of his freshman year. After some off-the-field issues prior to his senior year at LSU, Jefferson split time with fellow senior QB Jarrett Lee, and did nothing to overwhelm NFL talent evaluators. He had an uninspired showing in the BCS National Championship game, and although he was limited by the offense he played in that showcased a lot of the talent around him rather than as a throwing QB, Jefferson hasn't shown enough transferable skills at this point to garner a draft pick, but an athlete with his size and SEC experience should get a shot in camp.	Jefferson has good size at just under 6-foot-4, 220 pounds. He is a decent game manager running a spread-option offense, and is an athletic mover when avoiding pressure or moving outside the pocket. He has a consistent, explosive drop set that puts him in a good position on his five- and seven-step drops. He has the arm strength to make NFL throws, and has shown accuracy on some deep balls over the years. He can extend plays with his feet, and has started a lot of games against top-notch SEC competition throughout his career.
								Jefferson has serious mechanical issues that effect his play. He locks out his front leg when stepping into the ball, and the follow through that results from this stiff motion causes him to have an inconsistent release point that makes it very difficult to make quick, accurate throws in the short game. When in a two-minute offense or under pressure late in a game, Jefferson uses poor judgment and is ripe for turnovers. He lacks awareness in the pocket and tries to rely on his scrambling ability too heavily, causing him to take bad sacks. There are many fundamental elements of Jefferson's game that need work before he would be ready to run an NFL offense.
							
2012	Akiem Hicks	2533433	DE	Regina	Hicks has an an interesting late-rise prospect coming into the 2012 draft following a career playing collegiate football in Canada, at the little-known University of Regina in Saskatchewan after a short stint at LSU, where circumstances surrounding his recruitment led him north of the border. He has the size to play on the front lines and could have late-round value to a team willing to develop him.	Hicks has the frame to fit in nicely, not only at DT but potentially outside at end in a 3-4 scheme. He is athletic and shows a strong burst and agility off the snap to get into his opposing offensive linemen. He has decent strength to defeat blockers, but is more reliable to make an athletic move and quickly get into the backfield. He is athletic in open space, and this is where his value is most evident. He has NFL-caliber size, agility and burst off the ball.
								Hicks has been a slow developer who has played two full seasons of junior college ball (Sacramento City College) and then two seasons in Canada. It remains to be seen how readily adaptable his skills are to the pros given that level of competition. While teams might want him as an end based off his size, Hicks can get overwhelmed at the point of attack against double teams, and doesn't have many moves in his arsenal to counter. He is a decent run defender, but plays too upright at times; technique is the main hitch in his game in all aspects.
							
2012	Davin Meggett	2533434	RB	Maryland	Meggett split time for much of his career at Maryland where he shared the backfield with some talented backs and didn't start significantly until his senior year. A team captain after three years of playing sparingly, Meggett was an obvious leader for the Terps and carried the load for Maryland as a senior. He is short but thick, and he has some traits that make him intriguing as a late-round prospect in this year's draft.	Meggett packs a lot of weight on his frame. He does many things right out of the backfield and thrives running between the tackles. He has good footwork and vision to avoid messes in tight spaces when running up the middle, and he is able to find the small holes enough to get a crease and be productive. He is somewhat reminiscent of last year's prospect, Jacquizz Rodgers of Oregon State, as they both rely on vision and small size to "hide" from the defense until they get a seam. And they have enough elusiveness and power to make a defender miss at the second level. 
								Meggett is undersized and hasn't taken a large pounding in the collegiate ranks. With barely over 10 games started in his career, it remains to be seen if he can handle the pounding that comes with running between the tackles in the NFL. He is unreliable catching the ball out of the backfield, where he struggled catching the ball all year. He has a decent burst to gain an edge out of the backfield or turn upfield, but he is strictly a short-yardage, change-of-pace back at this point.
							
2012	Dontari Poe	2533435	DT	Memphis	Poe is a big man who will likely improve a 3-4 defense working as their anchor inside at NT. His best attribute is his ability to occupy space inside and allow those on the second level to flow and make plays. He isn?t just a big man to hold two blockers, however, as he can use his strength to overpower most blockers at the collegiate level and also use his athletic ability to be a threat in the passing game and make plays around the ball. Poe has the build and athleticism to be picked late in the first round or near the top of the second.	Poe has a serious ability to eat up a double team. Strong lower body so that he can stabilize his position. His athletic ability and quickness force the use of a double team, and he can wreak havoc around the ball. Poe uses his strong hands to keep defenders at bay and throw them around to create opportunities. He is a consistent defender who combines size, strength, athletic ability, and the understanding of what it takes inside for himself and those around him to do their job.
								Poe can't do much else besides be an effective lane-clogger within the right scheme. He doesn't have the versatility to move outside to end in a 3-4, a trend that has been seen from many teams who like to get girth and athleticism on the edge of their line. He is not very quick off the ball, and although he is a good athlete for his size, he could struggle to create "splash" plays for himself early on at the next level, where he will likely be facing double teams and much stronger interior offensive lineman. 
							
2012	Brock Osweiler	2533436	QB	Arizona State	Osweiler is an intriguing early-entry prospect out of Arizona State. He started for Dennis Erickson's Sun Devils for just two years before opting to leave a year of eligibility on the table with the mass exodus of both the ASU coaching staff and a solid group of senior starters. A good athlete for the position, Osweiler was originally signed on to play basketball at Gonzaga before opting to play football at ASU. He has the arm strength to be a first-day pick but hasn't shown the consistency that is characteristic of guys who deserve first-round money.	Osweiler has a very deliberate, quick-twitched setup which he employs on a consistent basis. His athletic ability allows him to play the position naturally and with ease. He slings the ball naturally, as well, and even though he pats the ball before throwing, his release is so compact and effective he isn't hindered by this habit in the slightest. His shining asset is his arm strength; he can hit nearly any NFL-caliber throw at this point in his career. He is a good leader and looks in control in the huddle and on the field. He is above average from an accuracy standpoint, and he really has a good grasp on when to add touch to the ball or to zip it. He has the pocket presence of a first-day pick and doesn't go down easily. He is good to extend plays with his feet.
								Osweiler had on-the-field judgment issues throughout his career at ASU and isn't reliable to protect the ball from turnovers. It seems as if he starts to get rolling in a game, and the more confidence he builds, the more of a gun-slinger mentality he adopts. This severely hinders his play. When under control, early in the game, he is athletic, accurate, and a good game manager. He will need to learn to hone in some of the competitive traits that have helped lead him to success up to this point. He is likely a developmental prospect who could struggle if forced to play early on.
							
2012	Ronnie Hillman	2533437	RB	San Diego St.	Hillman is an early-entry junior to the 2012 draft and hails from San Diego State, where he started every game for the Aztecs in the past two years and was first team All-MWC. He is a bit undersized but has the speed and quickness to be an immediately impactful back in the NFL. He likely won't demand the bulk of the carries for an NFL team but is a good "change of pace" guy and does a lot of things well enough to project to make an impact.	Hillman relies heavily on his quickness off the snap and immediate vision to find a seam to be an effective runner. He has decent speed for his size, but his quickness is how he makes his plays. He has a good, natural feel for how to find daylight and can be patient to wait for a pulling interior lineman to get to the second level. He is a RB who plays much more with his instincts and savvy with the ball in his hands than one who relies on athletic ability. He has a good burst in a short area to make guys miss, and has the quickness to be an effective short-yardage back in the NFL.
								Hillman is a very smooth mover who is not very explosive with the ball in his hands. He likes to feel his way through the line of scrimmage and usually gets to the second level with ease, but he struggles to run with power or elusiveness to make defenders miss and really break for a big gain. He averaged 5.5 yards per carry in his senior year, but those numbers were a bit skewed thanks to some outlier-type big runs. 
							
2012	Justin Anderson	2533441	T	Georgia	Anderson won Georgia's "Most Improved Player" award as a senior, and it was rightfully deserved. Anderson has the frame to start at tackle in the NFL and has steadily developed the skills to match. He only became a full-time starter his senior year after a medical redshirt year prior, and he looked unsure of himself at times in the beginning of the season. He has some talent and could be a late-round selection to a team seeking depth on the offensive line.	Anderson has very good size for the tackle position and has developed his footwork so that he has a functional pass set to anchor himself and mirror, a technique he employs regularly. He is naturally a strong player who can move defenders in the run game and uses his feet well to mirror and shade in pass pro. He is a big frame that he knows how to use to his advantage.
								Anderson is still developing, and although he recovered well as a senior, there were durability concerns surrounding his career prior. After a year at the heralded prep school Hargrave Academy, he took a while to come into his own and  develop the type of footwork and coordination necessary to be effective in the SEC. He will have a constant weight battle at the next level and teams will need to be assured he can stay active and healthy for the long-term.
							
2012	Kelvin Beachum	2533442	T	SMU	Beachum is an undersized offensive tackle from SMU who started every game in his career after redshirting as a freshman. He is undersized for the position in the NFL, but he improved steadily throughout his career and displays the level of athletic ability, body control and footwork to be drafted in the late rounds of the draft. Beachum has significant strength deficiencies which are constantly evident in his play. His ability to physically develop within an NFL program in his first year will likely be the driving force of his football future.	Beachum is very quick off the ball and has an obvious sense of urgency to his play. He has a good first step to get out in front and gain position. When working up field, he has very impressive short area quickness and footwork. He is able to throttle down his weight instantly to fit on moving linebackers, and he really impressed in the limited exposure he had working in space while playing tackle. Beachum shows smooth, controlled lateral agility when engaging his pass set. 
								Beachum is a soft prospect after putting four years on film. Although he comes off the ball and moves quickly, he is a non-explosive type who struggles to generate push on his man off the snap. He struggles in the run blocking game, which doesn't bode well for his development and projected move inside to guard. He didn't get many opportunities to showcase classic run blocking within SMU's scheme, and for NFL teams it will be somewhat of a crap shoot in terms of projecting his ability to effectively move to guard. Kelvin is a mirror and patty cake blocker who was effective and productive at SMU, but he has questionable NFL-transferable skills.
							
2012	Timothy Benford	2533443	WR	Tennessee Tech	Benford is a wide receiver out of Tennessee Tech, where in his senior year he was the OVC player of the year. He is a decent-sized receiver who understands how to run routes and get defensive backs on their heels. Benford has become a late rising prospect after an impressive showing at the East-West Shrine Game, where he displayed the ability to compete with the country's finest senior prospects.	Benford has some suddenness and explosion to him in and out of his breaks that allow him to separate from the defender. He is quick for a receiver of almost 200 pounds and has a good change of direction. He is smart to stem and sell his routes to keep corners off-balance and has the footwork to break off routes on a snap. He was a highly productive and consistent player throughout his career.
								Benford is about average size for the receiver position, but he doesn't possess any level of stellar athletic ability or speed to set him apart. He was a productive college player who could thrive given the right opportunity at the next level, but he will struggle to stand out athletically on the field. Benford is inconsistent catching the ball by NFL standards and was the beneficiary of being to sole target in Tech's offense throughout his career.
							
2012	Randol Bullock	2533444	K	Texas A&M	Bullock was a reliable placekicker for Texas A&M who held down the position ever since claiming it halfway through his freshman year. He was 101 for 101 on extra points in his last two years and is an accomplished kickoff specialist as well. 	Bullock is accurate both short and long and is capable of kicking consistent touchbacks in the NFL. He made over 87 percent of his kicks in his senior year, which is impressive considering he attempted more than two per game on average. He employs a consistent, controlled approach on each kick and gets enough rise to not risk blocks. 
								Bullock could be a liability as a safety tackler in the kicking game, as he wasn't able to get in on much action in college and likely won't run down any returners in the NFL. He has struggled with rise on his kicks at times and will need to develop his technique to generate a bit more rise on his ball off his foot.
							
2012	Paul Cornick	2533445	T	North Dakota St.	Cornick will be an intriguing late-round prospect for teams looking to bolster their offensive line. He was a 2 1/2-year starter at North Dakota State where he played offensive tackle, but his size and positional versatility to move inside to guard give him added value as a backup player. 	Cornick is a very good run blocker who, despite his size, is flexible in his stance and has consistently shown the ability to out-leverage his man at the point of attack. He is a competitive blocker and finishes downfield on every run play. He is technically sound with his hands, and once a man is engaged he is rarely released until the whistle. He is a decent athlete who relies more on his preparation, savvy and game day tenacity as a blocker, all the more reason why he should thrive if moved to the inside of the line. His footwork as an edge blocker lends well to his projectability to guard in terms of pulling and working up field to block linebackers.
								Cornick does not seem capable of playing outside as a tackle in the NFL at this point in his career. In pass protection, he sits very tall, and although he hasn't had anchor issues, it's likely he could get blown back by bigger defensive ends when using this technique. Paul is limited athletically and will have to make an impression through strength and competitiveness; his ability to adapt to the speed of the pro game will be the driving force behind his development and transition from North Dakota State.
							
2012	John Cullen	2533446	T	Utah	Cullen started for two years at Utah after earning the starting spot in his first camp after being the top JuCo prospect in the nation in 2010. He enjoyed a quick descent and development of his skills at Utah, and his potential is a key value to his draft-ability. He is a strong, natural lineman who looks comfortable playing from the tackle position. 	Cullen understands how to play the position and looks natural in terms of proper angling, pad placement, and pass setting. Although rigid, he is an explosive mover and can easily chip an end before working up field to fit on a linebacker in the screen game. He is a smart mover in the open field and can fit on his blocks well. He has a strong anchor that has potential to develop and could even thrive if moved inside to guard where his height isn't a liability. Cullen has been a reliable run blocker for a productive Utah offense and has been durable since arriving on campus.
								Cullen isn't natural in terms of bend and flexibility. He relies on explosion and smart angles to be an effective blocker but isn't the most athletic prospect at his size and has trouble at times in and out of his stance to keep balance and maintain power and leverage. He likes to fit on his blocks and position well, and he is generally a good mirror player from this position. Cullen will struggle as a rigid, reactionary blocker in the NFL.
							
2012	Taylor Dever	2533447	T	Notre Dame	Dever started at tackle for Notre Dame in his senior year, and he displayed some traits that garner some late-round consideration. He plays with his pad level too high, an obvious hitch in his game, but he has a strong anchor and fought to win many one-on-one battles throughout the year. He will have to hope to be given an opportunity to develop in the right situation in the NFL, as he could be years away from being able to compete on game days. 	Dever exposes his frame immediately out of his stance, but once rushers are into his space he usually does a good job of anchoring and keeping a base enough to sustain a block. He displays decent technique in his pass set and fights to maintain a grip on his man despite rarely having leverage. He is a mauler in the run game and continues to develop his game.
								Dever can get caught off balance at times against fast bull rushers, as he stands straight up out of his stance on the snap. At times an oncoming rusher can get leverage on him to win at the point. He would have a tough time early on against physical, leverage-seeking pass rushers and will need to overhaul his technique to be able to even be competitive in camp.
							
2012	Drake Dunsmore	2533448	TE	Northwestern	Dunsmore is an intriguing offensive weapon from Northwestern, a college tight end who shows the frame and skill set to be used in a variety of ways at the next level. Much like Chris Cooley in Washington, or the development of Aaron Hernandez this year in New England, Dunsmore has the ability to be a threat from various spots on the field and be a reliable short-yardage option to pick up first downs and create mismatches.	Dunsmore has good size to work out of the slot and the backfield. He has decent speed. He isn't much of a mismatch against linebackers, but he has the uncanny ability to separate from defenders and secure a catch. He is a good route runner in the short-to-intermediate game, where he knows how to throttle it down and exploit the zone of a defense or box out on a defender and use his frame to get just enough space to secure a catch. He is a decent up field runner who has just enough power and shake to make a man miss or carry a pile for a first down. He is a technical route runner who uses all he has to simply get open every time he is targeted with the ball.
								Dunsmore is not a very powerful runner after the catch. He can do just enough with the ball in his hands to be reliable, but he shouldn't be an option in the offense to be relied on for deep plays. He is limited as a run blocker and, although he fits the build to play special teams, he hasn't shown much there throughout his career. He simply might not be enough of an athlete to create true mismatches at the next level the way he did at Northwestern.
							
2012	Adam Gettis	2533449	G	Iowa	Gettis started for only one year consistently at Iowa after logging just three starts prior to his senior year. He is a severely undersized, yet smart and competitive blocker who stood out this year for Iowa as the leader of the line and usually was run behind often in the Hawkeyes' run-heavy scheme. It will be much more difficult for him to overcome his size deficiencies at the next level; if he can't put on at least 10 to 15 pounds of weight, he could struggle against the league's top interior defensive lineman.	Gettis is quick off the ball and uses his initial explosion as a tactic to overcome size deficiencies. He consistently gets into his man first when pass blocking and is a good overall blocker because of it. He wins with leverage, which is often the only way to gain an advantage on bigger foes. Gettis is very polished in his hand and footwork, and understands pad and helmet placement's importance in gaining a blocking advantage. His quick feet allow him to be a very mobile and versatile blocker.
								Gettis is very undersized, and this will force many teams to do a cross-examination of his play. Although he is a big-time player on film, some teams could have issues with drafting a lineman who is well under the average size in the NFL, where in 2011 the average was just over 300 pounds. Aside from size, Gettis doesn't generate much of a push off the ball into his man and relies heavily on footwork to make effective blocks.
							
2012	Lamar Holmes	2533450	T	Southern Miss	Holmes is a massive offensive tackle from Southern Miss who carries his 320 pounds well and is a deceptive athlete. He continued to improve his technique throughout his career and looked like an NFL player in his senior year. He has good natural strength and could be selected in the later rounds.	Holmes has good natural strength and an anchor to stall bull rushers at the point of attack. He has an evenly proportioned body throughout his 6-foot-6 frame and looks the part of a starting NFL tackle. He doesn't have a lot of range in his pass set, but he generally gets good enough position to sustain his man. He can move his feet fairly well for his size and mirror with quicker rushers.
								Holmes has a bad habit of stopping his feet on contact, which works in pass protection but leaves him vulnerable when pulling or blocking against the run. His feet don't coincide with his hands when engaged on a block, and he will need to learn to eat up grass in the run game or he will get plays blown up at his expense at the next level.
							
2012	John Hughes	2533451	DT	Cincinnati	Hughes is a fifth-year senior from Cincinnati who started for two years at defensive tackle. He has the size to compete inside at the next level, but he lacks athletic ability and has been rather unproductive to this point in his career. He could get selected in a later round by a team that falls in love with him, but he is more likely to get a shot as a free agent. The pre-draft process will be of extra importance for Hughes, as he needs to prove he has the skills to match his frame.	Hughes is a big man who until his senior year had mostly been a gap-filler in a scheme that valued him as a frontline player. He uses his hands well to stay off blocks and displays good technique. He can defeat single blocks fairly easily and plays with good instincts. It's obvious that he is diagnosing plays early after recognizing blocking schemes.
								Hughes has numerous issues in his play that, if not fixed early, could severely limit his pro prospects. He seems lazy at times and rarely chases plays down on the perimeter. As a run defender, he is capable of getting through blocks but often looks shell-shocked once he gets in the backfield. He needs to finish with more force; at times Hughes would be neutralized by offensive linemen because of his poor effort and pad placement.
							
2012	Cam Johnson	2533452	DE	Virginia	Johnson is a three-year starter at defensive end for Virginia who enjoyed a very productive career. He played his first two years at outside linebacker before moving to end, although his current size doesn't necessarily suggest positional versatility at the next level. He has solidified himself as an end in a 4-3 scheme at the next level since he excels at many things that coaches utilizing 9-technique players desire at the position.	Johnson is a good athlete who moves well for an end his size. He has the foot quickness and explosive first step to keep offensive tackles off balance, and has the body control to work his moves and not be thrown off track by linemen. He is a classic 4-3 defensive end who excels at rushing the passer to the 9 gap, the most outside shade of the line. But he can sit, engage with the tackle shed that block when pursuing run plays. He is a face-up tackler who can fill his lane in run support and keep his gap integrity, despite the inclination to rush the passer every down. He uses his hands actively when rushing the passer and playing against the run, and he gives good effort in pursuit on the backside. He is strong enough to hold the edge for his linebackers to flow to their gaps.
								The scouting report on Johnson will recommend geting an extra hand or body on him at all times to completely neutralize him. At Virginia, he struggled against double teams. The problem usually stemmed from his effort, considering he displays the strength and technique to elude blocks when facing a single blocker. He will give up at times if he notices an extra blocker near him. He will need to learn how to bring it on every down in the NFL.
							
2012	Steve Johnson	2533453	OLB	Kansas	Johnson is a fifth-year player who didn't start for Kansas until his senior year. He was a former walk-on who worked his way to a scholarship and eventually a starting role, which is a testament to his key attribute as an NFL prospect: competitiveness and smarts. Johnson makes up for athletic hitches in his play by keying into the offense and flying around at top speed. He could get drafted late, but regardless stands a shot to make a roster as an immediate special teams contributor.	Johnson has good instincts to get his body to the ball. He has an ability to read blocking schemes and work to fill his gaps. He meets opposing offensive linemen with leverage so that he can maintain his run responsibilities and stay active in the play. He keeps blockers away from him both high, by using his hands, and at his feet, by bending down. He is a strong player who gets a lot of production by keeping blockers off him and understanding where they're coming from, a trait highly attractive to coaches of 3-4 schemes.
								Johnson will have to overcome the perception that he isn't physically talented enough to make it at the next level. There are various aspects to his game where he struggles, mainly in pass coverage. In both man-to-man and zone coverages, Johnson could have his athletic ability exploited in space in the NFL. He doesn't have the speed, footwork, or hip fluidity to cover some of the more athletic players at the next level. He will have to be drafted within a particular scheme that fits his needs in order to find success early.
							
2012	Ronald Leary	2533454	G	Memphis	Leary is a big offensive lineman who was a three-year starter for Memphis and a stalwart at the end of his career. Although he played outside at tackle throughout his collegiate career, he projects as an NFL guard, where his height (just over 6-foot-3) won't be as much of a hindrance to him. He performed well in the run game and will always have the frame to compete against interior defensive linemen. He could be selected in the later rounds out of team need, but he is more likely to get a shot as an undrafted free agent.	Leary is reliable to keep his man sustained in pass protection. He is a heavy-legged mover, however, and he relies on reactionary movements and upper body strength to recover from a shallow pass set. He uses his hands well in both pass protection and run blocking, and he keeps a strong grip and generates movement once engaged. He uses his frame well and keeps himself in an uncompromising position at all times. Although not a "pretty" blocker, Leary is extremely competitive and was routinely seen working downfield at the end of plays to keep his blocks going and get extra hits. His competitiveness will be the driving trait that keeps him on an NFL roster.
								Leary is a classic heavy, laboring mover. He could benefit from a move inside, as he could struggle in getting into an effective pass set in the NFL. He is slow off the ball and rarely shows much explosion into his man. Although he didn't show it much at Memphis, he had difficulties maneuvering around trash at his legs and getting free to the second level to block linebackers. There aren't necessarily technical hitches in Leary's play, but his heavy, slow feet inhibit his ability to move and be effective on the line.
							
2012	Jonathan Massaquoi	2533455	DE	Troy	Massaquoi was the preseason Sun Belt Conference Defensive Player of the Year, but stopped collecting awards and accolades after that point. He put an "above average" season on film and is a middle- or late-round prospect. He is hurt by the fact that he is such a tweener, playing defensive end in college at 250 pounds without showing the type of athletic ability that would intrigue a 3-4 team to move him to outside linebacker. Massaquoi's stock will depend on his pre-draft workout numbers -- he could be selected nearly anywhere.	Massaquoi has very long arms, which are a major source of intrigue to NFL talent evaluators. Long arms enable him to keep blockers at bay and employ a number of different pass rush moves. Massaquoi would benefit from staying on the line at end where he can use his arms in tight quarters to keep an advantage on offensive tackles and keep his chest clean of blocks. If he is moved to linebacker, Massaquoi has shown the ability to cover in short areas and fly out to cover the flats and running backs out of the backfield. If Massaquoi is selected prior to the fourth round, it will be because teams fell in love with his ability to extend his arms, set the edge and play off that space that he creates for himself.
								Massaquoui is a very stiff, elongated defender who struggles to move fluidly in space. Off the snap, he doesn?t have the innate burst or speed to get outside of offensive tackles using a speed rush. Although his bull rush was effective in college, he doesn't have the natural strength to use power moves and win at the next level. Massaquoi looks unnatural in a three-point stance, an alignment that really illuminates his stiffness. He is a stiff edge setter who was able to bull rush his way to sacks in the Sun Belt and could face an extended developmental period at the next level.
							
2012	Rennie Moore	2533456	DT	Clemson	Moore had more than 100 tackles in his career at Clemson despite starting sparingly, and has the frame and natural ability to be successful as a defensive end in a 4-3 scheme at the next level. While he doesn't stand out as a pass rusher, Moore is a good athlete and does enough of the little things right when working against the run to bring value to a defense at the next level. He will, like most, need to solidify himself as an athlete capable of playing the 9-technique. He could be selected in the late rounds of the draft.	Moore has a built upper body and can use his hands to keep blockers off him. He is quicker than he is explosive off the ball. He isn't going to bull rush, but he can gain an edge with his speed and footwork. Moore is technically sound with his feet and hands and relies on them to rush from the 9-technique position. If he fixes certain hitches in his game, he has the skill set to be an effective edge rusher at the next level.
								Moore is not a very powerful lineman. He struggles to hold the edge of the defense to keep runs inside, and he won't be very strong at the point of attack against NFL linemen. He does not have the versatility to rush from the linebacker position in the 3-4, so he will need to add weight on an underdeveloped frame to give himself a chance at the next level to be a starter. Notching barely more than eight sacks in a career in the ACC as a pass-rush specialist does not garner a top pick on paper, and Moore hasn't displayed enough athletic ability or potential at this point to suggest he will be able to top those numbers in the NFL. He struggles providing support against the run and would likely need to be a sub-package rusher early on in his career until he can develop his game.
							
2012	Alfred Morris	2533457	RB	Florida Atlantic	Morris is a thick running back out of Florida Atlantic who was productive throughout his career as a featured back. Morris is a bit of a tweener -- not big enough to be a physically imposing back in the NFL, but far from fast or athletic enough to impress with his athleticism. He is a serviceable runner who at best could carry a load like BenJarvus Green-Ellis of New England, but he will have to prove he has the speed and athleticism to deserve a shot. He carries late-round or free-agent value.	Morris is a bit underdeveloped in his legs despite his frame, but he runs low and can get to the hole with a decent burst. He is a natural runner between the tackles who can feel and avoid pressure or wait for his seam to develop. He is deceptively agile in short areas to avoid clean hits on him through the initial three yards of a play, and he plays much faster when tasked with finding daylight in a short area. He has a sense of urgency in the backfield with all that he does. He is capable of blocking in pass protection at the next level if his willingness matches his ability.
								Morris doesn't have NFL speed and will need to define himself more as a runner if he wants to make enough of an impression in a camp. He has the natural ability within the tackles to be successful, but at the NFL seams and holes are harder to come by and arm tackles difficult to avoid. Morris will need to prove himself as a thumper early, or else he will just be considered a situational back who doesn't possess enough quality traits to deserve a roster spot. 
							
2012	Chaz Powell	2533458	CB	Penn St.	Powell is a late-rising prospect who only moved over to the defensive side of the ball during the 2010 season after failing to solidify himself as a receiver. Has an impressive frame for the position and has shown potential as a cover guy. Brings value to a team as a return specialist. Has the type of natural ability to be a hidden gem late in the draft.	Powell is a gifted athlete who displays a good burst and vision as a returner. As a corner, he is comparable playing in both man and zone, and possesses the innate physical traits to develop within both schemes. Can recover well on deep balls, and is fairly fluid in his hips when running with a receiver.
								Powell is still developing as a corner and teams will have to assume he will fill a void as a returner early on to justify a pick on him. Still working out certain flaws in his erect backpedal and overall footwork. 
							
2012	Nathan Stupar	2533459	OLB	Penn St.	Stupar started sparingly throughout his career at Penn State but was active and productive when he did get playing time. He emerged as one of the leaders on a strong PSU defense in 2011. Like many PSU linebacker alums, Stupar is a competitive, technically sound player who should be able to contribute in some capacity for an NFL team early on. He will be a strong special teams candidate and could push to make a roster as a backup.	Stupar has a high football IQ that is evident pre-snap and all the way through run plays. He can diagnose plays early and fill his gap with good overall athleticism. He has deceptive speed and can meet ball carriers at the edge. He has extensive special teams work which will cater to him being successful early on in the NFL. He comes from an NFL pedigree and wouldn't look out of place in an NFL locker room this year. He has value as a pass rusher and can work within a zone scheme to defend against the pass.
								Stupar is undersized for the OLB position and can get engulfed by linemen at the second level and stonewalled at the point of attack. He will have a difficult time shedding blocks in the NFL and has limited starting experience at the position. He has a tendency to over-pursue, and at times can take poor angles to the ball. Stupar still looked like he was adapting to the position in his senior year.
							
2012	Robert Turbin	2533460	RB	Utah St.	Turbin has been a productive back, consistently rushing for over 100 yards per game. Good size. He remains a bit of an unknown, but should excite throughout the pre-draft process with his athletic ability and could go as early as the second round.	Turbin is very athletic. Has the size to be a thumper inside, but moves more like a shifty, quick back. Has very quick feet that he employs to stop and start instantaneously out of the backfield. Has a big frame that gets to full speed fast. A classic downhill runner who can run through linebackers and carry the pile. Was a threat throughout his career in the pass game. Has the speed, athleticism, and durability to wear down an NFL defense for an entire game. 
								The only thing that could keep Turbin off the field for an NFL offense early is his pass blocking. At Utah State, Turbin would whiff on blockers at times. The problem is his technique; he tends to get off balance and blown back into the passer. Cut blocks were an issue for him as well.
							
2012	Chris Givens	2533532	WR	Wake Forest	Givens is an early-entry junior out of Wake Forest where he was a first-team All-ACC selection this past year. He has adequate size and is a blazing straight-line runner who looks similar to Philadelphia's Jeremy Maclin with his movements in-route. He relies heavily on his speed in all he does and is the type of receiver capable of taking a speed-out and cutting up field to daylight. He is a polished player who could be selected late in the first round; he has all the traits to be a productive NFL receiver and an immediate No. 2 option.	Givens is an elite deep threat receiver who is fluid and quick off the ball. He can eat up a defensive backs cushion in a few steps to get them on their heels, and then accelerates in a very controlled, explosive motion. He adjusts well to balls in front or behind him, and he can make all the catches necessary at full speed. Givens has obvious field awareness and routinely would get behind corners in Cover 2 before throttling down for a quick back-shoulder throw before a safety can get there. He can get jammed on occasion at the line but usually wins with a jab step and speed. He has excellent footwork at full speed to change directions or drag his feet along the sideline. 
								Givens can get jammed at the line of scrimmage when he doesn't ignite a quick jab step or if an explosive corner shock jams him quick enough. He often gets caught looking over his shoulder and gets alligator arms going across the middle. He is a tough player but far from physical. Givens gives little effort as a blocker in the run game and is only capable of being a decoy or running off his man.
							
2012	Rueben Randle	2533533	WR	LSU	Randle is an early-entry junior out of LSU who has become a late riser in this year's class. He burst onto the scene in the past year-and-a -alf as the go-to option for LSU's quarterbacks and was limited by inconsistent quarterback play all year. He is an impressive athlete and stands to significantly increase his value if he can showcase it leading up to the draft.	Randle is a tall receiver who is well put together, more so than his frame would suggest. He displays good balance throughout his route and leans on his defender well to create separation at the breakoff point. He is learning how to work routes downfield and is a strong catcher of both high and low balls. He has good flexibility in his routes to turn to the ball and really came along as a junior with his overall field awareness and ability to diagnose coverages to find his spots in zones.
								Randle is still developing many of his skills and will be more a "betting on the come" prospect. He still looked uncomfortable running some routes within his route tree and isn't to a point where he is actively thinking about how to sell his corner on every play to lend to his own separation. He will take his eye off the ball across the middle and is inconsistent with his physicality. He isn't a real sudden, explosive mover and could be blanketed early on in his career.
							
2012	Olivier Vernon	2533534	DE	Miami	Vernon elected to enter the draft early after a disappointing senior year in which he only started three games after slowly coming back from an NCAA suspension. An undersized defensive end who will likely be moved to outside backer in a 3-4 defense where he has much more value. He excels as an edge rusher and has a serious opportunity to ascend throughout the pre-draft process given that he is a talented athlete. Second-round value.	Vernon is a strong and powerful athlete who gets good leverage to set the edge. Good vs. the run and can play from different alignments. A very competitive player who is capable of working sideline to sideline.
								Vernon is limited simply by his inexperience. Hasn't had many opportunities to cover in man and really struggled the few times he was asked to cover faster players.
							
2012	Janzen Jackson	2533535	FS	McNeese St.	Jackson is an early-entry junior out of little-known McNeese State in Louisiana. He transferred to McNeese after two years starting at Tennessee, leaving because of a fallout with the staff there. Jackson is an electric athlete who could make an immediate impression at the next level. He is sudden, quick twitched and fast enough to cover the deep half of the field against the SEC's best receivers. Teams may be put off by the issues surrounding his transfer history, but Jackson is an undeniable athlete who could contribute early at both the corner and safety position. He has third-round value with a strong opportunity to ascend.	Jackson is an impressive athlete who has a noticeable explosion in every step. He changes directions with ease and can move fluidly in his backpedal from both an erect position at safety and a more tradional drop at corner. He is a versatile defensive back who posseses all the traits to be an impact player from any position. As a potential safety, he has incredible range to recover and shows good instincts when breaking on the ball and delivering blows on ballcarriers. As a corner, he mirrors well and uses his arm length to keep receivers close to him.
								Jackson needs to improve his tackling technique, as he can fall off at times trying to deliver a big blow. He has worked at both the safety and corner positions and could be a bit undersized at safety to help in run support.
							
2012	Cliff Harris	2533536	CB	Oregon	Harris' value took a major shot in the months following a sophomore year at Oregon in which he was considered a top kick returner and was developing nicely at the corner position. After some off-the-field issues during the spring, Oregon's Chip Kelly suspended Harris indefinitely, and he never fully made his way out of the doghouse after returning to the field this year. He played sparingly in six games and never started, and he will have to do a lot throughout the pre-draft process to convince teams that he's the athlete and dynamic playmaker he was as a sophomore. 	Harris could excel early on as a zone corner, as he plays instinctually and has a vision and awareness about him, whether it be as a corner or returner. He is able to anticipate throws into his zone and breaks on the ball well. He has a thin frame at around 170 pounds, but he is a scrappy player around the ball and makes his presence felt by keeping his hands active and working to maul receivers at the beginning of their route. He doesn't employ a traditional backpedal, but he uses a shuffle step and is unconventional in how he flips his hips and stays with receivers. His shining trait is the ability to break on the ball and jump routes, and he is very keen on being able to watch the ball and react without being a risk to get beat. He is a talented, quicker-than-fast athlete who could be the best option at returner on most NFL teams.
								Harris has an extensive off-field history of troubles that really affected his ability to be productive on the field at Oregon. He is undersized and has a very thin frame; he could weigh in at under 170 pounds throughout the pre-draft process, which could be a red flag to evaluators. He is willing as a tackler but struggles to really thump and could have trouble there in the NFL. He is much more of a zone corner than man, and he could have technique issues if asked to play cover-zero.
							
2012	Stephen Hill	2533537	WR	Georgia Tech	Hill is an early-entry junior receiver out of Georgia Tech who started consistently for the past two years and was the sole deep threat in a run-first offense. He has great length and an outstanding catch radius, which along with his speed makes him a serious deep-threat option in the NFL. He has a thin frame and will be hurt by the fact that he ran a very basic route tree at Georgia Tech, and teams won't be able to utilize him for much more than go routes at this point in his career. He is a splash player who was No. 1 in the nation in yards per catch; he has fourth-round value based off his all-around body of work but could impress a team with his size and speed enough to ascend significantly throughout the pre-draft process. If the rest of his game can catch up to the ability he shows in the deep passing game, Hill could be the sleeper of this year's draft.	Hill will be a legitimate deep threat at the next level -- by recording nearly 30 yards per catch as a senior, he showed he was capable of going deep and scoring on every play. He consistently runs past corners on deep routes and is impressive at the point of the catch, as he is able to lay out for the ball or rise above his defender. Hill is a very good blocker who uses his length well and surprisingly doesn't get off-balance often, something that is usually evident of players with his frame. Though it's risky to throw early comparisons of Hall-of-Fame-caliber players on prospects that don't even garner first-round consideration, Hill could remind some of Randy Moss when it comes to running a pure, one-on-one deep route. 
								Hill's value is based purely off his ability as a deep threat. He has average quickness and moves off the line of scrimmage to avoid a jam. He ran a very basic route tree at Georgia Tech that didn't allow him to showcase many skills. Outside of catching jump balls, he struggles to read coverages and understand how to find holes in a zone. Hill looks uncomfortable with the ball in his hands and resembles a lengthy track star on the field instead of a football player. He dropped as many big balls as he made big plays; his YPC stat defines him perfectly as a player who is capable of making flash plays but isn't reliable.
							
2012	Chandler Jones	2533538	DE	Syracuse	Jones is an underclassman defensive end who has displayed good size and speed throughout his career at Syracuse. He suffered a knee injury that severely limited him in 2011 and will need to prove he's fully recovered throughout the pre-draft prospect to warrant the draft consideration that he's shown he's worthy of on the field. He should be selected somewhere in the third round. Though undersized, he is best served playing the end position in a 4-3 scheme.	Jones is undersized but finds numerous ways to overcome that shortcoming to be an effective end. He has the tools to stay on the line at the next level and work mostly out of a  5-technique position, as he excels at working in short areas and being a scrappy, active player in the box. He has a good wingspan and is a long strider, which gives him great range to run down outside runs. He uses his arms well to keep linemen at bay, and he displays good technique to defeat blocks through hand fighting. He is an effective tackler with a lot of range. Although Chandler tends to get upright immediately at the point of attack, he is a good pass rusher who plays to his strengths.
								Jones is undersized and could have issues against stronger offensive tackles. He is a long strider who takes too many steps to get to full speed and looks lost at times when diagnosing run plays. He is an effective player when moving decisively, but he can be out of place at times on the defensive line. Once in the backfield, he has trouble readjusting his body to get a clear path and burst toward the quarterback.
							
2012	Tommy Streeter	2533539	WR	Miami	Streeter started only one year at Miami. Has a very impressive frame and the speed to match, an will be capable of making splash plays for his team as a rookie in the NFL. Late third-round value with the opportunity to ascend. 	Streeter has premier tools to immediately stretch the field for an NFL offense. Has an elongated gate and is very comfortable sticking his foot in the ground to go up and get the football. Has really come on strong of late in his ability to separate from defenders in short/intermediate routes.
								Streeter needs to develop the technical parts of his game to be able to demand consistent playing time on the outside. He false steps often at the snap and has a below-average burst off the line, and although he uses his length well to avoid press, could have issues once teams start to get in his face at the line of scrimmage. Runs sloppy routes and isn't definitive in his movements. 
							
2012	Edwin Baker	2533540	RB	Michigan St.	Baker is an early-entry junior who was a full-time starter in 2010 but only sparingly in 2011. He is a straight-line runner who had a very productive sophomore year until he was beat out by a younger back this past year. He returned kicks for Michigan State but didn't display the type of ability to contribute there in the NFL.	Baker is a gradual accelerator who is good to get to the second level and through trash at the line of scrimmage. He is an inside runner who has a good feel and patience for blocks to develop. He is a willing blocker who has a decent base and ability to jolt oncoming rushers. 
								Baker's career has been on the decline ever since losing his job to a younger back at Michigan State. He has average strength and explosion and struggles to make plays on his own will. He needs a clear path to daylight to ignite his above-average speed, and that hasn't happened often in the past year. He has trouble sifting through tackles at the linebacker level and is a one-speed runner most of the time. He hasn't displayed the competitiveness and will that he did in 2010 for quite some time.
							
2012	Marcus Forston	2533541	DT	Miami	Forston is an early-entry junior who started for only one full season at Miami after missing 10 games in his first year with an injury. He never officially sought a medical redshirt as a freshman, and he only played consistently as a sophomore, where he was a very effective player starting 12 out of 13 games on the line. He suffered a knee injury during a practice early this year and missed the remaining 10 games, so experience and injury concerns highly effect his value.	Forston really excels working against the run, so much so that if he has the ability to put on weight, he potentially could be sought after by teams who run a 3-4 scheme and need a nose tackle to engulf blockers at the point of attack. As an athlete, he is impressive working against the run to work off blocks and get to the ball. He is quick off the snap and has noticeable power to work slants and stunts and get into the backfield to disrupt plays. Instincts are an issue for him, as he doesn't seem to read and react to offensive schemes well, but it's encouraging that the issues surrounding his play could be helped significantly with good coaching.
								Injuries are a major concern for Forston as he enters the draft. He had season-ending issues in his first and last year at Miami, and didn't play enough in his second year to put more than one solid season on tape. His ability to stay on the field for the long-term will be an issue, and even when healthy he had difficulties being a three-down player. He shows a ton of wasted energy in his movements trying to rush the passer and has a lot of room to improve in his technique. 
							
2012	Josh Robinson	2533542	CB	Central Florida	Robinson was a three-year starter with good ball skills and athletic ability. Has prototypical size and speed and has special-teams value. Will need to run well in the pre-draft process to stand out from countless other defensive back prospects; fifth-round value.	Robinson has displayed superb zone skills. Aside from length, where he is only average, he has all the traits sought after in a zone corner. Not as polished in man, he can run with receivers in the open field and will likely run in the 4.4 range at the combine. A reliable tackler in run support.
								Robinson struggled at times playing man coverage. He will hesitate at times when diagnosing throws or trying to read his man's hips, and will guess on jumping routes which could be a risk at the next level. Struggles to make plays in run support after shedding his man, and will need to be more assertive in that area of his game.
							
2012	Bobby Massie	2533543	T	Mississippi	Massie is a massive offensive tackle who was nearly a three-year starter for Ole Miss and chose to forgo his last year of eligibility. He is four years removed from high school after a year at the renowned Hargrave Military Academy. Massie was not a standout player in college and will have to find the right opportunity to land a spot on a roster as a rookie; he could get drafted late to a team with a need.	Size is Massie's best friend, as he was able to excel as a blocker in the run game simply from being able to maul his man and control from his girth. He rarely got blown back by defensive linemen in college and has a strong anchor that he sits nicely in after his pass set. He is more of a react-and-catch blocker who gets away with this technique solely because of his leg strength. He has decent range in his pass set and controls his man once engaged. 
								Massie is not a very dynamic athlete and is a slow-footed mover. He is not a natural bender and is rigid in many of his movements. He labors to work to the second level and and struggles when sifting through traffic to engage his man. He relies on catching his man as a blocker in pass protection and will get in trouble with that technique at the next level.
							
2012	Eric Page	2533544	WR	Toledo	Page is an early-entry junior out of Toledo who is an intriguing prospect given that he flew under the radar throughout his career. He is a very polished receiver on film who won't make any NFL teams purely off athletic ability, but it's obvious in his play that he understands the game and what it takes to succeed at the position. At a meager 5-foot-10 and 185 pounds, Page doesn't possess elite speed or quickness, but he draws value from his savvy working in the slot to be a dependable option for the quarterback. He would fill in nicely in a West Coast offense and could pressure for playing time in sub packages. He has value as a returner as well and could be selected in the fifth or sixth round.	Page plays faster than he will likely time, and he has a sense of urgency about him on the field. He is a smooth runner who can snap in and out of his breaks to gain separation, and he is a superb worker of speed cuts in the short passing game. Page employs many tactics that veteran undersized receivers use to gain separation against bigger, faster athletes -- by stemming his routes off the line, varying his speeds in-phase and showing just enough of a wiggle to keep a corner off him and gain separation. He can set up defenders in close areas to either subtly avoid or juke them, and he utilizes his field awareness and natural body control to get the necessary yards after the catch. Page has the skill set of a slower, more polished Eric Weems.
								Page is not a very fast receiver and doesn't display many athletic traits that would separate himself from the next receiver in a camp. He can lose focus at times and will need to learn that catching the ball across the middle in tight areas will be a key component of his ability to contribute.
							
2012	Bernard Pierce	2533545	RB	Temple	Pierce is an early-entry junior out of Temple who had a very productive career. He is an athletic back who had a tough time staying healthy at Temple, which could be a concern for teams looking to take him in the middle rounds. He has good vision and can cut back across the field when jammed up. He isn't very powerful and likely would excel working within a zone-blocking offense in which he can take one cut and go. He has middle-round value and could go as high as the third if he continues to showcase his athleticism.	Pierce is an upright, one-cut runner who has a good feel for working between the tackles. He is able to get a natural lean to cut up and avoid trash at the point of attack, and does a good job of bracing for contact to deliver blows. He is a natural mover in short areas who is capable of being productive in the right scheme. He can elude in space and has a feel for getting to daylight.
								Pierce won't be capable of many big-time plays due to his average speed, a trait that is usually sought-after for upright zone runners. He struggles to recognize blitzers and has a tough time with knee bend.
							
2012	Jewel Hampton	2533546	RB	Southern Illinois	Hampton is an early entry junior who transferred after three years at Iowa where he excelled as a freshman and was hampered by injuries the next two years. He was a decorated high school recruit who showed that ability again in his fourth year being the featured back in Southern's offense. He displayed the ability to handle the bulk of carries for a team and is an efficient back when given an opportunity. 	Hampton is a tireless runner who relies on his thick thighs and power to carry piles for yardage production. He is an inside runner who is quick off the snap to hit the hole. He is good to shuffle his body to avoid trash and get back in line to hit the hole. He is a sudden accelerator whose short area burst allows him to get to the second level quickly, where he has a little wiggle and serious power to force drag-tackles and gain an extra 3 yards after contact. He is a compact athlete who has deceptive speed in the open field. He has an ideal frame to block in pass protection and could be relied upon in that role as a rookie.
								Hampton has below-average speed for the position and will struggle to separate from defenders and break into the open field at the next level. He won?t be a team's best option as a receiver out of the backfield and will be a limited short-yardage player. There's a chance he could be productive in a featured role, but it's likely any team that selects him will simply have more athletically gifted backs in the stable.
							
2012	Donte Paige-Moss	2533547	DE	North Carolina	Paige-Moss is an athletic, inconsistent player capable of making splashy plays from the defensive end position. The junior declared for the draft out of North Carolina after a year in which he didn't start any games, but he showed some traits that are transferable to the NFL. He is the type of player who could enjoy a more successful pro career than collegiate. If he can continue to focus on his on-field development, Paige-Moss has some room to grow and is a versatile player along the front who can play from a number of different techniques. He is a late-round prospect with the opportunity to ascend.	Paige-Moss is explosive when decisive in his movements off the snap. When he has a pass-rush move set up, he has shown he has the foot quickness and strength to engage and shed, dip under a tackle or work his hands up into his opponent's chest with leverage to bull rush. He has a good burst to the ball and shows his true athleticism once in the backfield in pursuit of a quarterback. He has the body control to fend off blocks and keep his balance toward the ball. Paige-Moss is an active pass rusher who, when willing, is able to generate momentum into the backfield and disrupt plays. 
								Paige-Moss struggled to find the field consistently at North Carolina and didn't show the same willingness and drive on every down to warrant the high pick that his natural ability might suggest he should be. He is inconsistent against double teams, pursuing down the line and defeating blocks in general, all skill sets which are affected by one's effort. He will need to show much more consistency in his play to succeed in the NFL.
							
2012	Johnny Thomas	2533548	FS	Oklahoma St.	Thomas sat out the entire year after being disciplined by Oklahoma State. Has good size for the position and is polished in his technique as a zone cover man. Could be a future starter due to talent and could contribute early on special teams. Could get drafted late but will likely have to work through free agency. 	Thomas looks like an NFL safety when it comes to playing zone and filling in run support. Works well in space to react to plays and cover a lot of ground, and has the speed to catch up with deep routes at the next level. Is very active as a downhill thumper in run support.
								Thomas looks very unaware reacting to the ball considering he has such good positional awareness on the field otherwise. Can get lost when trying to play the man in coverage and can look unnatural at times. Not a good tackler.
							
2012	Darron Thomas	2533549	QB	Oregon	Thomas made a surprising decision to forgo his senior year and enter the NFL Draft following a 2012 season in which he led Oregon to a Rose Bowl victory. Only a year removed from appearing in the national championship game, Thomas had an extremely productive year. Has some intriguing aspects to his game and with a strong pre-draft process could have the ability to be taken as a flier in the late rounds.	There is something to be said for being able to run such a high-tempo spread option offense like the one run at Oregon. Thomas is an excellent game manager who ran an offense built around the quarterback controlling the pace and getting the ball to playmakers without making critical mistakes. Is deceptively big and strong, and at 6'3" 215 pounds actually has good size for the NFL. Can even add weight to his frame. Can make quick decisions with the ball and is an accurate passer in the short to intermediate game. A threat as a runner and is able to get zip on some of his balls.
								Thomas has technical issues in his throwing motion that will need to be addressed for him to stand a chance at the next level. Although he releases the ball at a nice high point, he has a lot of wasted motions that delay the timing of routes. Often made easy, dump-off throws within Oregon's offense and wasn't relied upon to put the ball in tight spots. Not the open-field athlete that his pocket movements might suggest. Need to develop a quicker release.
							
2012	Phillip Thomas	2533550	FS	Syracuse	Thomas started every game the past two years. Is undersized for the position, yet had 85 tackles and six interceptions in 2011. He excels in run support and although he wasn't used on special teams in college, is a likely special teams candidate due to his superb tackling skills and overall physicality. Could go undrafted, but has a good chance of making a 53-man roster.	Thomas is a competitive and active safety who is very physical in run support. He has good, urgent foot speed in the open field when playing zone and can keep receivers off their route with his physicality in man.
								Thomas struggles playing the ball and lacks awareness when cut loose in the open field to cover receivers. He could be a liability in coverage as he takes risks and is quick to bite on double moves, and doesn't have the change of direction or burst to recover when beat. 
							
2012	Max Holloway	2533551	DE	Boston College	Holloway is an undersized defensive end who elected to forgo his last year of eligibility after redshirting as a freshman at Boston College. His best fit is as an outside linebacker in the increasingly-popular 3-4 scheme, as he would have troubles working against the size of NFL tackles in close. He is a good athlete who likely would work well out in space, but he is a late-round prospect and a low-floor, low-ceiling player who will have to fight his way onto an NFL roster.	Holloway is quick off the snap and can get bigger tackles off balance by immediately getting into their chests. He can shed blocks quickly when working against the run and uses an effective swim move to stay free and active. He can open up his stride in pursuit and uses his hands well at the point of attack. Holloway is an active box player who uses his quickness and technique well to beat bigger linemen. When he gets a clear lane to the ball, he is able to ignite a burst that stands out on film.
								Holloway is undersized and has difficulties defending the run. He lacks strength and unless can get engulfed fairly easy since he struggles to disengage. He could have trouble setting the edge in the NFL and could be a liability on run downs early on; he likely will be a situational player working only in sub-nickel packages.
							
2012	Darrell Scott	2533552	RB	South Florida	Scott was the consensus top recruit out of high school in Southern California and has had to rely on that name to get playing time throughout his career, as he has struggled to develop and become a consistent starter. After a disappointing stint at Colorado, Scott sat out his third year of college before starting eight of 11 games for South Florida in 2011. A big back but needs to learn to use his frame to his advantage and play with power; he has late-ound value at this point.	Scott is a powerful runner with good thickness throughout his legs. He can carry piles and punish linebackers at the second level, albeit only at times when he chooses power over agility. When he is decisive, he hits the hole well and accelerates through the line of scrimmage. He can run through arm tackles and is serviceable as a blocker in pass protection.
								Scott is slow off the snap and takes a few yards to get his big body moving into the line. Has a tendency to false step and be inefficient with his feet in the backfield, and is not capable of making plays on his own without blocking. He is a purely inside runner who lacks acceleration. 
							
2012	Mike Ball	2533553	RB	Nevada	Ball rushed for over 700 yards as a junior before being dismissed from the team for internal issues, forcing him to declare early. He started only five of nine games for Nevada and was an inconsistent player. He has good size for the position and could find himself working into a role on special teams, but he will likely go undrafted and have to compete for a position in camp.	Ball has a natural feel when working in between the tackles and has a nice shuffle step that he employs to get linebackers off him. He can get the edge at times on a defense and has some power in his legs to carry piles. He is a very willing blocker, and a physical all-around player with the tools to contribute on special teams.
								Ball will have a long road to making an NFL team, as he simply hasn't done enough throughout college to warrant enough attention, and he doesn't possess the type of raw athletic ability that teams are willing to take a flier on. He is a situational player who will have to benefit from the right opportunity to make a team.
							
2013	Jesse Williams	2539192	DT	Alabama	Williams? family in Brisbane, Australia was so proud of his accomplishments and Alabama?s BCS championship that eight members of the clan (including his mother and father) were tattooed with the school?s logo and Jesse?s jersey number (54). That isn?t a big surprise to anyone seeing the vast amount of ink all over Williams? body, which could be seen as an indication of the dedication and toughness he shows on the field on an every-down basis -? giving him a chance at a long NFL career. 	Brute nose tackle (though he plays some five-technique) with a very good motor. Solid two-gap player who keeps his eyes in the backfield to find the ball. Plays with leverage, gets under the pads of his man to hold the line or push him into the backfield. Has enough quickness and power off the snap to pop off his blocker and grab backs heading outside or coming through the middle. Uses quick hands to swipe aside lunging blockers to penetrate into the backfield. Stays upright against cut blocks and gives second effort to get up when on the ground. Gets low with power in short-yardage situations. Also hustles to the sideline to chase scrambling quarterbacks and stretch plays when fresh. Pushes the pocket a bit as a pass rusher, and will work past lesser blockers? shoulders into the backfield. Cleans up piles, sending linebackers flying.
								Not an exceptional athlete, relies on hustle and strength to make plays. Lacks the quickness and agility to be a regular factor in pass rush or corral quicker ballcarriers in space. Thick in the middle and a bit thinner in the legs; plays top-heavy, ends up on the ground too often. Gets caught up on blocks at times inside, lacking hand and foot quickness to disengage to make the play.
							
2013	Nico Johnson	2539193	ILB	Alabama	Johnson?s mother, Mamie, passed away in June of 2010 at the age of 49 due to long-term complications of diabetes. Head coach Nick Saban and dozens of Alabama players showed their support by attending the funeral in Andalusia, a three and a half-hour trip from Tuscaloosa. Saban even spoke at the service, stating ?Miss Mamie made me promise to make sure he did the things he needed to do to be successful. It?s not hard because of the job she did raising him.?	Assignment-sure pounder between the tackles who plays with attitude. Usually responsible for taking on fullback and lineman blocks in the middle to free up teammates, but can use his hands to hold them off (when not sliding under) and shed to make plays. Shows enough speed to test guards? quickness on blitzes. Relatively light on his feet in his coverage drops, can stay with tight ends and running backs in coverage. Good hustle, will chase running backs to the sideline and plays 10-15 yards downfield after coming on a blitz.
								Lunch-pail player who hasn?t yet shown great playmaking ability. Lacks straight-line speed to recover once behind a step in coverage or juked at the line of scrimmage, will also struggle to get angle on backs before they turn upfield at the next level.
							
2013	Chance Warmack	2539194	OG	Alabama	Alabama running backs Mark Ingram and Trent Richardson have received deserved acclaim for their production over the past three seasons, two of which ended with Tide head coach Nick Saban holding the crystal football signifying a BCS championship. One of the big reasons for the success of the team?s running attack, figuratively and literally, is the play of Warmack.	Thick interior player. Possesses a strong punch to shock oncoming defenders and consistently extends his arms to keep them at bay in pass protection. Strong lower half helps his anchor against bull rushes. Mobile enough to effectively trap and pull, regularly negates targets coming into the hole and flattens defensive backs in his path. Practiced fitting on linebackers on combo blocks. Brings attitude on every play, constantly keeps his hands and feet moving when drive-blocking, rolling his hips through contact, and looking to pancake his man whenever possible. Doesn?t have the quickest feet, but is very technically sound and uses his strong punch to stop defenders and his length to mirror. Drives interior defensive tackle off the ball on base blocks. Has handled a number of dominating college defensive lineman with ease.
								Pops straight up out of his stance at times, losing leverage battle against better tackles on occasion. Has foot speed to get out in front of screens but will miss targets and lacks the short area quickness to adjust to defenders on the move. Will stop his feet after first contact at times. Does not elite recovery speed to stop secondary rushes from quicker defensive linemen. Not asked to be a puller for Alabama?s zone-heavy run scheme.
							
2013	Barrett Jones	2539195	OG	Alabama	The key to Barrett Jones? lengthy career at Alabama has been versatility. Alabama head coach Nick Saban has compared the four year starter to NFL great Bruce Matthews, who famously played all five offensive line positions in the NFL. Jones, too, played all five offensive line positions during his four years starting at Alabama. The medical redshirt was made necessary by an injury to his right shoulder three games into his first year on campus. He then started all 14 contests at right guard as a redshirt freshman for Nick Saban's first BCS champion Tide squad in 2009. For his redshirt sophomore season, Jones earned third-team All-American honors from the Associated Press, as well as first-team All-SEC mention from league media for his play as a sophomore. He started 11 games that year, missing the final two regular season contests with a high ankle sprain. He earned third-team All-American honors from the Associated Press, as well as first-team All-SEC mention from league media for his play as a sophomore. He started 11 games that year, missing the final two regular season contests with a high ankle sprain.	Possesses NFL size for an interior player. Solid pass protector whether playing inside or outside, plays with a wide base, mirrors and anchors effectively by keeping his feet moving and extends his arms to stay engaged. Good hip extension in the run game. Gets correct angle to create running lane when blocking on the move, can also create space inside by moving his man out of the hole using his hands and bulk. Able to seal the tackle and then work to linebackers close to the line on combo blocks. Can reach the 3-technique defensive tackle from the center spot. Fits on second-level blocks very well in the run game. Very good football and general intelligence. Great awareness of late blitzers and twist stunts, and he gives excellent effort to reach free rushers so his quarterback stays upright.
								Limited athlete who will be at his best on the inside at the next level. Tends to stop his feet and lunge at pass rushers on the edge. Top-heavy, upright runner on pulls without great foot speed. Gets to the second level well, but can struggle tracking and adjusting to moving targets. Quicker linebackers and defensive backs jump around his lunges if he is unable to get his hands on their numbers. Inconsistent firing out of his stance and staying low on short-yardage plays. Hand placement improved in his senior season, but he has soft hands with a limp punch. Doesn?t play with a mean streak. Can get complacent and will fight for initial position, but doesn?t finish blocks and allows his man to disengage too often. Prone to making his initial block and then ball-watching instead of finding a second target. Has a lengthy injury history (but shows the toughness to play through them) and will need to check out medically.
							
2013	Robert Lester	2539196	FS	Alabama	Spring football awards don?t necessarily affect the draft stock of NFL prospects, but teams will pay attention when a productive defender like Lester beats out the slew of NFL-caliber Crimson Tide players to share the Sylvester Croom Commitment to Excellence Award with Outland Trophy winner Barrett Jones. Ranking among the most important players in a program coming off a BCS championship season should carry some weight.	NFL-caliber size and length. Possesses strong hands, height and vertical to high-point passes in jump-ball situations. Can also drop to the ground quickly to get his hands underneath low throws. Sticks his nose into the run game, drops his hips to stop the momentum of churning running backs up the middle. Finds creases to explode through as a blitzer. Uses his long, strong arms to trip up and wrap up ballcarriers coming into his area or wrestle them down from behind. Good hustle in coverage, will track down receivers over the middle.
								Not a quick-twitch athlete. High and stiff in his backpedal. Does not have elite hip flexibility to break down quickly as a tackler or turn and run with receivers downfield. Takes time to get to the sideline at times in cover-two and will take incorrect angles to the ball as a tackler and in coverage. Won?t catch faster receivers in trail coverage over the middle. Often doesn't take the proper angle to the ball in the run and pass game. Inconsistent.
							
2013	Michael Williams	2539197	TE	Alabama	Scouts aren?t going to confuse Williams with former Crimson Tide receiver-turned-Pro Football Hall of Fame tight end Ozzie Newsome ?- but his receiving and blocking ability might remind them of Howard Cross, another Tide alum who started for the New York Giants for most of the 1990s.	Flashes the hands and athletic ability to high-point passes over defenders, and is tough enough to work in traffic over the middle. Biggest contributions are as a run blocker, seals defensive ends inside on off-tackle plays in regular two tight end sets by consistently crashing the edge. Also effective moving his feet while engaged to get angle on backside rushers, especially when effectively using his strong hands. 
								Straight-line speed might prove to be an issue; slow coming out of his stance and quite heavy-legged when lumbering down the field. Won?t elude or run away from defenders in his proximity after the catch. Quicker edge rushers give him troubles at times, as he doesn?t maintain his bend and will stop his feet instead of mirroring; eventually bends at the waist or is left behind by ends on their way to the quarterback. Used at H-back at times but lacks the flexibility to cut down or adjust to targets in space. Could get his hands inside more consistently when blocking to control his man.
							
2013	Brandon Magee	2539198	OLB	Arizona State	Although Magee still has collegiate eligibility, he?s been drafted three times ?- by Major League Baseball teams. The Boston Red Sox picked him in the 23rd round (No. 721 overall) in 2012 after previously being selected by the Oakland Athletics (21st round, 2011) and Tampa Bay Rays (29th, 2008). His statistics in three years with the Sun Devils? ball club, however, weren?t exceptional; he hit just .103 in 29 at-bats in 27 games. Given the productivity, strength and athleticism he showed on the gridiron his first three years at ASU, it seems as though his future might lie in the National Football League.	A plus athlete, possessing excellent speed and agility for his thick, compact build. Reliable open field tackler when keeping his feet, using his foot quickness, tenacity and strength to stop receivers and backs quickly after contact. Excellent movement skills greatly aid his coverage ability, can cover slot receivers and running backs alike. Strong zone presence, taking away an out route then crashing down on the underneath receiver in a hurry. Thick lower body allows him to plug holes and hold his ground when necessary, also brings power in his punch to shock linemen attempting to reach him at the second level. His speed and agility also makes him a dangerous blitzer off the edge.
								Achilles injury appeared to take some of his speed and man coverage skills. Lack of height will hurt his draft stock with some teams, gives up several inches to tight ends and larger receivers who he?ll be covering. Average length hurts him against linemen blocks. Often leaves his feet to make tackles and gets overaggressive attacking ballcarriers, allowing back to elude him with a quick cut. Needs to focus on football, setting aside baseball, in order to succeed at the next level.
							
2013	Cameron Marshall	2539199	RB	Arizona State	Greg Marshall has worked as a strength and conditioning coach at the NFL and college levels, so it?s no surprise that his son possesses the power and speed to make an impact on Sundays. It looked as though Cameron also inherited the toughness gene from his father, as well, as he cleared 1,000 yards in 2011 while playing through a preseason right ankle injury on which he had surgery after the season.	Overall thickness correctly predicts his tough running between the tackles; his lean and powerful legs make him difficult to bring down without his carrying a tackler for an extra yard or two. Makes cuts on stretch plays to get going north-south and has the vision to cut outside when he sees and feels space outside. Keeps his options open when running into traffic up the middle, occasionally coming out of the pile to find room outside. Possesses enough shake to get past a stunned linebacker in space, as well as the speed to take advantage of a running lane for a 20-25 yard run before safeties chase him down. Generally does a nice job in pass protection, finding a defender to hit, dropping his hips, and moving his feet to mirror. Worthy pass receiver, especially dangerous when flaring out into the flat and using his size to run over or shimmy to elude smaller defenders outside.
								NFL-quality defenders stuff Marshall?s attempts to head east-west, as he lacks the lateral elusiveness to create his own space. His lean is also inconsistent, will be upright hitting a hole or when trying to bounce outside. Fought a bum ankle in 2011, slowing down his ability to explode from his cuts and take full advantage of his speed. Could improve his anchor, though, and will ineffectively dive at the feet of blitzers at times. 
							
2013	Jamal Miles	2539200	WR	Arizona State	Despite rushing for 2,168 yards and 29 touchdowns as a senior in Peoria, Arizona (1,679 yards, 38 touchdowns in his junior year), Miles? lack of size prevented him from being one of the country?s top running back recruits. Arizona State saw his potential as a return specialist and slot receiver, however, keeping his playmaking skills in the Phoenix metro area and showing NFL scouts how he could be a factor at the next level. 	Miles? game is pure speed and quickness. From the slot, his shake off the line whether moving to his left or right frees himself from most college defenders stepping up. On quick screens, he can get to the sideline if catching the ball inside the hash, elude tacklers with a quick cut or stop-start move, and even run through some arm tackles as he does have some strength in his lower half. Works the middle of the field when not limited to a screen role, grabbing low, high and wide passes, even if challenged. Elusiveness comes into play as returner, especially on punts. Snatches the ball, sometimes over his shoulder on booming punts, makes a man miss (or split two gunners), and then get himself up a crease in a hurry. Displays some patience waiting for a lane to open up on kickoff returns before he turns on the second gear. His ability to set up a defender 10 yards away before cutting to explode in either direction helps him on both return duties.
								More physical NFL cornerbacks will have an advantage over Miles in the slot, and he won?t lower his pads to power his way through tacklers at the next level. His upper-body strength is also an issue when going through traffic after the catch and on returns (four fumbles in 2011), and pro tacklers will rip the ball out whenever they can actually catch him.
							
2013	Tyler Wilson	2539201	QB	Arkansas	Winning two straight Arkansas state titles to finish his high school career was simply a harbinger of Wilson?s future success in Fayetteville. He bided his time his first three seasons behind current New England Patriots backup Ryan Mallett before spreading his wings as a starter in 2011. Wilson threw a total of 109 passes over his first three seasons with the Razorbacks, more than a third of which came when stepping in for an injured Mallett against eventual BCS champion Auburn in 2010. He caught scouts? attention by completing 25 of 34 passes for 323 yards and four touchdowns that day ?- in less than three quarters of action.	Good size and overall strength for a pocket passer. Tough player who bounces up after hits. Steps up into the pocket and stands tall to deliver the ball under duress -? which is just part of outstanding leadership qualities. Arm strength is very impressive in the intermediate game. Shows ability to hit stationery targets and the anticipation to lead receivers in stride and wait patiently for them to get open. Looks at multiple targets before checking down to underneath option. Quicker feet than anticipated, can get first downs on the run when defenses are in man or in deep zones. Can sling the ball into the flat from awkward release points.
								Delivery a bit longer than scouts like, his windup allows some alert defensive backs into plays downfield. While he has impressive intermediate arm strength, Wilson frequently floats or underthrows balls on deeper patterns due to a tendency to drop his elbow. Not a quick-twitch athlete; footwork coming out from under center is uneven, pro pass rushers will get him on first contact and disciplined linebackers will prevent his longer runs. Holds ball low in the pocket, vulnerable to strip-sacks. Will trust his arm and his receivers too much, throwing passes into traffic downfield.
							
2013	Chris Gragg	2539202	TE	Arkansas	Gragg started his Arkansas career at wide receiver after starring there at the Natural State?s own Warren High School. He played in every game as a true freshman, starting in three, but caught just one pass for 25 yards on the year. A dislocated left ankle suffered during pre-season practices caused Gragg to redshirt in the 2009 season, but he returned to play in all 13 of the Razorbacks? contests the following year (four starts, eight catches, 171 yards, two touchdowns). He finally became a regular target with Wilson running the show in 2011, starting eight of 13 games played and finishing third in the team in receptions (41) and fourth in receiving yardage (518) while also scoring twice. Gragg dealt with a lingering knee injury his senior season, as he only managed to play in 5 games. In this injury shortened season, Gragg caught 22 passes for 289 yards and three touchdowns.	Straight-line speed helps him separate from linebackers in the middle of the field, which are often open as the team?s gaggle of receivers open up the defense. Possesses receiver-like hands, adjusting to poor throws and going up to snatch passes above his head. Strong runner after the catch, churning through and spinning off tackles to maximize the play. Gives good effort as an in-line and downfield blocker.
								Long-legged, can take time to get moving off the snap and change directions. Occasional drops have hurt his reliability in the past. Carries the ball away from his body while trying to get the extra yard. Lacks the desired bulk to block as an in-line tight end. Too often will be caught losing balance, lacks agility. Not a smooth athlete.
							
2013	Cobi Hamilton	2539203	WR	Arkansas	Though many prospects follow their father?s footsteps by excelling in athletics at their alma maters, Cobi?s mother, Deborah, was the trailblazing athlete in the Hamilton household. She and Joy Dillard were among the first African-American female student-athletes on campus when they suited up for the inaugural Arkansas varsity women?s basketball team in the 1976-77 season.	Big target with a well-built frame who projects as a potential outside starter. Uses his body to get position on his man on inside routes. Displays an extra gear once he gets the ball in his hands. Physical after the catch, showing the ability to break arm tackles. Flashes a quick move after the catch and the balance to leave a leaning cornerback behind, can also stiff-arm smaller defensive backs trying to wrap him up in space. Will through jams at the line of scrimmage, but still needs to improve in this area. Sharp cuts on inside breaking routes at the top of his stem. Adjust well to the flight path of the ball in the air. Should only improve his overall skill set with more opportunities.
								Occasionally runs by defenders with his long strides, but scouts won?t expect him to do the same at the next level. Will need to show he can drop his hips and have quick feet to run all NFL routes. Rounds off his cuts on out-braking routes. Concentration is a major issues, as he drops a couple of easily catchable balls a game. Limited catch radius on the move and will fail adjust to low or back-shoulder throws -? quarterback needs to put the ball on his chest. Not a natural hands catcher. Does not win at the line of scrimmage against press as consistently as expected given his build.
							
2013	Philip Lutzenkirchen	2539204	TE	Auburn	Though Lutzenkirchen?s unusual last name is what gained him notoriety in college football circles, his red-zone prowess and toughness are really what make scouts take notice. He?s already the Auburn record holder for career touchdown receptions by a tight end (with 14) after just three seasons ?- seven of which he scored in 2011. And the fact he had surgery after that season to correct a left shoulder that he said would ?fall out? during games only means opposing defenses should be even more concerned when trying to defend him.	Possesses NFL size and bulk. Difficult red zone and short-yardage assignment for defenders, uses his build to shield defenders or simply pushes them away when trying to reach a spot. Strong hands to make one-handed spots and win 50/50 balls when covered. Flashes foot quickness in his routes and athleticism to spin off tackle attempts and leap into the end zone to beat a defender to the pylon. Adjusts to throws behind him when heading out to the flat. Adept move blocker from his H-back spot, makes contact as a lead blocker and fits on linebackers in the run game. Solid in pass protection, mirrors blitzers effectively. Can shown effectiveness as an in-line blocker, as well.
								Though a fair athlete for his size, is still not an elite vertical threat. Must improve his ability to sustain as a blocker in space, when will bend at the waist and lunge instead of moving his feet. Will need to prove himself a reliable receiver once in an offense where he is regularly targeted. Injuries have been an issue, played injured junior year, missed most of his senior season.
							
2013	Terrance Williams	2539205	WR	Baylor	Entering the season, many questions how Williams and the rest of his Baylor teammates will have a difficult time overcoming the loss of Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback Robert Griffin III and another first-round talent in receiver Kendall Wright, as well as three other draft picks from the offensive side of the ball (offensive linemen Philip Blake and Robert T. Griffin and running back Terrance Ganaway). Scouts already saw enough of his talents last season to make sure they returned to Waco, no matter how the team fared this season. 	Tall vertical and red zone target who can go up and get the ball. Eats up space quickly against soft coverage. Shakes his man off the line and has enough speed to get a step down the sideline. Is a sideline threat with quick feet for his size and body control in the air, making his stop, fade, and comeback routes more effective. Tracks the ball and adjusts to it in the air, and shows the ability to stop and turn for the back-shoulder fade. Adjusts his route to make himself available to his scrambling quarterback, going deep or crossing into an opening. Willing, strong, and physical blocker on bubble screens and in the run game, throwing his body into defenders and sticking with blocks. His blocking was a big key to Baylor?s perimeter run game.
								Pure outside receiver. Does not run a variety routes in Baylor?s offense. Routes are not always completed if he is not primary target. Inconsistent making his man miss after the catch, has some short-area quickness but better tacklers wraps up his long legs quickly. Tracks the ball well, but lets it get into his body and isn?t a natural hands catcher.
							
2013	Kaleb Ramsey	2539206	DT	Boston College	The Eagles expected Ramsey to lead the defensive line in 2011, freeing ultra-productive middle linebacker Luke Kuechly while bursting into the backfield on occasion himself to finish the play. A left foot malady suffered in the season opener (he had two tackles against Northwestern before succumbing the injury, also played a little against UMass three weeks later) cost him most of the season, however, and pushed his hopes of playing in the NFL back one year.	Beats reach blocks and consistently reminds the quarterback he is there by walking his man into the backfield or splitting double teams with a powerful punch, churning legs, active hands and strong arm extension. Gets significant man-up push in the run game and uses strength and effort to move down the line to the ball while engaged. Swallows any ballcarriers coming into his area with thick arms and good length.
								Not as large as many NFL defensive tackles and could be more consistent anchoring against double teams. His average explosion off the snap, short-area quickness, and ability to shed blocks and break down to corral ballcarriers with any space to run will make it difficult for him to become an elite playmaker. Must show his foot is healthy with a strong senior campaign in 2012.
							
2013	John Wetzel	2539207	OT	Boston College	Boston College consistently produces NFL-caliber offensive line talent, ranking seventh among all schools in draft picks up front over the past 20 years (tied with Penn State and Georgia with 16, four behind leader Wisconsin). Wetzel appears to be the next in long line of former Eagles including Marc Colombo, Gosder Cherilus and Jeremy Trueblood possessing the tall, strong build helping them all become starters at the next level.	Tall and thick throughout his frame that gives him great strength as a run-blocker.  Explodes from a three-point stance, making him tough for tackles to hold their ground when he crashes the edge and making him capable of taking out linebackers at the second level. Strong punch, consistent in his aiming point. When balanced and patient in pass protection, extends his long arms and move his feet well enough to eclipse small rush ends -- and pulling off a bull rush against him is extremely difficult because of his strong anchor.
								Heavy feet, doesn't have the quickest of kick slides in pass protection. Lateral agility is lacking. Won't always keep his feet moving through his punch. Needs to be faster with his hands. Lacks the quickness and fluidity to recover.
							
2013	Chris Pantale	2539208	TE	Boston College	Boston College tight ends can show all of the great receiving skills they want, but had better be willing to get after their man in the run game or they?ll never hit the field. Pantale (pronounced Pan-TELL-ee) has shown talent as both a blocker and receiver to not only get on the field for the Eagles, but also to grab scouts? attention as a potential starter at the next level.	Good height for the position. Gets his hands out in front to catch throws into his body. Has flexibility to grab passes thrown behind him or above his head. Shows a quick juke off the snap, works through or swims past linebackers using his hands to get into his route. Feet are quick enough in his routes to get free on out routes and double-moves against safeties. Runs strong after the catch and uses a stiff-arm to swat away would-be tacklers. Aggressive enough a blocker to lock up and sustain against defensive ends in pass protection when in balance. Comes off the ball strong and gives good effort in the run game, gets underneath pads of defenders playing high and uses his length to position ends out of the running lane. Displays some attitude to finish blocks when his opponents are on the ropes. Combos to linebackers after crashing down on the end, unlike most college tight ends who stick on the first block.
								Lacks elite athletic ability and speed. Must prove he can sink his hips and use his length to separate against man coverage from NFL defenders. Upper body strength just adequate as an in-line blocker, though he could still add bulk. Lunges towards smaller targets and will bend at the waist in his attempts to sustain instead of moving his feet. Inconsistent sustaining downfield blocks against linebackers and safeties.
							
2013	Marc Anthony	2539209	CB	California	Anthony probably won?t be a first-round pick like Nnamdi Asomugha (who played for Tedford in his first season at Cal) but could join former Bears safety Thomas DeCoud as a third-round pick ?- and eventual NFL starter.	Possesses the height and length scouts like in an outside corner to man-up against bigger receivers. Affects plays at multiple levels of zone defenses using his size and backfield awareness. Has enough foot quickness to stay with receivers down the sideline and in trail coverage over the middle. Shows closing speed to jump out routes and stuff hitches, and the hand-eye coordination to knock away passes in front of the receiver. Upper-body strength is sufficient to rip out the ball as it arrives in their hands. Likes to pound receivers going into the air to make a grab, and will throw a shoulder into ballcarriers in run support.
								His long-legged frame means his recovery speed, backpedal, and ability to transition are a bit slower than many of that of smaller prospects at the position. His overall bulk and strength are average, as well, meaning he must fully utilize his size and length by playing with more bend, dropping his hips to anchor against receiver blocks and be a more consistent tackler.
							
2013	Aaron Tipoti	2539210	DT	California	Tipoti (pronounced tee-PO-tee) was one of the top high school prospects out of Hawaii in the 2008 recruiting class, but chose not to follow in his father Nofo?s footsteps to play for the Rainbow Warriors. Instead, he headed to the mainland to continue Cal?s three-year streak of hearing the name of one of their defensive linemen called during the NFL draft (Tyson Alualu in 2010, Cameron Jordan in 2011, Trevor Guyton in 2012).	Excellent quickness off the snap is immediately noticeable, pops centers and guards when playing the run or squeaking through a tight gap when attempting to get into the backfield. Reach-blocks can be difficult to execute against him. His game isn?t just about his quick feet ? he plays with a relentless nature and has good upper-body strength to bring heavy heads to bear on initial contact. Rips his hands off his man to work towards the quarterback if the ball stays in the pocket too long.
								Viewed as nose tackle/three-technique ?tweener by some because he lacks elite athleticism. Shortish frame makes him susceptible to movement by double teams, also gets his shoulders turned by stronger guards when man-up. Shows hustle to the sideline but doesn?t have the closing speed to track down NFL ballcarriers unless they are slowed up by his teammates.
							
2013	Matt Summers-Gavin	2539211	OG	California	Summers-Gavin (parents are Robert Gavin and Sally Summers) is as anonymous to many college football fans not living on the West Coast as former teammate Mitchell Schwartz ? and hopes to rise as high in the draft during his senior season as Schwartz, who wound up a second round by the Cleveland Browns last April. Though Summers-Gavin may not go quite that high because he projects inside in the NFL, teams are very interested in the versatility he?s shown during his career in Berkeley.	Competitive performer who projects inside in the NFL. Very effective zone blocker and mobile enough to pull in front of plays and trap effectively, getting into his target and getting an angle while engaged if needed. Smooth and quick from his stance or down-block when moving to linebackers, sustains through the whistle by extending his arms and moving his feet. Good hustle downfield if plays break into the open field. Plays with a wide base and leverage against larger nose tackles, doesn?t give ground against their bull rushes. Agile cut-blocker for quick throws and to take out defenders on whom he can?t get his hands. Gets under the skin of defenders with his persistence.
								Not the bulkiest interior player, good technique helps him stay strong when inside may have troubles against veteran NFL tackles. Gets too aggressive on occasion, lunging towards his man and overrunning targets in space. His lack of quick-twitch movement and length are exposed when facing elite rushers outside, though his effort usually gets him around the edge.
							
2013	Theo Goins	2539212	OG	Central Florida	When a high school defensive tackle is credited with 25 sacks over his last two seasons, one would expect him to become a difference-maker on that side of the ball for whichever lucky college he decides to play. But after a redshirt season at UCF, coaches moved Goins to the offensive line ? a move that has already paid dividends for the Golden Knights, and just might give him a career in the National Football League.	Impressive frame certainly gets the attention of scouts; he has a tall build with good lower-body thickness that he uses to anchor against strong rushes. Holds his ground in pass protection, also fights back using his strong upper body to turn his man out of the hole. Great potential as a drive-blocker because of his pure power off the ball and willingness to finish plays once engaged. Possesses good enough foot quickness to reach linebackers and move a bit behind the line of scrimmage.
								Aggressive nature and wish to use his natural strength to latch onto defenders will cause him to overextend in pass protection and lose his balance when trying to fit on a target in space. Tends to play high, and also stops his feet too early in the play, preventing him from sustaining his block. Looks heavy-footed at times and doesn?t have the agility or speed to regularly lead plays outside.
							
2013	Eric Fisher	2539213	OT	Central Michigan	Any offensive tackle coming out of Central Michigan will naturally be compared to 2007 first-round pick Joe Staley, who has now become one of the top linemen in the NFL. But if there?s one player with the potential to meet those high expectations, it?s the tall, athletic, and rapidly growing Fisher. He was only a third-team All-MAC pick in 2011 as the full-time starter on the blind side, partially because he missed the final two games of the year with a knee injury. But in 2012 Fisher received first-team All-MAC honors after starting all 12 games at left tackle. NFL scouts will have no choice but to give him grades similar to those they gave Staley when he came out of Mount Pleasant.	Tall, long left tackle frame with good thickness but still room to add weight throughout. Natural athlete with bend and foot quickness off the snap, can mirror quick ends around the pocket, staying engaged even with tilted shoulders and often finishing the block with a shove. Strong anchor in pass protection, widens his stance, extends his arms, and keeps his balance even if his opponent gets a good punch on his chest. Agile enough to ride end inside and then pick up outside twist. Shows off impressive straight-line speed and the agility to adjust to moving targets when leading off-tackle runs to the second or third level. Has no issues getting out of a three-point stance in pass protection or the run game despite his height. Flashes nastiness as a drive blocker, latching on and churning his legs to push his man back a few yards. Possesses foot quickness and effective hands to move from one target to the other in combo blocks. 
								Should continue to add strength in his upper and lower body to handle pro defenders. Hands can be slow to get up off the snap, explosive ends get theirs on his numbers. Also needs to consistently latch onto smaller targets in space, can bounce off them instead of dominating like he does when using his hands. Will lunge in the run game, getting off-balance against quicker opponents. Turns his shoulders square to the line in his slide on occasion, allowing ends to get to the quarterback if he steps up in the pocket.
							
2013	Kenbrell Thompkins	2539214	WR	Cincinnati	Thompkins had planned on finishing his collegiate career at the University of Tennessee, but then-Volunteers head coach Lane Kiffin left after the junior college transfer had signed his letter of intent. Naturally, Thompkins looked into other schools since his coach was no longer in Knoxville; unfortunately, the NCAA decided that coaches are allowed more mobility than players, forcing Thompkins to sit out the 2010 season before beginning his career with the Bearcats. Why Cincinnati, you ask? One reason might have been that his cousin, Antonio Brown, played for UC head coach Butch Jones at Central Michigan before going to the Pittsburgh Steelers.	Possesses just enough size and speed to play outside in the NFL, yet also has enough quickness to find room to run from the slot. Willing to take hits on crossers, and his strong hands allow him to catch balls away from his frame whether challenged or on his own. Goes up and fight for jump balls. Owns the foot quickness and flexibility to drop his hips and cut on outs and comebacks routes, and also the shake and hands off the line to beat press coverage. A physical blocker for run plays and quick screens, extending his arms and mirroring to sustain on the outside and crashing down on linebackers to create running room on off-tackle runs. Uses that physicality to separate from cornerbacks downfield, using his length to extend just before the ball arrives.
								Doesn?t necessarily explode off the line, and it takes him a bit of time to get to top speed. Won?t have a size and strength advantage against most NFL cornerbacks. Keeping his feet after making catches downfield would help him get into the end zone more regularly. 
							
2013	Malliciah Goodman	2539215	DE	Clemson	A defensive end from Clemson has been selected in six of the last seven NFL drafts; four of those six were first- (late Gaines Adams) or second-round picks (Da?Quan Bowers, Andre Branch, Phillip Merling). Goodman is next Tiger likely to hear his name called from the Radio City Music Hall podium, probably in the top 50 picks.	Powerful left end prospect with thick upper and lower body builds, and long arms. Frame that would allow him to grow into five-technique if a team required it. Shows consistent hand placement, can control and pop off his man to make stops. Violent hands, often doesn't allow the offensive lineman to grab a hold of him when rushing the passer. Gets off the ball quickly for his size when in pass rush mode, bulling his man backwards or using his strength to work the outside shoulder. Also effective splitting double moves and beating guards when lined up inside on third down. Keeps his eyes in the backfield, will get his hands in passing lanes and shed and close to the quarterback if his man stops his feet when the play is extended. Shows good flexibility on end-twist stunts.
								Won?t be an elite pass rusher because of average straight-line speed and change of direction ability. Slow to disengage his hands. Doesn't counter well when locked up. Struggles to contain running backs on the edge when he takes a step inside. Inconsistent reacting to the snap, will be the last player moving at times.
							
2013	Dalton Freeman	2539216	C	Clemson	Freeman is another example of a ?coach?s son? shining in college football. His father, Ben, not only coached him in high school but also passed along the athleticism that he displayed when lacing up his cleats at Wake Forest in the 1980?s. It is, therefore, not surprising that Dalton has become a durable, high-character leader in the middle of the Tigers? offensive line ? so much so that head coach Dabo Swinney has the confidence in Freeman to play him at right tackle if injuries dictate that move in 2012.	Durable, intelligent player in the pivot. Good positional blocker with foot work to assist one guard and move over to the other. Also reaches linebackers on zone plays and runs between the tackles with some short-area quickness, will extend his arms to send them out of the play if they try to out-quick him. Moves his feet to sustain through the whistle. Plays with some sneaky power in in short-yardage situations, as well. 
								He?ll need to show NFL coaches that he has the necessary strength and athleticism to get the job done at the next level. Bends at the waist to sustain or lunge at targets at times and plays upright, losing leverage battles against bull rushes and even hard-charging blitzers. Resorts to cut blocks against blitzers he is capable of stoning at the line. 
							
2013	Andre Ellington	2539217	RB	Clemson	Ellington has flashed real speed and explosiveness over the past three years when given the opportunity. As a redshirt freshman, Ellington shared carries with Jamie Harper behind eventual top-10 draft pick C.J. Spiller (491 yards, four touchdowns). He played a major role in the offense the first half of his sophomore season (686 yards in seven games) but a toe injury limited him to one carry for no yards over the second half of the year. He had surgery on a ligament tear and fractured sesamoid bone that December.	Possesses above-average straight-line speed. Attacks the line of scrimmage in one-back formations. Good vision and foot quickness for the cutback, has a burst through the hole and can accelerate away from oncoming defenders. Tough for college safeties to get an angle on. Excellent balance in the open field to cut, put his hand on the ground to stay upright, or even leap sprawling defenders. Runs with some lean for his size, and he lowers his pads pre-contact to get an extra yard. Takes big hits and bounces back up. Tight-ropes the sideline when necessary to maximize runs. Shows the ability to create behind the line of scrimmage when the play side breaks down, and the creativity and knowledge of pursuit angles to set up second level defenders. Shows patience running behind pulling guards and fullbacks, can cut in either direction off the block. Stiff-arm in the open field can be effective in keeping away defensive backs. Very dangerous in space. Good hands to be a threat as a receiver in the flat, over the middle, on screens, and down the sideline on wheel routes. Dangerous kick returner who can slide through creases and explode into the open with quick cuts and pure acceleration.
								Undersized, and lacks great power as an inside back, though he has some lower-body strength and the effort is there when trying to run clock. Does not possess elite agility to elude defenders in space, and can be brought down by glancing tackle attempts. Cuts are not consistently decisive or strong. Pass protection skills are lacking, lays down at the feet of defenders instead of holding his ground. Generally holds the ball high and tight, but upper-body strength is not exceptional so the ball will come out on occasion. Runs with a very narrow base, negating any power he might have.
							
2013	Ray Polk	2539218	FS	Colorado	Raymond Polk never got his chance to shine at the NFL level. He was a cornerback at Oklahoma State before being drafted the 12th round by the then-Los Angeles Raiders in 1985 was first traded to Tampa Bay, and then suffered a pre-season injury that ended his career before it began.  His son, Ray, has a great chance to help his father realize that dream.	Polk?s injuries were not necessarily evident in his 2011 play, his speed was. Capable of playing a single-high look because of that range, his foot quickness and short-area agility allows him to stay with slot receivers in man coverage about as well as most college cornerbacks. Not contact-shy, is willing to stick his shoulder into his former breatheren whether before they reach the sideline or pounding a receiver over the middle and out of bounds (occasionally a bit late). Quite adept at flowing through traffic to fill a gap, and shows the recognition skills to start single-high and work his way into position quickly to stuff a run for a short gain. Solid as a last line of defense, as well, regularly breaking down to wrap up ballcarriers.
								Not the biggest or strongest safety. Hasn?t made many plays in coverage so far in his career with the Buffaloes (one interception in 2011, three total pass break-ups in 2010-11), must show scouts he has the hands and tenacity to win battles for the ball downfield. Will go for the big hit instead of wrapping up at times. His medical exams at the Combine will also be very important to his draft stock due to his various injuries. His experience and coaching will aid Polk to take full advantage of the athleticism with which he?ll surely show in Indianapolis.
							
2013	Blidi Wreh-Wilson	2539219	CB	Connecticut	Few cornerbacks get a chance to see the end zone after one of their interceptions ?- but Wreh-Wilson managed to do so in back to back games in 2010. Against Buffalo in late September, he got his first pick six, taking a pass back 46 yards for a score. Vanderbilt couldn?t stop him from repeating the feat the next week, as his 44-yard return helped the Huskies win their second consecutive game.	Scouts like Wreh-Wilson?s tall, long frame on the outside. He owns the closing speed to cut down receivers quickly after the catch when playing off, and uses his long arms to knock the ball away out of their hands. But he also presents short-area foot quickness to stay with receivers when tight on the line, as well as the powerful extension to knock them off their routes.
								Like most taller corners, receivers can get Wreh-Wilson a little off-balance once he stops his feet. His tackling is also inconsistent, as he?ll dive at the feet of ballcarriers or lunge at him to make a hit instead of using his length to wrap. Play action can also get him in trouble, as he?ll jump forward and allow his receiver behind him. After receivers get behind him, Wreh-Wilson doesn't always showcase proper hip flexibility or adequete recovery speed. And even with his height and length, Wreh-Wilson sometimes loses jump balls when he gets outmuscled or fails to high-point.
							
2013	Sio Moore	2539220	OLB	Connecticut	In the 20 editions of the NFL draft before UConn moved to the Big East in 2004, the Huskies saw four of their players selected. In the last eight drafts since, 16 players from Connecticut have heard their names called. Former Huskies head coach Randy Edsell is no longer with the program after leading it though the transition to the FBS that helped the team get more recruits, but Moore (whose full first name is Snorsio, with the shortened version pronounced SEE-oh) is expected to join as many as five teammates in continuing the school?s new tradition as a producer of NFL talent.	Disciplined linebacker who follows through on his assignments and maintains his gap responsibilities prevent cutbacks. Also a solid tackler, able to break down and securely wrap the ballcarrier?s torso or leg for minimal yards after the catch. Often lines up over tight ends and larger receivers, using his agility to run routes with them to the sideline or down the seam, gets a good initial jam at the line of scrimmage. Can jump slants and win 50/50 balls to force incompletions and has good enough hands to create turnovers on easier plays. Extends his arms into receiver and tight end blocks to maintain his distance and gets off with strong hands to chase or make plays on the outside.
								Average closing speed means he might not be an elite playmaker at the next level. Can be eluded by quicker ballcarriers in the open field and the backfield when failing to break down quickly.  Must use his hands more consistently to beat blocks at the line.
							
2013	Aaron Mellette	2539221	WR	Elon	Just about every year, a wide receiver from outside the FBS is drafted in the top 100 selections. The Rams pulled the trigger on Appalachian State?s tall, lean Brian Quick with the first pick of the second round (33rd overall) of the 2012 draft. It was the sixth time in the past eight drafts a ?small school? receiver heard his name called in the first 100 picks, including notables Vincent Jackson (drafted by San Diego in 2005 out of Northern Colorado), Laurent Robinson (Atlanta, 2007, Southern Illinois), and Jerome Simpson (Cincinnati, 2008, Coastal Carolina).	Good height to be a solid possession receiver at the next level, has enough size to shield defenders on slants. Reliable hands, wins jump balls in traffic and snatches the ball away from his frame whether tracking it over his shoulder or facing the quarterback. Not afraid to go over the middle, and can turn and run if hit in the soft spot of a zone. Flashes the flexibility and body control to adjust to high and low throws, as well as those behind him. Used on bubble screens and fly sweeps despite his size, has the agility to make a man miss after the catch.
								Long speed will be a concern for scouts, who may doubt his ability to separate from pro cornerbacks with quickness alone. Inconsistent strength as a ballcarrier, shows balance to keep his feet after contact at times but will fail to run through arm tackles. Must answer the level of competition question and prove himself confident in his abilities at a post-season all-star game.
							
2013	Xavier Nixon	2539222	OT	Florida	The son of two members of the United States Army knows all about discipline and disappointment, as he saw his mother and father deployed overseas multiple times. He fought through those tough times, with the help of other family members and his high school coaches, to have an outstanding prep career in North Carolina, earning national accolades (Maxwell Award as nation?s top offensive lineman) and scholarship offers from the best programs in the country. Few top recruits were more deserving of their U.S. Army All-American Bowl appearance.	Presents a long, athletic build, and when balanced, he can utilize that length and his lateral agility to maintain distance with edge rushers. Anchors against bull rushes fairly well considering athletic build. Also get leverage and movement on run plays by dropping his hips, extending his arms, and churning his legs to push him man backwards a couple of yards. Had excellent moments as a pass protector against great defensive linemen in the SEC. Athleticism to get to the second level and track moving targets. Flashes the ability to get out in front of off-tackle runs, and his long arms can knock aside oncoming defenders even if he?s not mirroring them.
								Gets in trouble relying too much on his reach, however, and not moving his feet to cut off the corner and inside lane in pass protection. Known for whiffing on his strong punch against better players, and is also apt to lean into his man, opening the door for better opponents to rip down and get free of his grasp. Length is negated by lack of technique. Gets off the ball late at times. His height and sometimes lumbering gait also makes him susceptible to quickness moves from defenders to shed, even after he makes contact. Will give up on plays after initial contact is made. Soft build and has struggled to maintain weight. Has shuffled in and out of the lineup over his career due to injuries and inconsistency.
							
2013	John Cyprien	2539223	FS	Florida International	Another talented safety from the Miami area, Cyprien did not attend the "U" but instead made a name for himself under Mario Cristobal at FIU. The interchangeable safety is a talker on the field and never plays half speed, as he showed during unpadded practices at the Senior Bowl.	Looks and plays like a strong in-the-box safety with solid thickness throughout his build. Holds his ground against blocks from bigger opponents, and also runs through traffic to wrap up ballcarriers inside (sometimes as a fast edge blitzer). Possesses enough speed and athleticism to cover ground as a zone defender in the back half and line up against slot receivers inside. Closes on stretch runs and quick throws to outside receivers even when playing well back from the line. Beats receiver blocks with quickness or strength. His secure tackling in those situations is also notable, as he brings some attitude into his attempts unlike other defensive backs in this class. Used as a blitzer on run and pass plays, can overpower running back blocks. 
								Doesn?t have elite range or the height/length combination to play as a single-deep safety. Quick enough to make a hit after the catch when deep, but is often a step slow to recognize the pass coming into his area. Aggressive in coverage, he can be sucked up by play action and will jump underneath routes, allowing plays over the top. Lacks elite change of direction and quickness in man coverage, and does not recover like a corner if beaten by a quick move off the line or in space. 
							
2013	Cornellius Carradine	2539224	DE	Florida St.	It would surprise no one that Florida State was the last school to have three defensive ends selected in the top 100 picks of the NFL draft; in 1998, they saw Andre Wadsworth (picked third overall by Arizona), Greg Spires (83rd, New England), and Julian Pittman (99th, New Orleans) come off the board by the early fourth round. Carradine?s talent could help the Seminoles repeat this feat in 2013, even though he finished the year on the sideline after seeing starter's action for a majority of the season.	Carradine flashes explosion off the snap to challenge the lateral agility of right tackles, and can swipe them away with strong hands to slingshot into the pocket. He also plays with the leverage of a shorter player, brings a strong initial punch to bull lesser tackles off the ball, and simply shoves tight ends away like ragdolls in the run game. There?s certainly no issue with his motor, as he will hustle to the sideline if the play can be made.
								Though Carradine shows most all of the physical attributes teams covet in a defensive end, his lack of experience is a negative. And if he isn?t on the field for any extended period of time in 2012, it might be tough for scouts to give him a starter?s grade because they don?t know what his level of stamina against better competition. 
							
2013	Everett Dawkins	2539225	DT	Florida St.	Great things were expected from Dawkins when he arrived at Tallahassee as a high school All-American from South Carolina. He led Byrnes High, located between Spartanburg and Greensville, to an undefeated state title as a senior defensive end by accumulating 14 sacks. 	Quick, penetrating defensive tackle with an explosive first step. Good hustle as a pass rusher, trying to shed even when his initial move doesn?t work. Low center of gravity helps him get under the pads of blockers to push them into the backfield. His quick feet give him the first step to be effective and the agility to burst past his man and adjust to mobile quarterbacks trying to avoid him within the pocket. Slippery, and has a nice inside swim and outside rip move. Active in pursuit from the backside. Feels pressure well, and re-directs when his initial stunt takes him away from the ball.
								Plays a bit out of control at times, getting into the body of his opponent and getting taken out of plays, or ending up on the ground when trying to out-quick his man. Does not have elite size or strength to get through better linemen once they are anchored ? which could also cause him issues standing up to NFL offensive linemen on a down-by-down basis as a starter. Poor pad level prevents him from being able to get under offensive lineman?s pads. Does a good job re-directing with his spin move, but gets overly reliant on it once its successful. Gets overpowered often at the point of attack and pad level causes him to struggle against base blocks and double teams.
							
2013	Brandon Jenkins	2539226	DE	Florida St.	The Seminoles didn?t have to spend much travel money to recruit Jenkins; he grew up in Tallahassee and attended Florida State University High School (known as Florida High). His 44 sacks in three seasons, 20 as a senior, earned many high rankings from recruiting services but he made up his mind early to play for the team for which he grew up cheering. Another strong season could also help him climb up a FSU career sack list filled with former NFL players like Peter Boulware, Jamal Reynolds, Andre Wadsworth, and Reinard Wilson (whose 35.5 sacks ranks first).	Possesses very good initial quickness, eats up grass with long strides, and has the flexibility to turn the corner as a pass rusher. Has length and upper-body strength to rip off blocks and throw quarterbacks and running backs to the ground. Also displays the power to get lesser linemen on their heels. Not contact-shy playing the run, will stick his shoulder to keep leverage against single blocker and double teams to hold the line.
								Suffered a Lisfranc injury in his left foot in 2012 opener, could redshirt. Pops up out of his stance off the snap, losing his momentum as an edge rusher. Hustle to chase plays is inconsistent. Change of direction skills are only adequate, fails to prevent backs from getting the sideline on plays to his size and break down when one-on-one in space against NFL-caliber ball-carriers. Owns a spin move but relies on outside rush too often, allowing tackles to take him out of plays.
							
2013	Dustin Hopkins	2539227	K	Florida St.	Hopkins has been considered one of the top kickers in the country since his days as a high school All-American from Houston, Texas. He made his first field goal attempt as a collegian, a 52-yarder against in-state rival Miami, and later in that true freshman season put four kicks through the uprights against West Virginia in the team?s Gator Bowl victory.	Consistent, upright three-step approach on placements. Good trajectory on kicks, gets them up quickly with a strong downward strike on the ball. Misses are just outside of the uprights to the left or right, not major misfires. Flashes 55-yard range with NFL-caliber height on the kicks, not line-drives. Excellent strength and height on kickoffs, times well over 4.0 seconds consistently and gets the ball to the middle or front part of the end zone even with nice trajectory.
								Needs to show that he can make the game-winning kick with everything on the line. Must be consistent in the urgency of his approach on placements against NFL rushers.
							
2013	EJ Manuel	2539228	QB	Florida St.	Manuel was a Parade High School All-American, and got his chance to play early on for the Seminoles. The Seminoles? 2008 scout team MVP (who missed 2009 spring practice with a broken index finger) won three of his four starts for injured starter Christian Ponder as a redshirt freshman, including a Gator Bowl MVP performance (17-24, 189 yards, 14 rushes for 70 yards and a TD) in the team?s comeback win over West Virginia.	Physically imposing passer. Throws from the shotgun formation quite often, but is also effective on play action. Flashes the velocity to stretch the field and throw in tight spaces between defenders and on the sideline. Displays good touch on throws to each level of the field, finds receivers between defenders and drop passes over their head. Good athlete with the mobility to step up in the pocket to avoid pressure and take advantage of openings to pick up first downs with his feet. Quick release, though it often looks as though he?s throwing darts on shorter throws. Intelligent, high character team leader.
								Gives opponents too many chances for turnovers by forcing throws into coverage trying to make a play. Area code accuracy ? short throws are often low or wide, preventing receivers from making a play after the catch. Deep ball accuracy is uneven, as well. Gets happy feet under pressure, spins to the outside to avoid the rush. Inconsistent recognizing blitz. Must step into his throws more consistently to fully utilize his arm strength.
							
2013	Sanders Commings	2539229	CB	Georgia	Commings has already been drafted once -? in the 37th round of the 2008 Major League Baseball draft as an outfielder by the Arizona Diamondbacks. And if he continues on his present course, Commings can forget about trying to hit the curveball forever ?- as he?ll be conscripted into the NFL.	It?s tough for teams to find corners of Commings? size and agility to play with ever-growing NFL receivers on the outside. And his outfielder hands are easily seen with his ability to snatch throws within his frame or extend his long arms high or wide to deflect away passes coming towards his man. Commings has a hulking frame, and succeeds in being physical with wide receivers, and pressing them at the line. Productive special teams player.
								His footwork and quickness aren?t elite ? receivers too often get inside position on him and can race by when he pauses at the top of the route. His ability to create turnovers and awareness in zone coverage need to be improved, as well.  He also raised some character red flags when he was arrested in January 2012 for allegedly assaulting his girlfriend in public. He was suspended for the team?s first two games this fall, and agreed to drug and alcohol testing and anger management counseling.
							
2013	Abry Jones	2539230	DE	Georgia	When Jones came to Georgia, he was a high school All-American and top-10 national defensive tackle prospect from nearby Warner Robins, racking up 15 sacks as a senior. Though he only managed one-third of that total during his first three years in Athens, his continued improvement over that time has sufficiently intrigued scouts -? to the point that they might have expected a breakout season in 2012. That didn't happen.	Lined up all over Georgia?s front line, even outside the tackle on some plays, but typically in a three-technique or shading the nose in obvious passing situations.Sometimes used in zone blitzes due to his footwork. Swims over leaning guards to penetrate, can also spin off a block and win the gap against a double-team. Plays with the strength to hold the line due to his thickness through the middle of his frame. Uses strong hands to move his blocker to either side in a two-gap system, looks to shed and owns the flexibility and length to dive at ballcarriers coming through the hole.
								Initial movement and closing speed are inconsistent, better linemen get a jump on him off the snap and he might not have enough quickness to be a pass rush threat at the five-technique. Does not always extend his arms with pop to shock his opponent, and will fail to disengage against better blockers. Production is sporadic due to the team?s defensive line rotation, yet his stamina can still be an issue at the end of games. Looked much stiffer in 2012, especially when forced to change direction.
							
2013	John Jenkins	2539231	DT	Georgia	Jenkins had his pick of elite Football Bowl Subdivision schools coming out of Gulf Coast Community College in Mississippi after the 2010 season. The four-star recruit passed up Auburn, Miami and other programs to join the Bulldogs, and had a hand in their SEC East championship in his first year on campus. The Bulldogs hoped he can be as big a difference-maker at nose tackle as another junior college transfer, Terrence Cody, was for Alabama in their 2009 BCS championship season. Jenkins? build is not as sloppy as that of "Mount Cody," and his pure width and athleticism makes him an intriguing prospect.	Nose tackle prospect with an expansive chest, good length, and a solid overall build. Capable of keeping the line against strong single blocks and double teams, finding the ball and moving within the box to be part of the stop. Flashes decent agility for his size. Capable of pressing the pocket with pure brute strength and a solid get-off, also uses his hands when one-on-one to rip aside blockers and attack the backfield. Can overwhelm single blocks simply with his massive size and frame. Has a quick shake to get a gap against guards in pass protection and the foot quickness and hustle to adjust to moving quarterbacks in the pocket.
								Thin and narrow built lower body, which contributes to waist bending and poor balance. Ends up on the ground more than you?d like. Susceptible to cut blocks and doesn?t deal well with trash at his feet, though he gives good effort to recover and return to the play. Quickness is decent for his size, but he offers little as an interior pass rusher and will be a two down player in the NFL. Stops on contact with double teams at times instead of pushing through. Plays tall and is slow off the snap, will lose upper-body strength battles to get off-balance. Doesn't fight for inside hand position. As a result, gets rooted out too often by smaller offensive linemen who get underneath his pads and out-leverage him. Could be more consistent shedding to grab ball carriers coming through holes inside.
							
2013	Cornelius Washington	2539232	OLB	Georgia	Washington was named to the 2012 Butkus Award preseason watch list prior to the season, despite lacking much starting experience. That?s the sort of respect that those who know college football have for his physical attributes and potential as a pass rush force.	Tall, versatile defender who flashes excellent get-off to challenge tackles as a pass rusher with his hand on the ground or standing up. Possesses great length, which he uses to powerfully extend into blockers and to wrap up a leg on a ballcarrier running away from him. Flashes hands to rip off blocks from overextending tackles and tight ends, as well as the quickness to shoot inside to penetrate the B-gap to disrupt plays. Makes a big hit when head-up on the ball, and can use his long, strong arms to create turnovers.
								Often used as a third-down presence instead of a starter because of the team?s depth and scheme. Doesn?t own a counter move or the second effort to get past a solid block; teams need to see better stamina and hustle before projecting him as a starter. His height and average flexibility cause him to change directions relatively slowly on the edge and in the backfield, meaning he loses out on opportunities to make plays. Needs to prove his agility in coverage if asked to regularly take on receivers in man. 
							
2013	Shawn Williams	2539233	SS	Georgia	Georgia coaches give out a ?True Grit? award after spring practice for an offensive and defensive player who stands out for his toughness and pure determination on the field. Despite the large number of NFL-caliber players on the Bulldogs? defense, Williams has picked up the award each of the past two years.  That attitude and voraciousness has shown itself on Saturdays, as opposing receivers and running backs will tell you as they get iced down after the game.	Physical in-the-box safety with an overall muscular build that translates well to the next level. Attacks gaps as a blitzer, has the speed to get into the backfield in a hurry to disrupt plays. Strong tackler, can throw down smaller running backs or larger tight ends with authority. Not relegated to the box, often in single or two-deep alignments and capable of moving well in short areas. Reads quarterbacks well in zone and closes to hit receivers as they are catching the ball. Intimidating in the middle, puts his shoulder into the chest of receivers to separate the ball.
								Will go for the big shoulder hit or a cut block at times instead of wrapping. Gets locked up in the run game when failing to out-quick linemen or rip off more aggressive receivers. Lacks the ball skills and hands to come down with many interceptions. Doesn't have the lateral agility to consistently stay with tight ends or slot receivers.
							
2013	Bacarri Rambo	2539234	SS	Georgia	He started his Georgia career on the scout team, playing quarterback at times to replicate of the option looks the team saw and take advantage of his high school experience in that offense. He shared the team?s Newcomer of the Year on defense in 2009, making 25 tackles and intercepting two passes in 11 games as a reserve. He also blocked a punt in the Independence Bowl against Texas A&M. He stepped into the starting line-up for every game as a sophomore, posting 82 tackles, five for loss and three interceptions. His junior season was filled with great ups and downs, including one of each happening within three days of each other during the 2011 season. In late September, his son was delivered stillborn about 10 days before the due date. He decided to play through the grief, and wound up intercepting two passes in a 27-13 win at Ole Miss. Rambo dedicated that game, and the rest of his Associated Press first-team All-American and consensus first-team All-SEC junior season (eight interceptions, eight pass break-ups), to Braylin, the son he never got to know.	Possesses the combination of overall strength (befitting a last name mimicking the fictitious role played by Sylvester Stallone) and agility to fill multiple roles on defense. Consistently reads routes and the quarterback?s eyes well, flows with plays from the deep half and breaks on the ball quickly. His strong hands can snatch 50/50 and jump ball passes away from receivers, and is willing to throw his shoulder into receivers over the middle to separate the ball. Effective cut tackler at the second level, also changes directions quickly to wrap up running backs making a quick cut. Good effort, upper body strength to ride receivers and backs with a full head of steam to the ground or sideline. Moves well with receivers downfield, can take away deep options and limit yards after the catch.
								Read-and-react skills, angles to the ball and his ability to break down quickly are inconsistent, and will be eluded by quicker ballcarriers at the next level. Physical receivers can also block him effectively in the run game. Off-field troubles are a problem: suspended for the first game of his junior season, and served another suspension to begin his senior year due to failed drug tests, both from supposed inadvertent ingestion of marijuana.
							
2013	Tavarres King	2539235	WR	Georgia	It was expected that King would take over as the Bulldogs? playmaking receiver after A.J. Green left for the NFL and was picked fourth overall by Cincinnati in the 2011 draft. But while he led the team in receptions (47), receiving yards (705) and receiving touchdowns (eight) as a junior, he didn?t hit triple digits until the team?s final game of the year -? a huge six-catch, 205-yard, one-touchdown effort in the team?s loss to Michigan State in the Outback Bowl.	Possesses the quickness off the line that helps him shake off press and fly by cornerbacks playing off-coverage. As a vertical threat, he can track the ball over either shoulder and grab the ball with his hands near his head. He also has elusiveness after the catch to free himself after a hitch route. The work on his upper body has paid off, as he can play through physical corners to get inside position when needed. Extremely fluid route runner, plays with tremendous balance and body control.
								Doesn't have ideal bulk. Dropped passes have been an issue for King during his career, and he doesn?t always find the ball in the air or go up to high-point passes downfield. Though he is quick and elusive, he?ll out-juke himself trying to make defenders miss in the open field. While is capable of making a block outside on quick screens, King also doesn?t offer consistent physicality.
							
2013	Rod Sweeting	2539236	CB	Georgia Tech	Given the scholarly requirements at Georgia Tech, it?s no wonder Sweeting pulled down his high school team?s award for academic and athletic prowess, as well as numerous all-Georgia accolades and four-star recruiting grades. His intelligence will again play a part in his evaluation when NFL scouts decide which defenders to select in the 2013 draft.	Intelligent player, collected, and possesses good instincts. He?s a very physical tackler, both able to wrap up ballcarriers and willing to make the big hit when lining up a receiver. He plays with tenacity at the line, willing to attack running backs and bubble screens, even going through a receiver to do it. Fluid athlete. He has solid hands.
								He?ll need to prove his straight-line speed and quickness so scouts can see him close in trail coverage and stay with receivers down the sideline. His lean overall build might also be a concern, as larger veteran NFL receivers will try to separate downfield and win run-blocking battles.
							
2013	D.J. Hayden	2539237	CB	Houston	Quarterback Case Keenum deservedly dominated the headlines surrounding the Cougars? program for the past few seasons as he became the NCAA?s all-time leader in total offense, passing yardage, touchdown passes, and completions. Scouts took notice of Hayden?s play, however, when the opponents tried to keep up with Keenum?s fast-break scoring -? likely making him the first Houston defender to the first drafted by an NFL team since cornerback Stanford Routt in 2005 (second round, Oakland).	Very good foot quickness allows him to handle man coverage responsibilities on the outside in the slot equally well. Gives ground off the line without giving up position, and possesses the change of direction ability to trail on inside routes, turn-and-run up the sideline, and stop quickly when needed. When playing off, he closes fast to make plays on out routes or to wrap up on slants. His toughness helps him win fights with receivers for 50/50 balls downfield, and he will run through the play to recover, often getting to the ball just in case to knock it away. Avoids receiver blocks in run support and breaks down to wrap up a leg before the ballcarrier can head upfield. Used on blind side blitzes because of his speed, and shows the aptitude to create turnovers by unsuspecting quarterbacks. Tackling is stronger than his wiry frame would predict, allowing him to separate the ball from its carrier in addition to dragging down opponents.
								Average size and strength won?t make him an elite prospect in the minds of scouts, because he will be at a disadvantage against better pro receivers both at the line of scrimmage and downfield. Life threatening injury his senior season, return back to football will be a long and trying journey.
							
2013	Terry Hawthorne	2539238	CB	Illinois	Illinois? talented defense has received well-deserved praise over the past couple of seasons, with defensive end Whitney Mercilus landing in the first round of the 2012 draft (after leading the nation in sacks) and multiple 2013 draft prospects littering the team?s front seven. But the surprising selection of safety Tavon Wilson in the second round by the Patriots and the obvious talents of Hawthorne hinted that more Illini could be next. Despite a very talented group, Hawthorne and the rest of the defense played well below average and finished the season on a nine game losing streak.	Able to match up against opponents? top receivers and support the run because of his physicality. Possesses the height, vertical, and tenacity to be factor as a press corner and on jump balls down the sideline. Quick to react on short routes, has the short-area footwork to break on poor throws to make the interception. Uses strong upper body to wrap up larger wideouts immediately after the catch and to throw down big backs in the open field. Brings some pop to the party, creates turnovers with his impact and willingness to rip at the ball during the tackle. Also a solid cut tackler, throws his shoulder into the thigh of ballcarriers to stop their momentum. Reliable on containment responsibilities outside against the run and on misdirection, will rip off blocks with strong hands. Willing to meet backs head-on in the hole and gives chase to plays down the line when no receiver is on his side of the field.
								Flashes some ability to backpedal quickly, but is often asked to open his hips off the line and is inconsistent transitioning forward to stay with out routes. Lunges at ballcarriers and ducks his head coming in for tackles at times.  Takes risks and lacks great ball security when fielding punts, runs with strength but lacks great elusiveness. Body-catches interceptions, will need to prove he can extend away from his frame to complete more difficult plays.
							
2013	Michael Buchanan	2539239	DE	Illinois	Illinois defensive end Whitney Mercilus climbed up NCAA statistical charts in 2011, eventually leading the nation with 16 sacks and ending up a first-round pick for the Houston Texans in April. But while watching Mercilus, scouts couldn?t help but notice Buchanan, the ?other? athletic defensive end making life difficult for opposing offenses.	Nice height and length for the position. Excellent first step, covers a lot of ground with his long strides off the edge. Can run the arc and flashes the flexibility to turn the corner. Swats offensive tackles? hands off his body to get separation after his first step. Times his spin move up well. Has showed good motor to get secondary rushes and chase ballcarriers downfield. Flashes the ability to lock onto his man?s chest and use his long arms and churning feet to bull him back. Effective at linebacker, locks up tight ends off the line and shows some the hip-fluidity and agility to play in coverage. Works inside on twists and as a stand-up blitzer, fights through gaps to harass the quarterback.
								Very lean build and lost twenty pounds before the season due to having his jaw wired shut after a fight in June. Lacks upper-body strength to get off NFL-caliber blockers and push aside defenders in close quarters. Lunging tackler, ballcarriers can run through his diving arm tackle attempts. Very upright playing style. Has major leverage issues due to getting tall right out of his stance. Struggles to anchor against better tackles in the run game, gives good effort but gets pushed off the line. Height makes him susceptible to cut blocks, does not recover quickly. Does not have pass rush moves and struggles to disengage once blockers get their hands on him. Needs to do a better job finding the ball against the run. Misses a lot of close sacks and gets run upfield too often.
							
2013	Micah Hyde	2539240	FS	Iowa	There wasn?t much Hyde couldn?t do as a high school player in northwest Ohio. He was first-team all-state as a quarterback as a senior, a three-time team captain who intercepted eight passes at safety and accounted for 111 touchdowns passing and rushing during his career. He also handled kicking duties, connecting on over 100 extra points. Despite these accomplishments, and the fact his older brother Marcus was a safety at Michigan State, Hyde wasn?t highly rated by recruiting services and was a fall-back option for most Big Ten programs. Iowa?s scholarship offer earned his loyalty -? and his play has justified their investment.	Effective zone defender with the closing speed and length to knock away passes or make the interception. Height, vertical, and strong hands allow him to snatch jump balls away and knock away throws between levels of the defense. Uses his length to keep receivers off his body in the run game and prevent ballcarriers from stiff arming him in space, also uses his hands and upper-body strength to rip off blocks. Aggressive run defender. Comes downhill in a hurry to chop down running backs. Wraps up receivers after the catch. Special teams contributor.
								Teams might be split on his best NFL position. Average recovery speed at cornerback, must prove himself in man coverage as he will fail to stay with receivers downfield. Loses track of receivers in space, gets caught looking into the backfield or stops running while looking for the ball down the sideline. Looks tight in the hips, will struggle to consistently turn and run. Ducks his head at times trying to make open-field tackles and is not a physically imposing free safety.
							
2013	Keenan Davis	2539241	WR	Iowa	Davis is now the veteran of the Hawkeyes? receiving corps. With a very young stable of running backs and a new offensive system being installed by former Texas offensive coordinator Greg Davis, expect Vandenberg to look towards his fellow senior security blanket consistently whether looking for a first down or searching for a downfield threat.	Presents an NFL build with good height and overall strength, could be a good number two starter. Versatile receiver who works in the slot and outside. Runs a lot of shallow/medium crossers and gets vertical when the offense allows. Flashes quickness after the catch, sheds defenders on comeback routes to get upfield. Attacks targets as a blocker in the run game, willing to sustain. 
								Possesses only average straight-line speed and hands. Hears footsteps going into the middle on occasion. Loses concentration in traffic, inconsistent winning jump balls, even against smaller defenders. Could be quicker off the line to threaten his corner?s cushion.
							
2013	Earl Watford	2539242	OG	James Madison	An all-city defensive lineman as a senior at Philadelphia?s Simon Gratz High School, Watford also gained recognition by being named to the Philadelphia News? public all-decade second team. Baltimore Ravens linebacker Jameel McClain and current University Florida junior defensive tackle Sharrif Floyd were among those included on the first team, while Atlanta Falcons cornerback Brent Grimes received third team honors. That?s some pretty good company for Watford to share, and is an indication of his NFL potential.	Athletically built interior player. Solid anchor in pass protection, plays with a wide base and has the feet to mirror his opponent. Packs a strong punch to knock back his man, but also takes a strong punch and holds his ground. Comes out of his stance quickly in the run game, uses strong hands and powerful extension to move opponents out of the hole and churns his feet to pancake defensive linemen when crashing down the line. Effective zone blocker because of his mobility and strength. Agile enough to move his feet to get the backside angle while engaged. Mobile behind the line of scrimmage, and displays the straight-line speed to reach targets and fits onto blocks near the line and at the second level. Will hit multiple targets in the open field. Solid in his cut blocks, makes it hard for tackles to recover. Solid anchor on special teams units. Plays with a nasty streak; brings any fight back to his opponent, and then some. Also hustles downfield to help running backs get an extra yard and is willing to clean up piles.
								Plays most games against a lower level of competition. Must continue to build strength in his base in order to consistently anchor against NFL defenders. Plays a bit tall, needs to sit down in his stance consistently and keep his natural bend to maintain leverage. Also needs to prove to scouts his agility is sufficient to adjust to quicker pro defenders in space.
							
2013	Bradley McDougald	2539243	FS	Kansas	Any time McDougald feels sorry for himself because of a bad play on the field, he can take strength from his older brother, Brandon, who was diagnosed with cancer in the fifth grade, eventually losing his leg to the disease. Now Bradley carries both of their athletic dreams on his able shoulders, potentially going all of the way to the National Football League.	Possesses the height, length and athleticism you?d expect from a converted receiver. Good straight-line speed and above average agility. Ball skills are obviously a plus, as well, given his acumen as a receiver. Makes a lick on quarterbacks or receivers in a precarious position. Whether it?s attacking ball carriers behind the line of scrimmage or pounding a receiver waiting for the ball to arrive over the middle, uses his closing speed and a strong shoulder to send them flying.
								His overaggressive nature can be used against him, gets drawn towards the line by play action and can be fooled by misdirection. Angles to the ball and physicality as a tackler are inconsistent. Chooses to dive their feet instead of breaking down to corral them at times. Scouts will also ask him about a suspension during his senior year in high school, as well as his having to turn himself in last September on an outstanding warrant for not appearing in traffic court last July.
							
2013	Nigel Malone	2539244	CB	Kansas St.	Most junior college transfers achieve All-American status at that level, and then try to find their way in the world of major college football. But Malone was a solid, but not spectacular, recruit when he arrived in Manhattan from the successful City College of San Francisco program (three interceptions in 2010), who earned second-team national honors from the Walter Camp Foundation and third-team notice from the Associated Press after his impact junior campaign.	Looks like an NFL zone corner because of his competitiveness and ability to close on throws to the outside and go up for jump balls. Not contact-shy in coverage or the run game, as is willing to cut down ballcarriers or grab and clutch to get the job done. Used regularly on blitzes because of his ability to change directions and tenacious attitude. His ability to anticipate and react to throws, as well as his hands for the interception, make him a turnover machine.
								Not an elite prospect, because he isn?t the tallest, strongest, or fastest of corners. Mostly plays off the line of scrimmage to avoid getting pushed aside by larger receivers, who can also go over the top of, separate from, and box him out. Average straight-line speed and length will cause him problems if losing a step in coverage either over the middle or down the sideline.
							
2013	Arthur Brown	2539245	ILB	Kansas St.	Brothers Arthur and Bryce Brown were top recruits coming out of Wichita East High School, Arthur as a linebacker signing with Miami (Fla.) in 2008 and his brother going to Tennessee as a running back in 2009. Neither finished their careers with those schools, however, as they chose to complete them in the same place ?- Manhattan, Kansas, to play for head coach Bill Snyder. While Bryce?s contributions to the team were limited (three carries, 16 yards), Arthur became the impact player for which the Wildcats hoped.	Instinctive player who usually finds the football and plays bigger than his height indicates. Strong, secure tackler who wraps and rarely misses, even against larger ballcarriers. Has the lower body power to stop backs? momentum when head-up and brings power into his stops when attacking ballcarriers in space. Uses hands very well. Keeps feet moving through contact. Moves towards the play side even if formation is used as misdirection. Attacks fullbacks in the hole, and does not shy from contact with linemen in the box. Uses his hands to keep pulling guards at bay, but can also dip under their shoulder to avoid their reach. Adept in coverage, can get his hands on a slot receiver or tight end, yet still come off to run with a crosser. Keeps an eye on receivers running behind him, can stay with them across the field. Handles running backs in the flat and on wheel routes. Competitive on 50/50 balls. Consistently hustles from one sideline to the other. Shows some quickness through gaps as a blitzer.
								Will be considered undersized for the inside linebacker position and doesn't have much room to grow into. Maturity questions were raised after transfer from Miami. Won't blow up blocker in front of him causing a log jam in the hole. Are times he overruns the hole due to poor vision, fails to recognize his misstake and reset.
							
2013	Chris Harper	2539246	WR	Kansas St.	Many high school quarterbacks are converted to different positions once they arrive in college because of their inadequate size, passing skills, or ability to digest a more complex offense. Some take to the move right away, while others hold onto the dream of becoming signal callers at the collegiate level. Harper fit into the latter category, resulting in a transfer, but has now begun to shine at his likely NFL position of wide receiver.	Size/speed combination is impressive. Cornerbacks trying to press him at the line see his quickness and pure acceleration down the sideline. On crosses, sells the outside routes before planting his foot to get inside position. Harper uses his size to his advantage, often shielding defenders. He also possesses a very strong set of hands that he uses to out-muscle smaller defensive backs. Very adept at catching the ball off of his frame. He is also very tough to bring down with the ball in his hands.
								Could finish plays more consistently, as he will stand around a bit while his quarterback is trying to scramble and doesn?t always sustain his blocks despite his aggressiveness. A bit stiff in the hips. Fought an ankle injury in 2011. Hasn't been immensely productive.
							
2013	Brian Winters	2539247	OG	Kent St.	Winters was an all-state pick in Ohio as a high school senior, and also earned three letters in wrestling. Usually scouts like when offensive linemen have grappling backgrounds, as that sport helps them learn to use their hands to control their opponent. But Winters actually injured his left shoulder during a match his sophomore year, and it became a major problem after popping out of place in the third game of the 2011 season. He played through the pain, however, showing another attribute typically possessed by successful wrestlers -- toughness.	Finishing plays is not an issue, steps out to attack his man quickly after the snap, latches on like he?s beginning a wrestling match, and then keeps his legs moving to sustain. Throws smaller ends to the ground if they let up as the whistle blows. Plays with a wide base and the natural flexibility to drop his hips in pass protection, yet has the foot quickness to mirror on the outside and maneuver himself into an inside position while engaged. Fires off the ball in short-yardage situations despite his height, and churns his feet moving to move the pile. Effective combo blocker, as well, as he can seal the tackle and then negate a linebacker using his length and quickness. His frame has the room to grow, and his footwork is strong enough to redirect defenders away from his quarterback or running back if he gets in trouble.
								Occasionally gets pushed off-balance and thrown aside by stronger opponents, and might be susceptible to veterans ripping down because he likes to latch on up top instead of keeping his head up and arms extended. Stops his feet while punching, allowing ends to get the inside lane or turn the corner. 
							
2013	Larry Warford	2539248	OG	Kentucky	Despite playing in the SEC, a conference known for its talent on the offensive line, Kentucky hasn?t had one of their ?big uglies? picked in the NFL draft since 1993. Warford will certainly change that trend, as the three-time second-team All-SEC pick has been on scouts? radar since he arrived in Lexington. Coaches point to Warford?s improvements on and off the field when questioned about their star lineman by the media, which is a good sign for his potential as an NFL starter.	Big-bodied guard prospect with lower-body girth. Quick feet for his size, keeps them moving in pass protection to mirror his man and can adjust quickly to ride defenders penetrating gaps out of the play. Also plays with knee bend and has arm length to maintain distance from his man, will reset and punch with one or two hands throughout the play. Capable of getting off tackle block to pick up delayed blitzer. Flashes quickness to trap and get around the tackle to lead run plays. Gets down quickly to cut block and take out linebackers in the hole on traps. Hustles downfield to help out ballcarriers when needed. Plays with some attitude, brings some pop to his punch when helping his tackle against a pass rusher.
								As one might imagine for someone of his size, Warford is not tremendously explosive out of his stance. He also struggles to react quickly enough to defenders who are simply diving at his legs. For this reason, running directly behind him on short yardage situations is not as successful as one might expect given his size. It's also possible that quicker defensive lineman in the NFL with active hands could give him problems due to this deficiency.
							
2013	Oscar Johnson	2539249	OG	Louisiana Tech	Johnson cuts an imposing figure, even on a major college program's offensive line. His massive 6-foot-6 and nearly 350-pound frame stood head and shoulders above his teammates', literally, during his first year with Louisiana Tech. The average height and weight for the other four members of the Bulldogs? line was 6-3, 309 pounds.	Pure size gives him the power to dominate inside, but that also belies a fair ability to move behind the line and to hit second-level targets, who have little chance of beating his block once he?s latched on with his strong hands. Shows the flexibility to cut down defenders on the line and on the run, as well as the agility to take one or two defensive linemen with him down the line on zone run plays.
								Foot speed is not elite in terms of pulling out in front of run plays at the next level, and NFL linebackers will be able to elude him in the run game more easily than their college counterparts. His height can also be an issue, at times, when he forgets to maintain his bend while trying to maintain leverage inside. Balance can be an issue in pass protection as he compensates for less than ideal foot speed. Pad level can be an issue.
							
2013	Quinton Patton	2539250	WR	Louisiana Tech	Louisiana Tech surprised many across the country in 2011, winning seven straight games in October and November, and the Western Athletic Conference title -? the first time they wore that crown since 2001. The Bulldogs lost a close 31-24 game to TCU in the Poinsettia Bowl, but during the broadcast, it came to light that Patton and teammate Adrien Cole gave up the $300 Best Buy certificates awarded to them in their bowl prizes to kids participating in the Make-a-Wish Foundation. Add that sort of character to his talent, and it makes scouts very intrigued with his potential as an NFL playmaker and locker room presence.	Good size for the position, has the height and length to play outside at the next level. Very good acceleration off the line, gets to full speed in a couple of steps and can shimmy to free himself and stick his foot in the ground to get inside position on slants. Uses a head fake to get the seam and possesses enough straight-line speed to take advantage of hesitating cornerbacks in off coverage. Fluid, economic mover who does plays under control. Stems to separate with good foot quickness on comebacks and out routes, also extends his arm to create space on short and deep routes. Natural hands catcher - catches the ball with his hands away from his body, even when tracking passes over either shoulder. Wins jump balls in the end zone and over the middle with good vertical and great concentration. Acrobatic and excellent at adjusting to the ball in the air, especially to the back-shoulder on fades. Good sideline awareness to get two feet in-bounds while making the catch. Used on quick throws to take advantage of his shiftiness and surprisingly tough running, lowers his shoulder and is not easy for smaller cornerbacks to drag down after the catch. Sells routes where he knows he?s not the primary target to free up the underneath or cross-field receiver. Shows fight as a run blocker, willing to hit multiple punches to keep his man at bay and works himself into the correct blocking angle. Hustles downfield to help out fellow ballcarriers. Plays with a feisty attitude.
								Extends his hands from his frame, but doesn?t snatch and secure the ball, making him struggle coming down with the ball when the defensive back contests him. As such, does not always find the ball downfield or come up with catchable passes when adjusting to it in the air. Inconsistent catching punts as a returner, makes some tough grabs running towards the sideline.
							
2013	Melvin White	2539251	CB	Louisiana-Lafayette	White?s cornerback partner, Dwight Bentley, was drafted by Detroit in the third round of the 2012 draft. While White might not Bentley?s sub 4.4 4 speed, his legitimate six-foot-plus build and physicality makes him an effective zone corner for the Ragin? Cajuns ? and an intriguing prospect for teams looking for length on the outside, or even at free safety.	White has plus size and physicality for the position. His height and vertical make him a strong jump-ball defender. When playing off, he can close on receivers quickly after the catch and lay the wood or wrap them up with his excellent length. Willing to pop into the backfield (or crash down inside when uncovered) to stop the run or bubble screens. A move to free safety is possible due to his size and tackling ability.
								Will be considered a corner/safety ?tweener by some NFL teams because of lean build and lack of fluidity in his backpedal and overall movement. Might not have the flexibility and foot quickness to trail quicker receivers off the line and to stick on double-moves. His recovery speed is also lacking once his feet stop in coverage. Needs to show he can also use his hands to effectively press, as well as beat receiver blocks outside and stick in coverage against stronger competition.
							
2013	Javone Lawson	2539252	WR	Louisiana-Lafayette	Lawson hopes to follow Jerrel Jernigan (selected by the Giants in 2010) and T.Y. Hilton (Colts, 2011) as Sun Belt receivers drafted in the third round. He hasn?t had the chance to prove his return abilities, an important factor that helped Jernigan and Hilton climb draft boards, but might at an all-star game. Scouts will certainly be intrigued with his receiving skills in any case, which he again showed while scoring three touchdowns in Ragin? Cajuns? spring game. 	Tough and quick receiver who could work inside or outside in the NFL. Has reasonably thick build, gives him some strength to make catches in traffic. Can track the ball over his shoulder and his hands are fast and strong enough to snatch errant throws around his frame. Elusive after the catch, makes a quick cut to change field. Uses a shake at the line and quick hands to get inside or the sideline against press, has enough speed to get a step on his man in a hurry. Team gets the ball in his hand quickly via bubble screens and shallow crosses. Breaks off his route, works across the field or back towards his quarterback when he is on the move. Good blocker in the run game, gets to his man off the snap, works to sustain downfield and shows some attitude when challenged.
								Might not meet size requirements to be used outside in some systems. Lacks great length or strength to get off stronger press corners, can be taken off his route by more physical defenders. Allows some throws into his body, resulting in missed opportunities. At times resorts to cut blocks and throwing his body at a target instead of keeping his feet. 
							
2013	Adrian Bushell	2539253	CB	Louisville	Bushell has taken a circuitous route to becoming an NFL prospect. He spent his first three high school years at Miami Pace, where he had 1,500 all-purpose yards as a rusher and receiver in his junior year. He moved to DeSoto, Texas (south Dallas metro area) to live with his mother for his senior year (he lived with his grandmother in Miami), scoring 17 times and intercepting two passes to become one of the nation?s top ?athlete? prospects.	Confident outside cornerback with good length. Good short-area quickness to adjust to receiver moves off the line, stay with them on double moves, and avoid their blocks in the run game. Gives good effort as a tackler, fights through stiff-arms from larger receivers to drag them down and will shove ballcarriers out of bounds?not simply escort them. Solid in run support, rips off blocks outside and will crash inside when uncovered; also effective cutting down backs in space with his shoulder. Regularly used as a blitzer. Hand-eye coordination is very good, is able to knock away passes in front of receivers and get his hands into passing lanes when blitzing. Solid hands for the interception, as well. Displays quick closing speed off the corner as a punt blocker. Offers cutting vision and toughness as a kick returner, and takes advantage of open lanes. Works as a gunner on punt coverage.
								Possesses only adequate size to play man-up against more physical receivers, who can also carry him for a few yards after contact if he isn?t the aggressor. Needs work using his hands at the line of scrimmage to knock receivers off their route; better receivers use theirs to get inside or outside position. Lacks explosiveness, will dance instead of hitting a lane hard on kick returns.
							
2013	Mario Benavides	2539254	C	Louisville	The fact Benavides has played very well during his first three years on the field for the Cardinals despite constantly fighting injuries leads scouts to wonder what he could accomplish if full healthy. He sat out versus Arkansas State in 2010 (partial tear in MCL), but played most of the season with a torn labrum (shoulder). He missed the first three games to start the 2011 season due to an infection in his ankle that seemed to come out of nowhere, and had surgery on his shoulder after the season, causing him to miss 2012 spring practices.	Nose tackles rarely bull him back or integrate themselves into plays once in his grasp because of his strength and solid footwork. Reliable on shotgun snaps and manages to get his body into the defender until his hands can get involved after unloading the ball. Picks up twists and interior blitzers, also flashes the lateral agility to mirror tackles trying to elude him in pass protection. Uses his man?s momentum to his advantage, utilizing the angle to keep him from the running lane. Unlike most solidly-built centers, he is used to pull around the edge on occasion and is also a good combo blocker, getting a good push on the tackle before neutralizing the Mike. 
								Nose tackles rarely bull him back or integrate themselves into plays once in his grasp because of his strength and solid footwork. Reliable on shotgun snaps and manages to get his body into the defender until his hands can get involved after unloading the ball. Picks up twists and interior blitzers, also flashes the lateral agility to mirror tackles trying to elude him in pass protection. Uses his man?s momentum to his advantage, utilizing the angle to keep him from the running lane. Unlike most solidly-built centers, he is used to pull around the edge on occasion and is also a good combo blocker, getting a good push on the tackle before neutralizing the Mike. 
							
2013	Alex Hurst	2539255	OT	LSU	?Big Clyde," as in the Clydesdale horse, earned his nickname from his huge six-foot-six, 340-pound frame and his strong work ethic in the weight room. He?s won the team?s top award for off-season workouts the past three years, and also LSU?s leadership award for his efforts during 2012 spring practices. 	Massive frame is difficult to ignore, especially for five-techniques trying to overpower him or out-quick him in their pass rush. Has a strong anchor and can stay engaged with linemen in pass protection once he latches on with his strong hands. Uses his pure bulk to move his man off the line in the run game when asked to drive block.
								Very slow to get off the football. Slow in his kickslide, and strugges with flexibility. Lacks lateral agility. Plays with a high pad level and will frequently lunge at his target. Less than efficient trying to negate linebackers at the second level.
							
2013	Aaron Dobson	2539256	WR	Marshall	Before Dobson even started his career at Marshall, he was a proven winner. After helping lead South Charleston High School to a state title as a senior, he joined New York Giants 2012 first-round running back David Wilson on the United States Under-19 National Team that won the first Junior World Championships in Canton, Ohio in July 2009.	Presents a tall, long build prototypical of outside vertical receivers. Runs a bit high but has a fair three-step game off the line. Ankle flexion to create separation on comeback patterns. Possesses strong hands, length, and good concentration to snatch high and wide passes. Tracks the ball well over his shoulder and makes acrobatic one-handed catches. Can make a catch with a defender draped on him. Difficult for smaller cornerbacks to drag him down, as he will churn through contact to get the extra yardage. Able to free himself off press coverage using his hands.
								Hasn?t faced many top-level defenders during his career. Owns strider?s speed, and NFL corners will make it more difficult for him to get into his routes. Not a burner, will have trouble creating consistent separation. The inconsistency of his blocking technique requires some work; he has the size to be effective but regularly hesitates to make contact, overextends, and fails to sustain against much smaller targets on the outside.
							
2013	Kenny Tate	2539257	OLB	Maryland	Though he was a top receiver prospect coming out of high school, receiving scholarship offers from all over the country, Tate decided to stay in Maryland. He moved him to safety as a freshman, playing in all 13 games as a reserve and on special teams. Tate continued as a backup much of his next season, earning four starts and increasing his tackles from 15 to 47 (including 3.5 tackles for loss, 1.5 sacks and an interception). He started all 13 games at free safety in 2010, pacing the Terrapins with 100 tackles (8.5 for loss, 3.5 sacks) while forcing four fumbles, intercepting three passes.	Recognizes plays quickly, has knowledge of angles to pursue the play. A big hitter, puts a shoulder into the ballcarrier to make him pay ?- and sometimes separate the ball. Flashes the hands and willingness to shed blockers at the point of attack. His length and strong hands help him control tight ends at the line of scrimmage, allow him to bring in easy interceptions, and also adjust to high and wide passes adeptly. Wins jump balls due to his height and leaping ability. Should be an effective blitzer off the edge, as he can win one-on-one battles with quick feet and hands.
								Susceptible to good play-action due to his aggression against the run, often leaving lanes of which backs can take advantage. Choppy backpedal and slow turn to run with receivers were major factors in his move to linebacker. Stiff in the hips. Tackling consistency is an issue. Ball carriers ran through his arm attempts despite his length. Needs to add size and strength.
							
2013	Zac Dysert	2539258	QB	Miami (OH)	It?s easy to finger Dysert  (pronounced DYE-sert) as another MAC quarterback piquing the interest of NFL general managers, especially when he?s leading the same Miami team for which Ben Roethlisberger played before winning two Super Bowls with the Pittsburgh Steelers. Over his four years starting, Dysert ended up breaking Roethlisberger?s school career passing attempts, completions, and yardage records. So it?s natural for teams to watch him closely in the hopes his skill set will translate similarly to Roethlisberger?s (even if he doesn?t quite possess Roethlisberger?s arm strength or bulk) at the next level.	Looks like an NFL quarterback, and has more room to add muscle to his frame. Keeps a solid base, active feet, and has a reliable over-the-top delivery for his accurate passes to all levels of the field. Good athlete for his size, able to sidestep and run away from blitzers in the backfield while usually keeping his eyes downfield to see if a receiver breaks open. Picks up first downs, or simply gets something out of nothing, with his feet. Shows the strength, in terms of body and arm, to get passes off with defenders hanging off his body in the pocket. Will get out of bounds instead of taking a hit on the run. Has experience both under center and in shotgun, but played in more of a shotgun spread scheme during his senior year. Flashes anticipation on crossing routes to hit his man on the run. Throws accurately on the move to his left or right, and will stop to set his feet if there?s time on moving pockets. His arm is strong enough to fling the ball 40 yards downfield on the run, and also to throw in tight windows over the middle. Flashes great placement on fades and sideline throws, puts ball on his man?s shoulder where only he can catch it. Good strength to pull down the ball at the last minute as well as step through tackle attempts in the pocket. Communicates with receivers pre-snap if he sees something worth exploiting in the defense. Big body and quick feet are helpful on quarterback sneaks. Mechanically sound overall. Has held for placement kicks.
								Pocket poise needs to improve; takes off from the pocket if his primary read is covered or he sees pressure, but is also inconsistent feeling backside rushers. Needs to prove he can find check-downs and secondary options from the pocket. Will stare down his target, allowing defenders to follow his eyes to the ball. Accuracy in the intermediate portion of the field can be streaky. Straight-line speed and elusiveness aren?t elite, quicker NFL defenders will track him down in the pocket and will make him pay for running too often. May have picked up bad habits playing for an undermanned team. Can be prone to over-improvisation and trusts his arm too much at times, throwing balls up for grabs or across his body into traffic over the middle.
							
2013	Patrick Omameh	2539259	OG	Michigan	NFL coaches and scouts certainly judge a college offensive lineman?s pro prospects by their physical attributes in part, but intelligence and character are often overlooked in the scouting process by those outside the league. Omameh presents plenty of both in his portfolio, as is evidenced by his 4.0 high school grade-point average and Academic All-Big Ten status, as well as the athleticism and power to be a starter at the next level.	Enforces his will as drive-blocker in the run game, and uses that same strong punch to knock pass rushers off their route. Plays with some bend in pass protection, and also flashes impressive flexibility and length to redirect (or cut-block) oncoming targets trying to run through the B-gap or even the A-gap to the opposite side of the center. Sustain the block when redirecting, chasing his man around the pocket until the ball is gone.
								Runs with a high pad level (with impressive speed in a straight line) and can be avoided in space by quicker defenders who see him coming. Needs to get his hands up more quickly to secure second-level blocks and to prevent tougher tackles from making him into a sled ? getting stronger in the lower body and learning to plant his feet to anchor would also help his cause against powerful NFL tackles. Learning to hold his ground in those situations make him a candidate for a starting job early in his pro career. 
							
2013	Denard Robinson	2539260	WR	Michigan	It?s easy to say that Robinson has to move from quarterback to wide receiver at the next level due to a lack of accuracy. The better question is what position will suit him best in the NFL? The conversion of Antwaan Randle El (whose Big Ten quarterback rushing record Robinson broke) might be a better template for scouts to follow because his smooth running, vision and quickness could be used in the return game, at slot receiver, or in a hybrid running back/receiver position that Dexter McCluster held for Kansas City in 2011. But no matter if Robinson will be throwing or catching at the next level, at least a couple of general managers will value his athleticism enough to select him somewhere in the first two days of the draft.	Possesses elite change of direction, acceleration, and top-end speed. Track speed makes it very difficult for defenders to get the angle on him once he?s in the open field. Sidesteps breaking down or penetrating linebackers in the hole with quick feet, heads outside. Also flows through creases up the middle; deadly when defenses are spread in the red zone. Thick lower body with strong legs. Spins out of tackles in space, has balance to continue on for big gains. Very patient runner who reads blocks like a veteran, following linemen on zone and stretch plays. Not contacts-shy, will try to get the extra yard as a ball-carriers, often falling forward as he?s being wrapped up. As a passer, he can stretch the field with a strong arm, displays some touch on fades and over the top of defenses, and find open receivers on the run. Accurate in the short-to-medium passing game, especially to stationary targets. Usually operates from the shotgun, but does come out from under center. Has confidence in his arm to throw into traffic. Escapes the pocket in a hurry, but keeps his eyes up to flip the ball to a receiver when trapped by rushing defenders. Generally makes the right decision in the zone-read option, though he will make an occasional risky pitch or hand off when he should have kept the ball.
								Does not have a proven pro position. Must prove he can catch NFL throws/punts/kickoffs, take a beating from pro defenders as a ballcarrier, and learn how to pass protect. Does not power through tackles due to upright running style. Ball security is an issue because of his slight build and willingness to spin out of tackles; eight fumbles in 2011. Lacks the size teams usually look for in their quarterbacks, and the accuracy in the more difficult timing patterns that pro passers must complete. Throws passes up for grabs, ending with mixed results based on the talent of the defense. NFL defenders are more likely to prevent him from seeing the field and wrap him up in the backfield when he hesitates to pull the trigger. Nagging injuries over the course of his career, and he?s had an extensive rushing workload, even for a quarterback.
							
2013	Johnny Adams	2539261	CB	Michigan St.	All you need to know about Adams is that he often lined up at defensive end in high school at about 160 pounds. In games in which he wasn't getting three or four sacks, he intercepted passes (nine in his last two years) and made plays as a return specialist (nine punt return touchdowns as a sophomore). That sort of tenaciousness and all-around playmaking ability shows off an attitude scouts love in a NFL cornerback prospect.	Wiry-tough corner who plays bigger than he measures. Long arms for his frame. Shows foot work at the line to stick with head fakes and hesitation moves. Creates contact to stay with his man down the sideline. Has excellent ball skills and concentration. Comes off his man to play the ball, snatching passes away from his frame, tracks the ball over his shoulder. Aware defender, comes off his man, or the first read in zone, to make plays. Also undercuts receivers on short passes to step in front. Transitions forward from pedal to corral receivers after the catch and avoid their blocks. Plays a lot of snaps in the slot, and is a regular blitzer because he is a solid tackler and can pack a punch. Incredibly effective tackler in the run game. Seeks the ball carrier and looks to invite contact. Attacks the edge on plays coming his way and regularly sticks his nose between the tackles when uncovered. Gives  effort, has a bit of a burst to make tackles.
								Possesses only average height and very thin in the lower half. Often in press-bail or playing off, must prove he can ride a man off his route in press. Doesn't have extensive experience backpedaling and is not particularly low or smooth while changing directions. Takes extra steps when cutting and lacks recovery speed. Larger receivers get inside position, separate from him coming out of their cuts and can win jump balls over the top. Also gets stiff-armed and bulled in the open field by stronger ballcarriers due to his relative lack of size and strength. Has trouble disengaging from better receiver and tight end blocks in the run game and beating running backs in pass protection as a blitzer.
							
2013	Johnthan Banks	2539262	CB	Mississippi St.	Banks was recruited as a safety out of high school, and started there for the final seven games of his true freshman season for the Bulldogs. He even intercepted erstwhile quarterback Tim Tebow twice in the team?s 2009 loss to the Gators, scoring on a 100-yard return at the end of the first half. But his play at cornerback the past two seasons is what has put him on NFL scouts? radar as a potential starter at the next level.	Height, length and competitive nature could make him a starter. Good hands for the interception, can high-point passes and make difficult catches with superb concentration. Effective on jump balls in end zone and knocks away passes from behind without interfering. Does not give up on plays even as receiver is catching the ball. Former safety is not contact-shy, solid tackler when coming downhill. Quick to attack running plays, even when playing off-coverage, making it tough for receivers to get a hand on him. Effective as a blitzer against the run and pass. Rips at the ball whether making a tackle downfield or attacking the quarterback in the backfield. Excellent mirror and change of direction skills, displays loose hips despite being a tall corner. Not asked to play a lot of press coverage and he?s not very strong, but he has a quick disruptive jam.
								Getting bigger, but still quite thin, especially in his lower half. Stronger backs can still carry him when they have a head of steam and physical receivers can block him on the edge and separate from him easily downfield. Plays a bit tall, will miss tackles coming in high and lacks strength to arm tackle receivers. Does not have elite straight-line speed, will not recover once losing a step. Rarely backpedals, asked to play mostly off-coverages and opens his hips early to prevent getting beat deep. Inconsistent looking for and finding the ball in the air, miss-timing jumps and taking bad angles to the ball. Can get caught peeking in the backfield.
							
2013	Josh Boyd	2539263	DT	Mississippi St.	While scouts flocked to Starkville to see burgeoning first-round defensive tackle Fletcher Cox attack quarterbacks last fall, they couldn?t help but notice the play of the Bulldogs? high-motor starting nose tackle. Boyd decided not to leave for the NFL with his fellow junior after the season, in hopes of even bettering his draft stock as a senior.	Has ever-churning legs that continually keeps his feet moving while engaged to press the pocket and when chasing ballcarriers down the line. Flashes a burst off the line, keeps pad level low. Maintains leverage, holds up at the point. Displays a nice swim move to beat blockers. Flashes the quickness to attack gaps on zone runs and spin off blocks to get into plays when singled up.
								His average size can be an issue when facing stronger, longer interior offensive linemen (not to mention strong doubles) who can land their punches to send him backwards. Does move to his sides very well, lacks agility. Doesn't display the speed to pursue. Scouts aren?t sure if Boyd can be a true three-technique, either, meaning he?ll be limited to a one-gap nose tackle role.
							
2013	Zaviar Gooden	2539264	OLB	Missouri	Gooden?s No. 25 jersey has special meaning to the University of Missouri program. It was the number worn by Aaron O?Neal, a redshirt freshman who passed away just a couple of hours after a July 2005 voluntary team workout. Though O?Neal passed before Gooden arrived on campus, he still feels that he represents the late linebacker and his family ?- and it shows in his play.	Speedy Will linebacker who attacks quickly when he gets a clear picture, closing in a hurry to attack plays in the backfield. Follows play action between the tackles then goes to the flat to take away the running back. Fluid hips, and his good change-of-direction ability is also useful over the middle against backs, tight ends, and slot receivers. Clicks-and-closes to make the tackle quickly once the ball is thrown. Takes on blocks from tight ends and fullbacks, stays moving to the ball while engaged and sheds to make the play. Gets under their shoulder to get leverage and contain. Solid wrap-up tackler in the open field, with good length for his size and an aggressive attitude to bring the ball carrier to the ground. Also strong enough to lower his pads and stop the forward momentum of piles. Utilizes his speed to hustle downfield regularly. He?ll contribute heavily on special teams coverage units.
								Possesses only average overall size. Backpedal is really stilted and he bends at the waist to make tackles instead of bending his knees. Primarily reads back flow and can be hesitant or get caught false-stepping when he doesn?t get a clear picture. His aggressiveness can take him out of plays on occasion, as he?ll head into the backfield as running backs run past through the hole. Hasn?t been used as a pass rusher often, and doesn?t win hand battles at the line with linemen and running backs. Not a schematically diverse player, will be limited to just the weakside linebacker spot for 4-3 teams.
							
2013	Rex Burkhead	2539265	RB	Nebraska	There?s a lot to like about Rex Burkhead. His production on the field is exceptional, even as defenses load up the box to stop Nebraska?s option rush attack, but his work in the classroom and the community are also impressive. The 2011 CoSIDA Academic All-American earned national attention for his relationship with a young cancer patient who is among his biggest fans ? and has done other service work for which he?s received no special notice, which is probably just fine with him.	Slasher who uses his foot quickness to find his way through traffic to move the chains. In one-back or two-back sets, can start with the flow then cut back into a running lane, spinning through trash on his way to consistent four or five-yard rushes. His lateral quickness comes into play when penetrating defenders look to corral him; somehow he finds a way to cut left or right to run away from their waiting arms. There?s no questioning his toughness, carries the mail 30 times a game and gives great effort trying to use his good lean to plow through arm tackles for extra yardage. Not used as a receiver very often, but his solid hands, quickness and agility will make him a valued weapon in the passing game. Those hands make him a solid safety valve punt returner, as well, even if he hasn?t yet shown explosiveness in that duty.
								Not the most powerful of backs, NFL defenders will stone him at the point of attack more regularly than their college counterparts because of his average lower-body strength. Leggy runner who can look out of control at times, though he usually manages to keep his balance. His pass protection form is inconsistent; sometimes he will hold his ground and throw a shoulder into a blitzer, but veteran rushers will easily elude his attempts to lie at their feet. 
							
2013	Daimion Stafford	2539266	SS	Nebraska	For the second straight year, Nebraska?s top defensive prospect will be a player who didn?t begin his career in Lincoln. Linebacker Lavonte David parlayed his two exceptional seasons with the Cornhuskers (after a couple of great years at Fort Scott Community College) into a second-round selection in the 2012 draft by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.	Solid build. Downhill player with the closing speed, thick build, and tenacity to throw himself into piles as a run defender. Levels receivers trying to make catches over the middle and makes them pay for grabbing sideline patterns. Movement skills are good enough to make plays in zone and handle man coverage responsibilities for short periods. Used in a lot of two-deep looks. Effective when playing in the box.
								Aggressive run defender who will overrun plays to give up cutback lanes. Thick build hinders his flexibility and agility to stay with receivers downfield. Can be a step late getting to the sideline from the hash or covering deep outs. Inconsistent finding the ball in the air, will overrun or come up short on deep balls.
							
2013	Ben Cotton	2539267	TE	Nebraska	Barney Cotton probably hoped that someday one of his sons would follow in his footsteps to play for the Cornhuskers, but the team?s offensive line coach now has three of his progeny suiting up for him ? making Nebraska the only FBS squad able to claim that distinction in 2012. Ben is the oldest of the group, and could be the start of a Gronkowski-like assault on NFL rosters over the next few seasons.	Looks like a third tackle as a blocker at times, negating defensive ends and linebackers with his length and attitude. Knows the correct blocking angles, gets his feet in position before or while engaging his target. Combo blocks are often effective of stunning the down lineman and shielding the linebacker from making the play. If a defensive end gets under his skin, he?ll finish blocks more intensely as the game wears on. Shows enough agility and speed as a receiver to get through defenders over the middle when coming off the line unchallenged. Flashes the hands to make the easy catches to move the chains and more difficult ones in traffic.
								His straight-line speed and quickness from his three-point stance won?t threaten NFL linebackers. Receives so few opportunities to make plays in the passing game it?s difficult to project the reliability of his hands. Not necessarily a dominating blocker and his tall, lean build and average overall agility will cause him to overextend and lose his balance, especially when his hand placement is off.
							
2013	Chris Barker	2539268	OG	Nevada	Nevada?s Hall of Fame head coach, Chris Ault, started calling his offensive line ?The Union? 30 years ago in order to give the group a strong identity. The Union has produced just one draft pick during that time in tackle Tony Moll (long-time NFL lineman Derek Kennard -? whose son, Devon, is a senior defensive end at USC ?- was undrafted after his career at UNR), but Barker is likely to double that total if he continues his strong play as a senior.	Athletic. Shows good bend getting into his three-point stance and can fire out to get into his opponent off the snap. His foot quickness allows him to flourish on zone plays, get blocking angles while engaged, as well as combo effectively to negate second-level targets even if they try to elude him. Moves behind the line well to pull and trap per the design of the play. Has a thick overall build. Experience on the left and right sides of the line is a nice bonus.
								Does not necessarily dominate in terms of latching onto the numbers of better defenders to drive them backwards or turn them out of the hole in the run game. Lets up before the whistle blows at times, allowing his man to get back into the play.
							
2013	Duke Williams	2539269	FS	Nevada	Michael ?Duke? Williams grew up in Reno, and decided to suit up for his hometown Wolf Pack instead of going to higher-profile programs Southern California and Boise State. Not only was he a three-time all-state selection at safety for Hug High School, but he helped the basketball and track and field  teams win titles (he excelled in sprints and the high jump). That athleticism and his YouTube-friendly big hits have already caught the eyes of NFL scouts ?- which means he?ll get a chance to experience living outside Nevada for the first time when he shows up for his rookie training camp.	Sprinter background becomes obvious when watching him close to the sideline on running backs or track down the ball while it?s in the air. Physicality not typical of sprinter, relishes the chance to pound the shoulder or mid-section of ballcarriers after coming across the field. Fills a gap in the run games even if starting the play in a cover-two alignment due to his recognition and reaction abilities. His athleticism helps him break down in the open field and his length aids him drag them to the ground, making him a reliable open-field tackler. Another important component of Williams' game is that he shows great balance in coverage, showcasing a smooth back-pedal, and fluid hips. Shows the hands to make difficult interception, as well.
								Like many aggressive college safeties, gets sucked up by play action. Needs to prove his average size is enough to handle the strength and speed of larger pro receivers in coverage; often lines up against slot receivers, showing good agility but also manhandling them (which will draw a flag at the next level) down the field, especially if he gets tripped up on their first move.  Has had multiple off-field issues while playing in his hometown, as well, including arrests for underage possession of alcohol (November 2009) and driving with a suspended license and without insurance after being in a car accident (December 2011). 
							
2013	Sylvester Williams	2539270	DT	North Carolina	Williams thought he was done with football after high school, as he only played one season and wasn't on anyone's radar as a recruit. In fact, he nearly dropped out of high school because he wasn't going to class. But after working at a factory (Modine Manufacturing Company, whose products include vehicle radiators) for a while post-graduation and seeing similarly sized players on the field at a Kansas Jayhawks game, Williams realized that he could go to college using his natural size and ability on the football field.	Wide body nose tackle with an unexpected bit of quickness off the snap. Has girth through the middle that makes him tough to move when he looks to anchor. Keeps his eyes in the backfield and locates the ball well (and will sniff out the occasional screen). Uses strong hands and upper body to rip past and push aside lesser linemen. Good flexibility and balance, showing the ability to bend and roll his hips through contact off the ball and keep a wide base to anchor against base blocks and doubles. Violent tackler, will throw ball carriers to the ground. Has enough short-area quickness to charge through the A-gap off the snap. Spins off blocks when moving forward to threaten hesitating quarterbacks or get a hand on running backs in the backfield. Can two-gap, moves to either side of his man to corral backs coming between the tackles. Shows good leverage, pad level, and hand quickness to split double teams. When fresh, he will chase a bit more than most players his size against the run as well as give a second effort if his initial pass rush move fails.
								Lacks closing speed to get a lot of sacks or make plays outside the box. Overly reliant on the swim move. Does not bull linemen backwards very often, won?t out-quick NFL guards. Flashes quickness off the snap, but gets stuck on blocks too often when tired, and loses ability to get to the ball even if able to disengage. Can get low and create a pile on the goal line, but gets pushed back when playing high in other short-yardage situations. Doesn?t have the athleticism to stop his momentum. Will run himself too far upfield and miss sacks and tackles when he can?t stop himself and break down. Turns 24 during the 2012 season.
							
2013	Kevin Reddick	2539271	ILB	North Carolina	Everyone knows the trials and tribulations that the North Carolina football program has faced over the past couple of seasons, but Reddick?s suffered his own personal setbacks while in Chapel Hill. He played a season at Hargrave Military Academy after his qualifying ACT score caused a red flag from the NCAA (he failed to meet the required mark on his re-take). Reddick then enrolled at Chapel Hill in January 2009, but missed most of spring practices with mononucleosis. As if that wasn?t enough, the North Carolina native lost his high school state championship ring and pictures of his young daughter in an apartment fire (started on the floor above) in July 2010.	Intelligent, hard-working defender who consistently fulfills his assignments. When at middle linebacker, he reads his keys, doesn?t freelance, hits his run fits, and doesn?t play outside of his abilities. Good vision to the ball, out-quicks approaching linemen, works his way through trash well, and has the upper body strength to wrap up running backs coming through the hole. Also takes out linemen with cut blocks to free up teammates to make the stop. Shows surprising dip and flexibility around the edge as a defensive end, and boxes well to force the ball back inside. Does not possess sideline to sideline range, but has a nice short area closing burst, coming downhill quickly on blitzing or seeing a lane to a running back. Breaks down quickly to grab elusive ballcarriers trying to cut against the grain. Can handle short areas in zone coverage over the middle against tight ends and crossers, and is capable of dropping into coverage even after showing blitz in the A-gaps before the snap.
								Height works against him at times; loses the leverage battle in the run game and struggles dealing with trash at his feet, being susceptible to cut blocks. Better reading his keys to beat blockers to their spot than taking them on and disengaging. Gets overaggressive shooting gaps and running himself upfield, allowing backs to find cutback lanes. Lacks elite recovery speed to catch ballcarriers if he false steps or is unable to get off a block. Must prove he has the stamina to play four quarters at a high level in the NFL. Phone booth player with average change-of-direction ability who will struggle in space. Although he played more on the edge as a senior, it?s unlikely that he has the length or athleticism to do so in the NFL.
							
2013	Jonathan Cooper	2539272	OG	North Carolina	Scouts have focused on the Tar Heels? defense, for the most part, over the past few seasons; nine UNC defenders have been selected in the last three drafts. But Cooper might be North Carolina?s highest-drafted lineman since tackle Harris Barton was drafted in the first round (No. 22 overall) by the San Francisco 49ers in 1987.	Athletic guard, but with some girth in his lower body to anchor against oncoming tackles. Tough to beat in pass protection, possesses foot quickness, bend, and arm extension to mirror. Excellent mobility behind the line, regularly pulls to the left and right. Excellent at adjusting quickly to negate moving targets on the second level. Springs out of his stance to reach linebackers in the run game or to jump inside of tackles to seal off a rushing lane. Used as a personal protector on a moving pocket. Shows good hand strength, popping his defender quickly off the snap and getting inside hand position. Flashes some attitude when challenged, maintaining contact and chasing his man out of the play. Quick recovery speed to get up after a cut block. Good pad level and surge coming out of his stance. Gets vertical movement on his man on base and double blocks. Constantly works his feet and swings his hips to get position on reach blocks. Rolls his hips through contact, and works to place his body between his man and the ball carrier.
								Has only average height and bulk, and is a bit long-legged for the position (though he should continue to grow in an NFL strength and conditioning program). Functional strength is only adequate; stronger tackles get a bit of push against him in pass protection. Will have occasional missed assignments in pass protection.
							
2013	Brennan Williams	2539273	OT	North Carolina	Williams? father, Brent, was a defensive lineman in the NFL for 11 seasons (1986-1996), racking up 45 <U+00BD> sacks, mostly with the New England Patriots. But Brennan grew so large that he dwarfs his dad?s 6-foot-4, 283-pound frame, making him a better candidate to block pass rushers than become one.	Tall tackle with an athletic build, but with some strength in his arms and girth in the lower body. Shows bend in his three-point stance and a solid get-off in spite of his height. Extreme length allows him to ride defensive ends around the pocket or stop them cold if they try the inside lane. Good punch on first contact knocks ends off their routes. Flashes movement skills behind the line of scrimmage on pulls. Uses natural bend and strong hands to hit and sustain stationary targets at the second level and in the open field. Comes off the ball hard and stays with run blocks throughout the play, moving his feet and extending, sometimes taking his man to the ground. 
								Does not possess elite quickness to play on the left side. Can be a tick late off the snap. Inconsistent maintaining his bend and keeping his slide short in pass pro, which opens the door for quicker edge rushers. Stops his feet after initial contact in pass pro too often, bending at the waist and relying on his length instead of keeping quick feet to mirror. Lacks agility to hit quick targets at the second level. Recovery speed usually enough to win against college ends but might not against NFL veterans. Doesn?t lock onto better ends quickly enough, they can rip past him before he gets his hands up. 
							
2013	Erik Highsmith	2539274	WR	North Carolina	The Tar Heels? Dwight Jones received a lot of publicity and accolades for his outstanding 1,000-yard senior season, but off-field and inconsistency issues dropped him out of the 2012 draft altogether. Highsmith finished second to Jones in receiving last season as a junior (51 receptions, 726 yards, five TD), and should match his former teammate?s accomplishments in 2012 ? then do him one better by locking up a mid-round draft slot in April. 	Owns the requisite height and length to line up outside. Keeps a step on his man once his strides kick downfield, but also shows the quick feet to free himself inside. Comes off the stem well on outs to separate, also using his frame to shield cornerbacks, while also freezing defenders with jerk routes to find himself in a wide open area. Tough runner after the catch who lowers his pads to fight through tackles, can also make the first man miss with a quick sidestep. His hands are strong enough to grab throws before they reach his body and reach up for high passes, even in tight quarters. Coaches set him in motion, as if running a reverse, several times in some games to create confusion in the defense.
								Build-up speed and average agility might prevent Highsmith from being among the elite prospects in the class; he takes a few steps to get to his top striding gear and won?t out-run or elude NFL cornerbacks on a regular basis. Shows potential as a blocker with his size and strength, but needs to attack his man and move his feet while engaged to sustain. 
							
2013	Mike Glennon	2539275	QB	N.C. State	Taking over for a highly regarded team leader is no easy task. Glennon pulled it off about as well as you would expect in 2011 given his lack of experience sitting behind Russell Wilson for three seasons. Wilson?s transfer to Wisconsin after the N.C. State coaching staff thought he?d be better off chasing his baseball dreams elsewhere put Glennon in a tough spot, but in the end he came through, leading the team to a 8-5 record and bowl win in his first season as the starter.	Progress as a passer began to show in the final three games of the year, connecting on 65 percent of his throws for 274 yards a game, 11 touchdowns and just two picks in wins over Clemson, Maryland and Louisville in the Belk Bowl. Uses his height to see receivers running open in the short and medium ranges, making accurate throws to lead them into open areas after the catch. His long legs don?t prevent him from running a pro-style attack, as he seems able to work from under center and run bootlegs. Arm strength is certainly sufficient to distribute the ball all over the field, and he can place it between defenders over the middle when his target sits down in zones.
								His average foot quickness will cause him issues trying to avoid defenders in a collapsing pocket. Tends to retreat instead of stepping up to deliver in the face of pressure -- though his arm gives him a chance to get the ball out of bounds or find an open target while still backpedalling. And while he has the arm and tight spiral to threaten defenses with the deep ball, his inconsistent accuracy and reading of coverages keep him from being efficient in the vertical game.
							
2013	Kapron Lewis-Moore	2539276	DE	Notre Dame	After watching Lewis-Moore stand toe-to-toe with 2012 top five pick Matt Kalil during the traditional Notre Dame-USC rivalry game, it was hard to imagine that he had detached the MCL from his right knee during the contest. The injury cost him the last half of his junior season, but the performance against Kalil and the rest of the Trojans? offensive line earned the respect of coaches and scouts alike.	Plays the three and five-technique positions well, thick build. Possesses a nice combination of strength (he can push single blocks backwards and stand up to double teams) and looks like a 270-pound end with the short-area agility to play head-up or shading the left tackle. When fresh, he?s constantly using his hands to direct his blocker or shed to make plays against the run.
								Doesn't have ideal length. Knee injury history. Not an elite pass rusher because of a lack of explosiveness off the snap and closing speed. Tends to be on the ground more often than scouts prefer, either failing to defeat cut blocks with his hands or losing his balance after contact.
							
2013	Manti Te'o	2539277	ILB	Notre Dame	Te?o (pronounced TAY-oh, first name is MAN-tie) decided to follow the example of his former teammate, receiver Michael Floyd, in returning to South Bend for his senior year despite having the talent to leave early for the NFL. Floyd parlayed a very good final campaign with the Irish into a first-round draft slot, as he was selected 13th overall by the Arizona Cardinals; that?s something Te?o also hopes to emulate this April, and winning multiple national awards and finishing second in Heisman voting doesn't hurt that goal.	Aggressive middle linebacker with a thick overall build. Vocal leader on the off the field, communicates the call and moves teammates into place when necessary. Downhill player who recognizes plays and closes quickly. Provides pop as a tackler, capable of thumping the ballcarrier and wrapping up to secure the stop. Aware run-stopper between the tackles, finds the ball and can mirror backs to prevent cutbacks. Stops backs? momentum on first contact and drive them backwards. Takes on linemen and fullbacks, can bounce or use his hands to rip off and make a stop. Hustles to recover from cut blocks, work through double teams at the second level. Shows enough movement skills to follow stretch plays to either sideline and cover running backs in the flat. Drops to the first-down marker, but is able to close on receivers and backs over the middle to prevent yards after the catch. Attacks gaps as a delayed blitzer, will try to work past the shoulder of linemen picking him up. High character player who performs community service and became an Eagle Scout in 2008.
								Only average height for the position. Linemen and bigger tight ends have a size and length advantage, can ride him out of plays. Backpedal is high and stiff on his drops.  Must prove he has the short-area quickness and long speed to stay with tight ends and receivers in coverage. Takes false steps on play action and misdirection; has only adequate recovery speed. Blunt instrument as a tackler, slips off some tackles when trying to make a big hit. Comes into ballcarriers with his head down at times, allowing them to elude him.
							
2013	Jamoris Slaughter	2539278	SS	Notre Dame	There isn?t anywhere that Slaughter hasn?t lined up over the past three years in South Bend. Even at six feet, 200 pounds, he has played a safety/linebacker hybrid position in addition to lining up as a nickel back and either safety spot. This versatility will endear him to NFL defensive coordinators always on the lookout for players able to stay on the field no matter the offensive personnel. 	Solid pass defender. Knocks receivers off their route with a strong punch, and has the read-and-react skills to follow quarterbacks? eyes and knock away passes in zone. Attacking blitzer, able to throw aside running backs and run under the shoulder of tackles trying to protect their quarterback. Also plays with strength against the run, fighting off receivers to contain on the edge. Brings attitude into head-on collisions in the open field, can stop backs in the hole. Contributes on special teams coverage units, using speed and intensity to fight through blocks.
								Lacks a true position. Might not have the size to suceed against tight ends or the foot quickness to handle faster receivers. Spends a lot of time around the line, will needs to prove the range and ability to read routes in two-deep looks. Hasn?t been challenged in coverage often. Injuries.
							
2013	Travis Carrie	2539279	CB	Ohio	Carrie?s career at Ohio University has certainly seen its highs and lows. The 2012 team captain had a break-out performance as a junior, intercepting four passes and breaking up 13 others while helping his game to a MAC Championship Game appearance and Potato Bowl win over Utah State. In 2009, however, Carrie was suspended indefinitely by the school for being arrested with another member of the team for receiving stolen computers (he paid $200 for a computer taken from a residence hall).  He pled guilty to a felony count, was sentenced to 180 days in jail (serving two, with the other 178 suspended unless he stayed out of trouble for two years), 100 hours of community service and a $150 fine.	Thick build for a cornerback, giving him the strength to handle himself in run support, press receivers at the line, and wrap up (or make the big hit on) ballcarriers. Strength does not appreciably limit his short-area foot quickness, capable of trailing over the middle and staying with receivers downfield. Coaches appreciate his athleticism and instincts in coverage enough to use him at free safety at times. His hands are strong enough to pick off late passes and win the tip drill, and he can separate the ball from its intended receiver with strong tackles.
								His lack of height will be a problem against tall NFL receivers on deep routes and in the red zone. Must prove his straight-line speed to scouts, as striders can maintain their distance downfield if they beat him at the top of the route. Misses his punch at the line at times, though he tends to recover quickly. General managers want assurances that Carrie learned his lesson from his off-field incident. 
							
2013	John Simon	2539280	DE	Ohio St.	Simon has a well-deserved reputation as a workout warrior, putting up big numbers and going through tough endurance skills in the weight room ever since high school. He?s also a two-time team captain at Ohio State, presenting just about everything an NFL team wants in a prospect in terms of strength and leadership. 	Strong, high-motor defender. Can break down to tackle ballcarriers in the backfield. Combines agility with excellent upper-body strength to be a secure and explosive tackler. Works down the line with a blocker on his shoulder without giving up ground. Will pressure the upfield shoulder of slower tackles when selling out as a rusher, possesses enough flexibility to capture quarterbacks stepping up in the pocket. Patient when containing, stays engaged until ballcarriers goes inside or outside, then rips off to chase. Uses his hands very well, often batting down the arms of linemen attempting to block him. Displays good pad level. Two-time captain leads his teammates vocally and by example.
								Shorter than many teams prefer in a defensive lineman, and his length is only adequate. Late to react to the snap, less than stellar first step. Slow in spin move attempts. Can struggle to get off blocks from better tackles and will lose sight of the ball at times. Might need to drop some weight to gain agility and quickness whether playing end or linebacker. Not very experienced getting deep drops in coverage or playing man-up for longer periods of time.
							
2013	Nate Williams	2539281	DE	Ohio St.	Williams was considered a key part of the Buckeyes in 2011, a squad still trying to figure out their future with former head coach Jim Tressel forced into retirement due to off-the-field issues surrounding the program. But in the season opener against Akron, the team?s starting defensive end suffered a knee injury that, at first, was only supposed to require arthroscopic surgery to repair. But eventually, it was discovered that micro-fracture surgery would be needed before Williams could return.	Tough, instinctive player. Upper body power. Challenges the lateral movement of tackles whether playing with his hand down or standing up (and on the left or right side), can accelerate to the quarterback if his man overextends. Contain on bootlegs and misdirection, chases down backs even if they get an advantage on stop-start moves in the backfield. Keeps his eyes in the backfield and uses strong hands to get off blocks to make plays in the hole. Also spin off blocks to grab backs going through the line or chase down scrambling quarterbacks. Plays strong against tight ends outside, showing attitude with his ability to rip off their blocks to free himself.
								Left knee must check out medically after having microfracture and athroscopic surgery last fall. A lack of bulk allowsbetter linemen to stone Williams? advances and control him on the edge. A bit of a 'tweener. His get-off, flexibility and hand usage are not quite enough for him to be an elite pass rusher. Doesn't always take the best angles, and his over-aggressive nature can be used against him. Must sense cut blocks more quickly and use his hands to defeat them.
							
2013	Etienne Sabino	2539282	OLB	Ohio St.	The late Charles ?Sonny? Spielman was the proud father of Chris, an All-American at Ohio State and NFL Pro Bowl linebacker, and Rick, the current general manager of the Minnesota Vikings. The long-time high school head coach in Ohio retired to Florida, but stayed involved in football as an assistant coach at Dr. Krop High School in Miami; there?s no doubt his words and connections helped Sabino decide to head north from Krop to play their college football in Columbus before he lost his battle with cancer in 2008 at the age of 71.	Well-built, athletic linebacker who plays on the strong side and in the middle. Fights through blocks in the hole, and is capable of using violent hands to shed and grab running backs. Brings a powerful punch to pulling guards and fullbacks in the run game, and is tough to keep out of the backfield on A-gap blitzes. Shows enough speed to flow with stretch plays outside to make the stop, and hustles to the ball when there?s any chance to make a play.
								Lateral movement might be an issue if playing outside; he might not stay on the field in nickel situations unless he proves the short-area quickness to do so at the next level. Plays with a high pad level, failing to break down in the hole against quicker ballcarriers. Must get his hands up consistently when attacking blocks, whether on the edge or against running backs on blitzes. Underwhelming career.
							
2013	Jake Stoneburner	2539283	TE	Ohio St.	Despite his lack of opportunities, Stoneburner clearly has talent. He played in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl after an All-Ohio senior season at Dublin Coffman High School where he had 74 catches for 1,267 yards and 15 touchdowns as a senior receiver. After redshirting his first year on campus, he caught only two passes (for 30 yards) in early-season games in 2009. In 2010, however, he flashed strong receiving skills when catching 21 passes for 222 yards and two scores ?- including three for 39 in the Buckeyes? Sugar Bowl win over Arkansas.	Good height and length for the position. Appears to be a solid receiver in his limited opportunities, adjusts to throws adeptly, and has a wide catching radius. Some ability after the catch. Has enough straight-line speed to get downfield and foot quickness to separate from linebackers on jerk routes. Mirrors and sustains with strong hands and solid footwork against defensive ends on the edge once he gets his hands on them.
								Presents only adequate overall bulk and quickness off the line. Must prove he can stay on his routes when facing immediate contact from linebackers in coverage. Does not attack his man consistently and will leans and lunge while blocking quicker defenders in the run game, gets off-balance. Arrested for running from police officers after they caught him urinating on a building in June 2012, had his scholarship revoked but charges were eventually dropped.
							
2013	Demontre Hurst	2539284	CB	Oklahoma	Hurst is one of many Texas high school players who make their way up to Norman (after nearly going to Stillwater to attend Oklahoma State) each recruiting season, and he made the Longhorns pay for their lack of vision in the 2011 Red River Rivalry blowout (55-17) by returning an interception 55 yards for a score.	Hurst plays hard, and is willing to support in the run game. Quick feet help him move effortlessly forward or backwards to stay with receivers all over the field. Flashes the zone awareness to find and make plays against a second receiver coming into his area. Possesses fast hands to knock away passes, and works hard to rip out the ball as the receiver tries to rein it in.
								Won't be able to play outside in the NFL. Slender frame. Doesn't possess adequete strength to challenge receivers like he did in college. Will get locked onto blocks in the running game. Bringing down bigger ballcarriers is also an issue for him, as receivers can spin out of his tackle attempts even when he closes fast and is in position to make the play.
							
2013	Stacy McGee	2539285	DT	Oklahoma	McGee hasn?t reminded scouts of former Sooners first-round picks Tommie Harris (taken 14th overall by the Chicago Bears in 2004) and Gerald McCoy (third, Tampa Bay, 2010) by exploding into opponents? backfield to put up huge statistics throughout the past four years in Norman. But he does possess the physical attributes NFL teams covet in their defensive linemen.	Athletic build and good foot speed for a penetrating three-technique tackle or five-technique end. Gets upfield with a long and quick first step when attacking a gap. Chases ballcarriers towards the sideline and downfield to help out teammates if needed, as well as keep his feet while engaged to work down the line on run plays. Flashes the ability to keep his eyes in the backfield and shed to grab running backs coming through the hole.
								Lack of production throughout career. Multiple off the field incidents; suspensions. Doesn't use his hands enough. Won't finish plays after initial surge. Has been frequently rotated in order to maximize freshness. Needs to show more power.
							
2013	Lane Johnson	2539286	OT	Oklahoma	Colleges have been converting tight ends into offensive tackles for years in order to maximize the athleticism of outside linemen consistently facing defensive ends with speed and power. Johnson showed the chops to make this transition as a starting right tackle in 2011, though his search for a home position was more complex than it is for most promising NFL prospects.	Uses his athleticism well, displaying good foot quickness to mirror pass rushers off the edge to deny them the corner and adjust to their inside moves. Easily reaches second-level targets when pulled outside or stepping up in the box, and sustains the block. Generally plays with good pad level and balance despite his height, and can fire out from a three-point stance and generate a bit of push on run plays. Johnson?s feet keep moving through initial contact, allowing him to get into the correct blocking angle while engaged. He also uses his hands and length well to maintain distance with the defender. NFL coaches will like that he plays with an attitude, as he looks willing to hand-fight with defensive ends, usually landing multiple strong punches, and will consistently finish blocks with a strong arm extension.
								Lack of experience on the offensive line is a concern, so putting another strong season on tape will be a boon to his draft stock. Height will always be an issue when trying to get leverage against veteran pro defensive linemen, must continue to add strength throughout his frame to control and anchor. 
							
2013	Landry Jones	2539287	QB	Oklahoma	Unlike his predecessor, Sam Bradford, Jones chose to return to Oklahoma for his senior year to help the Sooners win a BCS title, and probably to hang around with wife, Whitney Hand, a star guard for the Sooners? women?s basketball squad. That job was made a bit harder with the offseason suspensions of three receivers, but even more important for his draft stock is his ability to consistently perform under pressure.	Prototypical pocket passer with NFL size. Extremely productive. Can stretch the field with his arm and shows good zip on passes to all parts of the field when his feet are set. Quick release makes him very effective in the short to intermediate passing game. Challenging throws in every start, whether threading the ball versus cover-two or connecting on a back-shoulder pattern.
								Really struggles when under duress. Feels pressure when it isn't there. Not an elite athlete, takes time to get to hand-off spot from under center. Can move out of the pocket to escape pressure, but is usually caught up in traffic and is brought down too easily in the backfield. Confidence waxes and wanes throughout the game and season. Ball comes out of his hand poorly at times, floating across or down the field. Downfield accuracy is erratic, missing open receivers on the run; also misfires on out routes too often. Inconsistent on his touch on fades or throws over the top of defenders. Looks to the sidelines for pre-snap adjustments, looks to be confused by complex defensive looks.
							
2013	Dion Jordan	2539288	DE	Oregon	Jordan arrived in Eugene as a top-10 nationally rated tight end prospect from the southern suburbs of Phoenix -- despite missing the end of his senior season after an accidental home fire left him with second or third-degree burns over almost half of his body. Oregon coaches actually wanted him to play receiver initially, but his continued growth through his first two seasons in Eugene pushed him first to tight end and then to the defensive side of the ball. 	Tall end/linebacker hybrid with excellent length. Definitely not contact-shy, extends his long arms to land a strong punch on blockers, can disengage to chase plays from behind or grab ballcarriers coming into his area. Also willing to mix it up when challenged. Long strides allow him to cover ground quickly when closing or after his strong get-off with his hand down, but also shows enough bend and short-area quickness to avoid linemen. Lines up against slot receivers and tight ends, managing to stay with them in the open field in spite of his size. Flashes quickness and bend to beat tackles around the corner, can counter with an inside rush or spin move. Also quick enough to flatten down the line to make plays on inside runs. Willing to stick his shoulder into a lead blocker to free up other defenders.
								Might be an end/linebacker ?tweener for some teams due to his tall, lean frame. Must improve upper-body strength to get off blocks and gain leverage against NFL-caliber linemen. His height will make it more difficult for him to get low to stop ballcarriers? momentum or corral them in the open field. Inconsistent working through initial contact to chase plays and finding the ball in the backfield. Susceptible to cut blocks in space, must learn to see and beat them with his hands. Can get knocked off his pass rush route by a strong punch.
							
2013	Kenjon Barner	2539289	RB	Oregon	Oregon consistently puts the fastest players they can find in the backfield to threaten defenses in the run game, no matter their size. Barner?s a bit bigger than San Francisco 49ers 2012 second-round pick LaMichael James and rising sophomore phenom De?Anthony Thomas, but his wiry build and track speed makes him a similar breakaway threat.	Excellent straight-line speed puts defenders in his dust in the open field. Accelerates after cut to burst through holes on stretch plays.. Flashes some balance and strength to spin off and churn through arm tackles to continue upfield. Eludes penetrating defenders in the holes with a quick sidestep, also has the vision to set up safeties and cut around them for big gains. Weapon out of the backfield, can catch passes with his hands inside his frame and over his shoulder and is tough to track down if hit on the run.
								Runs high, and as a result, does not play with tremendous balance. Too often seeks to bounce the ball to the outside and will miss running lanes as a result. Lean build, not much strength in the lower body to power through tackles inside. Average upper-body build brings questions about ball security. Runs upright in the hole before contact comes. Rounds off or takes a couple of steps to cut on east-west runs. Hands are inconsistent, will double-catch or body-catch throws in the flat and won?t always 
							
2013	Jordan Poyer	2539290	CB	Oregon St.	Poyer signed on to play baseball and football at Oregon State after a distinguished high school career in both sports (he was Oregon?s state player of the year in baseball, as well as on offense and defense in football, as a senior). The then-Florida Marlins drafted him in the 42nd round as an outfielder that June. But after early success on the gridiron and playing sparingly for a local Corvallis team for college-eligible players and the Beavers? ball club, he set his focus squarely on his football career.	Smooth athlete with solid overall size. Has fluid hips to turn and run with receivers and quick feet to undercut an out route. Intelligent corner, who transitions smoothly out of his back pedal. Solid hands for the interception, extends to grab passes in front of receivers. Fights for 50/50 balls, competes even when he doesn?t have great position against a larger receiver. Aggressive, will attack in the run game. Brings some pop into tackles when able to line up his target. Experience as both a man and zone corner. Willing to take the ball straight upfield as a returner and has enough speed to break it with good blocking.
								Average size and strength for an outside corner. Plays well off the line of scrimmage, but doesn't display the skills to press. Doesn?t disengage from blocks consistently. Backpedal is high and slow, receivers eat up his cushion too quickly. Recovery speed is not exceptional, doesn?t close on seam throws and stays behind receivers with average speed. Misses too many tackles in the open field by throwing his shoulder. Lacks a second gear or great elusiveness as a returner, and has muffed the occasional punt.
							
2013	Markus Wheaton	2539291	WR	Oregon St.	Wheaton might not be biggest receiver in the 2013 draft class, but he towers above the last two playmakers coming out of Corvallis ?- Jacquizz and James Rodgers, who averaged about 5-foot-6, 190 pounds at their respective combines. His athleticism certainly matches up with the Rodgers brothers, as well, because not only was Wheaton a solid high school football talent among the best players coming out of Arizona in 2008, but he also won 400- and 800-meter races at junior national track meets before also performing well in state high school meets. 	His quickness is blatant and dangerous. Whether taking off from the slot or outside, his feet are literally a step ahead of his defender on everything from speed outs, crossers, to jerk routes.  Displays the flexibility to grab throws behind him or over his shoulder when running deep. He?ll also extend away from his body to bring in high or wide throws, and will stutter on the sideline to ensure he makes the catch in-bounds. Possesses some thickness to his frame, and is willing to lower his shoulder to get the extra yard ? often diving under defenders to get as many as possible. Wheaton also dabbled in track while at OSU, reminding scouts of his elite speed. 
								While he can elude defenders in the open field, he?s not necessarily elite making men miss after the catch. Too often he will let the ball into his frame as opposed to attacking it. Will round off deeper pattern that consist of him coming back to the quarterback. Can be overwhelmed by physical corners in his route, and especially at the line of scrimmage. Inconsistent as a blocker. Willing, but too often will fall off his block, or allow his man to simply overpower him.
							
2013	Jordan Hill	2539292	DT	Penn St.	Occasionally a player looks so good on the scout team that coaches decide they need to get him on the field instead of letting him sit for his entire first season. This was the case with Hill -? and his redshirt wasn?t taken off to play with just any group of tackles: he rotated with three NFL-caliber players in Jared Odrick, Ollie Ogbu, and Devon Still. Now the other three have moved on to the league, and Hill looks to be on that same track.	Shorter than scouts prefer, but uses that to his advantage when getting leverage against larger interior linemen. Fires out with low pad level, and immedately gains extension about contact with the blocker. Flashes the active and violent hands and strong upper-body to set aside off-balance guards. Works down the line with parallel shoulders, hustle and quickness, sometimes all the way to the sideline, to swallow running backs with his thick arms.
								Better linemen can use their superior bulk and length to push Hill off the line and keep him engaged. His lack of size causes him to wear down if in the game for too long. Inconsistent using his hands to get off blocks. Though often tilted before the snap, might not quite have the first step and closing speed to become an elite three-technique pass rusher.
							
2013	Gerald Hodges	2539293	OLB	Penn St.	A converted high school quarterback and successful wrestler (finished third in the state going 40-1 as a junior) from New Jersey, Hodges enrolled early and began his career at safety. He moved to linebacker during his true freshman season due to injuries there, playing in every game (three tackles). Hodges suffered a hairline fracture in his left leg after a hit on the opening kickoff against Alabama in 2010, missing four games. He consistently contributed after his return, starting one game and making 31 tackles, 2.5 for loss, on the year.	Former safety with short-area quickness to handle coverage responsibilities on multiple levels. Stays with running backs and tight ends in man coverage, comes off one target in zone to lay a hit on the underneath route. Flashes downhill speed to wrap up ballcarriers or force them into decisions. Active hands when engaged, willing to be physical. Works through traffic to the ball in tight quarters. Stays with receivers on short outs, can knock away the pass without interfering.
								Has only average bulk and length to take on NFL-sized linemen and tight ends. Does not consistently take advantage of interception opportunities. Lunges and fail to break down in the open field at times so more elusive ballcarriers can avoid him. Can be fooled on misdirection plays. Needs to prove himself a capable blitzer, doesn?t beat blocks consistently to force quarterbacks into making throws. Will get locked onto blocks, doesn't always play with proper leverage.
							
2013	Michael Mauti	2539294	ILB	Penn St.	Mauti is the third member of his family to play at Penn State, though his father, Rich (1975-76), and brother, Patrick (2005-09) played wide receiver for Joe Paterno. Rich played seven seasons in the NFL for the New Orleans Saints and Washington Redskins (totaling 21 catches for 314 yards and two touchdowns and averaging 8.1 yards per punt return, 22.8 on kickoffs), and Michael could very well have a solid NFL career, as well -? if he can stay healthy.	Tremendously instinctual player who is poised in both the run and pass game. Thick build throughout, which helps him stand his ground against lineman blocks inside. Rips off those attempts, keeping his shoulders square to the line and his feet moving until finding his way through trash to get to the ballcarrier. Occasionally bursts through the line with some quickness to bring down backs before they get started. Secure tackler who drops his hips and shows agility to break down and corral backs trying to elude him. Recovers quite quickly from cut blocks, getting up fast to get back into the play. Aware defender in coverage, dropping deep when needed, finding his man in zone and looking agile enough to come off a crosser to stick to the next receiver through. Keeps one eye in the backfield to ensure he knows when the ball is away. Possesses strong leadership qualities; after his injury in 2011, spent his time coaching up the younger defensive players.
								Lacks exceptional straight-line speed; hustles to reach either sideline or quarterbacks on bootlegs but will need help to track them down at the next level. Doesn't have the explosive element to his game that you'd like out of an outside linebacker. Some NFL-caliber running backs will set him up in the open field and cut past him. His injury history is extensive, and is sure to scare a lot of teams.
							
2013	Ray Graham	2539295	RB	Pittsburgh	When Graham and his half-brother Khaseem Greene (their father, Raymond Graham, played football at Purdue) say they?ll run into each other on Saturday ?- they mean it. In fact, the Rutgers linebacker and 2011 Big East Defensive Player of the Year was part of six tackles against his brother in last October?s meeting (though Graham had 159 rushing yards on the day). This year, the teams meet in the penultimate regular season game ?- but since both have NFL talent, it probably won?t be the last time their pads will pop.	Undersized but explosive back who runs with no wasted movement, Not shy about running through compressed spaces and picks his way through trash well inside. Tough inside runner who uses vision, feel and quick lateral movement to sidestep defenders to find space to run in the box. Accelerates in a hurry once he get the hole, rips off five or six yards in the blink of an eye. Spins off tackles with feet churning, stays balanced to keep forward movement. Uses the same lean and excellent balance to win one-on-one battles outside. Solid receiving threat out of the backfield. Catches the ball naturally with his hands before accelerating upfield and shows the ability to adjust to the ball. Lines up in the slot on occasion, shows quickness in his routes to create mismatches in space. Gives good effort to mirror and sustain blocks against rushers in pass protection. Patient reading and following his pulling linemen. Experienced running base NFL run plays from under center.
								Only average in his overall size, might have more trouble moving piles and breaking tackles inside against NFL defenders. Gets going east-west too and will hit the cutback too early. Won?t elude pro defenders as easily. Durability is a concern. Has not started a full season, missing on his opportunity in 2011 due to a right ACL tear and his bowl game in 2012 due to a hamstring. Did not play with the same top-end elusiveness and breakaway speed he showed before his knee injury.
							
2013	Kawann Short	2539296	DT	Purdue	For the second straight season, Purdue players voted Short one of their team captains. Though not all NFL scouts believe wearing a ?C? should mean something in terms of player evaluation, it?s a fact that can?t be ignored when adding it to his obvious combination of size and athleticism. Short considered entering the NFL draft after a strong junior campaign, but the NFL draft advisory committee gave him feedback stating he would be no worse than a third-round pick. He improved on his consistency as a senior while playing inside and outside in a multiple-front Boilermakers' defense. Look for Short to land in the top 50 overall picks as a starter for 3-4 or 4-3 teams at the next level.	Potential starter with NFL size and length who can be as good as he wants to be. Plays every position on the interior line for the Boilermakers. Very crafty and slippery through double teams. Good upper body strength to rip off his man and make plays in the run game, as well as arm-over leaning linemen to pressure the passer. Good hand-eye coordination to swipe at blockers? hands and keep them off his body. Experience two-gaping, moving his man or spinning off to either side to stop ball carriers getting past the line. Shows a good burst to the ball when he sees it directly in front of the backfield. Tough for ball carriers to shed because of his long arms and strong hands. Capable of pushing his man into the backfield with his thick arms and strong lower body. Feels a feigned block on screen plays. Drops into short coverage in the middle of the field on fire zones and holds his own in short areas.
								Frame is out of proportion, as he has thin legs and holds extra weight in the middle of his body. Needs to find the ball consistently, regularly gets fooled by misdirection. Gets upright out of his stance. Does not have closing speed to chase plays away from the trenches. Play-to-play effort is questionable; stands around to watch the play too often, especially when tired or playing against better talent. Struggles when he can?t win with quickness, and is inconsistent anchoring vs base blocks and double teams. Doesn't have an array of moves to disengage.
							
2013	Khaseem Greene	2539297	OLB	Rutgers	Greene and Pittsburgh running back Ray Graham don?t share a last name and didn?t grow up in the same house, but the half-brothers (their father, Raymond Graham, played football at Purdue) are still close. Greene was born 17 months earlier than Graham, and scouts are sure to be highly interested in both. 	Chase linebacker who takes advantage of open lanes to track ballcarriers behind the line or from behind. Consistently goes for the strip or takes a strong punch at the ball if not wrapping up a leg. Maintains the movement skills of a safety in coverage, proving capable of lining up over tight ends and slot receivers and running deep down the middle third when asked. An aware zone defender, watching the quarterback to come off crossers and make a play on the ball. Smells out screens and quick throws when playing outside. His quickness and flexibility make him an effective blitzer, dipping under blockers? shoulders to get into the backfield.
								Must look healthy this season after recovering from a broken right ankle in the team?s 2011 bowl game. Has a safety build, possessing average height and thinner lower body. Not the strongest or most physical tackler, most likely to dive towards ballcarriers? feet than bring real impact. Overruns plays and gets lost in trash inside and lacks strength to take on blocks between the tackles. Hustle is hot and cold, will watch plays to opposite sideline instead of trying to get the angle to prevent the big play. Hands for the interception are only adequate, as he does not always make the moderately difficult catch away from his frame.
							
2013	Steve Beauharnais	2539298	ILB	Rutgers	Beauharnais would never begrudge teammate Khaseem Greene for his winning the Big East Co-Defensive Player of the Year award in 2011, but the fact he didn?t earn all-conference accolades as a junior certainly fueled his fire. His 77 tackles were just over half the 141 put up by Greene, but he ranked among the conference?s leaders in tackles for loss (16), had five sacks, and intercepted three passes ?- all in big wins for the Scarlet Knights.	Solid, durable prospect with good strength in his upper and lower halves. Plays with good pad level and bend between the tackles, making him able to stone both running backs and approaching blockers in the hole. Also uses his hands to stay clean and tackle backs trying to get into the open field, has the strength can bring down ballcarriers with one arm. Athletic enough to angle into medium drops over the middle, potentially giving him a chance to play some strong side linebacker. Has proven capable of making an interception. Puts his hand down as a rush end at times, showing some quickness off the snap and the strength to work through blocks to the quarterback.
								None of Beauharnais? physical attributes fall into the elite category. Average size allows linemen to wash him out of plays too easily at times. Doesn't have enough agility or quickness to stick with tight ends and backs in man coverage. Lacks the flexibility and pure speed to be a consistent pass rush threat off the edge or as a blitzer.
							
2013	D.C. Jefferson	2539299	TE	Rutgers	Jefferson went to Rutgers as one of the top 20 quarterback prospects in the country out of Florida, but is now trying to make his way up NFL draft boards as a tight end. Though the Scarlet Knights haven?t given him a lot of opportunities to catch passes yet, it?s easy to see his potential as a contributor at the next level.	Good athlete with good length. Flashes enough foot quickness to sit down in zones to present a big target, and often uses his long strides to cover a lot of ground down the seam, where his height presents a challenge to defenders. Also a willing blocker on the edge who is capable of bringing force out of his stance and attempts to sustain throughout the play.
								Not much production throughout his college career. Needs to prove his hands. Body control and positioning need to improve both as a blocker and receiver. Route running needs refinement. Use of leverage and hands in his blocking are not elite, and better defenders can slip off his attempts. Lacks explosion from his stance.
							
2013	Leon McFadden	2539300	CB	San Diego St.	Leon McFadden, Sr. played nine years of professional baseball as a pitcher, shortstop and outfielder, including 62 games at the latter two spots in three years with the Houston Astros from 1968 to 1970. Leon, Jr. possesses the athleticism to play any sport he wants, but chose to make hits on the gridiron rather than trying to compile (or prevent) them on the diamond.	Possesses quick feet and good speed. Fluid hips help him transition from pedal to close, also to adjust to out routes after opening up. Good awareness as a zone defender, jumps underneath routes but also keeps an eye on the quarterback and can adjust to make plays on receivers running behind him. Contains well on his side of the field, has the closing speed to track down runners before they reach the sideline. Displays the hands to snatch interceptions over his head and away from his body and fluidly transition into the return. Competitive in 50-50 situations, active hands make it tough on receivers to complete the catch. Possesses some thickness and cuts down backs in space with authority and is willing to stick a shoulder into an unsuspecting receiver. Adept special teams player on coverage and block units and has the hands and quickness to get a shot on punt returns.
								Struggles to always get a good jam at the line of scrimmage, which gives him some issues in recovery. His size gives him some issues against bigger, more physical wide receivers. A bit gun shy in handling blocks from lineman in the screen game. Doesn't wrap up, often times attempts the cut tacke, which won?t always be effective against stronger, more elusive NFL ballcarriers.
							
2013	David Quessenberry	2539301	OT	San Jose St.	When Scott Quessenberry graduates from La Jolla?s La Costa Canyon High School in the spring, he?ll be the third brother to move onto the major college level. Paul will still be at the Naval Academy next year, but by the time Scott shows up on whichever campus he chooses, David will likely be playing in the National Football League.	Plays with low pad level and flashes the mean streak. Possesses the natural bend to succeed in pass protection, both mirroring ends while leveraging a strong punch and riding edge rushers around the pocket. Plays under control, and shows some agility and quickness in his pass set. Recovers well if lunging off the snap. Used on trap plays inside from the left tackle spot and usually hits his linebacker target ? just as he does when simply stepping forward to the second level. In short-yardage situations, able to drive off the snap and play with leverage. He?ll also hustle downfield after plays, taking out defenders standing around and cleaning up piles when necessary.
								Good athlete, not an exceptional one. His average upper-body strength and thinner legs can cause him to be bull rushed, though he usually widens his base and plants to prevent it. He also leans into defensive ends to get leverage at times, allowing them to get him off-balance.
							
2013	Ryan Otten	2539302	TE	San Jose St.	New Colorado, and former San Jose State head coach Mike MacIntyre has coached a lot of football over the past 20 years, both at the NFL (Cowboys, Jets) and college level ? he was the American Football Coaches Association (AFCA) named him its 2009 FBS?Assistant Coach of the Year while he was at Duke University. So when he says Otten is a ?heck of a football player," scouts listen.	Tough matchup inside, using his height and toughness to box out defenders. Strong hands grasp most any throw in his area. After the catch, he shows enough agility to turn upfield quickly, churns his legs to run through arm tackles, and is willing to lower a shoulder to get the extra yard. Often used on bootlegs, will sit down in space, using his height and long arms make him a nice target for quarterbacks to find between the hashes. High effort blocker.
								Lacks adequete bulk at the position. Won?t challenge the quickness of NFL defenders by exploding from a stand-up position or three-point stance. Possesses just average straight-line speed, limiting his upside as a vertical threat. Comes of the ball too slow and too high as a blocker. Doesn't have the foot speed or flexibility to win many blocking battles.
							
2013	Zach Line	2539303	RB	SMU	An all-state pick in Michigan as a high school senior, Line not only racked up over 1,700 rushing yards and 17 touchdowns, but also 154 tackles and eight forced fumbles on defense. He also finished third in his wresting weight class in the state championships. Even in Jones? wide-open spread attack, Line found a role as a true freshman (though he enrolled at SMU a semester early); he started six games and played in every one as a blocking and short-yardage back (49 carries, 189 yards, seven TD). He took a much larger role as a sophomore, starting 12 of 14 games played and churning out 1,494 rushing yards and 10 touchdowns. He displayed real toughness by missing one half of football after being hospitalized with a staph infection in his armpit early in the season and then playing the last four contests with a fractured bone in his lower back (95 carries, 522 yards, three scores).	Solid north-south runner with the eyes to find creases and the feet to make the quick cut inside to take advantage of open space. Follows offensive linemen on the move, knowing when to burst past them. Arm tackles come up short against his ever-working legs and nice lean, and he gives excellent effort to get an extra yard once wrapped up inside. Not a pure power back; he will burst through the line if the opportunity arises and has enough speed to break off a big run before getting dragged down. Sets up safeties in the open field with a shimmy and cut in either direction. Capable receiver out of the backfield, moves the chains and will make the first man miss at times. His pass protection skills are also solid, as he can anchor against some blitzers and even bringing a punch to defensive tackles to help his linemen ? even if he is inconsistent holding his ground against stronger defenders and sustaining.
								Considered a running back ?tweener of sorts, not quite quick enough to be an elite NFL back but not as strong as most power backs needed in short-yardage and goal-line situations. Best as a straight-ahead or one-cut runner than trying to make people miss, as his stop-start ability is not exceptional. Ball security has been questionable.
							
2013	Devin Taylor	2539304	DE	South Carolina	Taylor redshirted his first year in Columbia after helping his high school team win a South Carolina state title with 10 sacks (he was also the state champion in the triple jump that year). He played well enough in 12 games in 2009 (starting the first five games, missed one due to a bruised sternum) to land on SEC coaches? freshman all-conference squad (28 tackles, 5.5 for loss, two sacks). He had a breakout sophomore season, starting all 14 games and accumulating 13 tackles for loss, 7.5 sacks, and leading the team with eight pass breakups, receiving second-team All-SEC honors from league coaches. SEC media named Taylor first-team all-conference in 2010 and awarded him honorable mention accolades in his junior year even though his numbers decreased (8.5 tackles for loss, six sacks). He did have a strong effort (five tackles, two tackles for loss, sack) against Nebraska in the team?s Capital One Bowl victory. Taylor has returned both his career interceptions for touchdowns -? 24 yards against Tennessee in 2010 and 48 yards against Arkansas in 2011. As a senior in 2012, Taylor saw his sack number decline even further as he managed just three sacks. He matched his junior year total of 8.5 tackles for loss, and also managed to bat down six passes.	Taylor possess an ideal athletic frame for a strong-side defensive end. He stands at 6-foot-7, weighs 275 pounds, and it appears as if his frame is far from maxed out. Long strides can eat up grass quickly once he gets started. Fights through the B-gap on inside rushes. Height, length and big hands make him capable of regularly knocking down passes or at least obscuring his vision. Strong tackler, long arms make him difficult to completely avoid and is tenacious in getting ballcarriers to the ground once latched on. Hustles down the line when unblocked and downfield to chase plays, also gives strong effort fighting through double teams on the edge and when dropped into short zones.
								Height and long legs prevent him from having elite short-area agility, change of direction ability, and closing speed. Often times can be lethargic in coming off the ball. Stands up almost immediately off the snap. Takes time to rip off blocks with long arms and slower hands, can be moved out of the hole by better linemen. Lacks flexibility to keep his balance while turning the corner. Shorter defenders can easily pop his chest, also gets knocked off his pass rush route (or to the ground) due to his height. Needs to use his length to full advantage, extending his arms to keep distance from tackles.
							
2013	Cory Grissom	2539305	DT	South Florida	Sometimes the hardest thing to do in the NFL ?- and the most important ?- is simply holding one?s ground. That?s why teams are always looking for low center-of-gravity defensive tackles that can stand up to one or more of the league?s best offensive linemen shooting off the ball. Grissom has that ability, and despite his injury issues, still owns enough athleticism to challenge not only the strength of guards and centers, but also their agility.	True nose tackle with girth in his midsection and through his lower half that he uses to hold up single blocks and double teams off the snap. Strong legs. Has a powerful punch when attacking his man off the snap, and also possesses the strong upper body and heavy hands to move opponents to either side to get to the ballcarrier while keeping himself square to the line. Occasionally swims past a drive-blocker or pulls a leaning guard forward to slingshot around him into the backfield, showing a bit more quickness than most linemen of his size and build in order to pressure quarterbacks into unloading the ball. Moves well laterally, and stays square to the line of scrimmage.
								Won?t be making many plays outside the box or in the backfield due to a lack of closing speed. Will get lazy and stand up off the ball, and lose leverage. Injury history.
							
2013	Wes Horton	2539306	DE	USC	Wes? father, Myke, played offensive tackle at UCLA and was drafted by the New England Patriots in 1975 before suiting up for the USFL franchises in Washington and Memphis, as well as the CFL?s Calgary Stampeders. But those of a certain age might remember Myke best as "Gemini," one of the original members of the television show "American Gladiators" ?- one of the precursors to the reality TV craze.	Height and length are NFL-quality. Long strides allow him to eat up grass in a hurry when in pass rush mode. Active in pursuit, hard-worker. Flashes quick hands. Turns the corner and closes on the quarterback if his initial pass rush move works, and will get his long arms into passing lanes whenever possible. When uncovered, has the quickness to make offensive lines pay for leaving him be on inside runs.
								Quickness off the snap is inconsistent, can be the last one moving at times.  His tall, somewhat lean build allows him to be moved by tackles and tight ends too easily in the run game. Has some movement skills as a stand-up rusher, but plays high and often off-balance, bends at the waist to make tackles, and his short-area quickness to contain on the edge is only adequate.
							
2013	Khaled Holmes	2539307	C	USC	Holmes saw his brother, Alex, win two national championships during his four-year career at USC as a tight end ? and although the Trojans were expected to contend in 2012, the team faltered to a 7-6 record. The NCAA sanctions limited the Trojans from two season of postseason work, and Khalid (pronounced CALL-id) was a key cog in an offensive line that looked to protect Matt Barkley but failed on multiple occasions, specifically against interior blitzes.	Tenacious player who gets after any defensive lineman in his path ? and teammates who aren?t getting the job done. Sustains blocks through the whistle and takes his man backwards and drives them to the ground regularly. Quick feet for his size, can reach second-level targets or get out in front of screens. Hustles to help either guard, or both on the same play, when uncovered. Good mover on zone plays. Uses his hands and bulk to move his man out of the hole. Usually anchors even when his man gets his hands up quickly after the snap. Good student, has already graduated with a double major of classics and communication.
								Taller than the average center, doesn?t sit into his stance as low as many in the pivot. Must play with more knee bend, overextends at the waist while engaged and ends up on the ground too often. Does not always recognize inside blitzes, attacks a lineman and allows linebacker to come through the middle without an attempt to slow him down.
							
2013	Matt Barkley	2539308	QB	USC	Barkley was a high school All-American at well-known California program Mater Dei as a senior, following up a junior season where he was the nation?s Gatorade High School Player of the Year. He finished his studies there a semester early in order to start his career with the Trojans. Having that spring experience helped him as a true freshman, as he took over the starting job after Aaron Corp suffered an injury (which eventually led Corp to transfer to Richmond) and has not relinquished it since.	Experienced running a pro-style system. Makes adjustments at the line of scrimmage (including the run game) and unloads the ball quickly when seeing a favorable matchup before the snap. Usually accurate when he is able to set his base and stride into his throws. Offense was designed to move the pocket to account for his height, and, while he isn?t overly athletic, he showed the mobility to throw accurately on bootlegs and half rolls. Looks off and pump-fake safeties and communicate with receivers pre-snap on the opposite side of the field from which he intends to throw. Three-time team captain also possesses intangibles NFL teams desire at the position, taking hits and bouncing back, displaying intelligence with his multiple academic all-conference accolades, and earning a spot on the 2011 Allstate AFCA Good Works team.
								Lacks ideal height for the position. Does not have a plus arm, though it?s enough to run a movement-based NFL offense. Allows defenders into plays when he is unable to step into throws, especially when going across the field. Inconsistent making throws against pressure. Does have have physical tools to make throws when he's not set, but has progressed in his ability to find space and get the ball of with awkward release platforms. Ball comes out of his hand poorly at times, though it usually reaches its intended target. Confident enough in his pre-snap read that he?ll stare down his initial target. Sails passes over his receivers? heads when feeling pressure or in the three-step game. No threat to pick up large chunks of yardage with his feet. Improved completion percentage in 2011 came partially due to quick east-west throws to his talented wideouts. While he had a lot of attempts, there are questions as to what degree structure of the offense featured him or masked his physical limitations. Other than a hot stretch over the second half of his junior season, his production has been almost entirely tied to the strength of his surrounding cast.
							
2013	T.J. McDonald	2539309	FS	USC	McDonald has spent his football life trying to live up to the name his father made for himself as an All-American safety at USC in the mid-1980s and 13-year NFL veteran who won a Super Bowl as a member of the San Francisco 49ers in 1994. T.J. (stands for Tim, Jr.) has never shied away from that pressure, however, earning his own accolades over the past couple of seasons. McDonald?s brother, Tevin, is a true sophomore safety who enrolled at crosstown rival UCLA instead of following his dad and brother as Trojans. 	NFL bloodlines with pro size and length who has played deep and in the box. Hits like a missile in the middle of the field, uses his shoulder to bring real power into the back or midsection of receivers with closing speed and tenacity. Solid ball skills, looks high and wide passes into his hands and can get down to get his hands under low throws. Physical presence around the line, sticks his head into short-yardage plays and uses his length to stay off lineman blocks and to wrap up running backs in traffic and receivers in the flat. Attacks the alley aggressively when coming downhill from two-high coverages. Does a good job fighting through blocks and making tackles on screens. Tries to lay the kill shot on wide receivers over the middle, but generally a good form tackler against running backs. Height and size come in handy on jump ball situations. Will be a factor on special teams, both using his length on the kick block team and as a strong tackler on coverage units.
								Will be pegged as a pure in-the-box safety. Protected in coverage by being used extensively as a Robber his senior season. Linear, high-cut player who is tall in his back pedals. Displays stiff hips, average change-of-direction ability and burst. His height and average short-area quickness become an issue when trying to break down quickly to make tackles in space, can be eluded in the open field by quicker receivers and running backs. Also lacks flexibility to turn-and-run with better receivers and tight ends. Does not have the range to get to the sideline, even sometimes to the hash, in single-high looks. Stares into the backfield, gets frozen and fooled by play action, loses receivers behind him, and takes time to recover after a false step.
							
2013	Margus Hunt	2539310	DE	SMU	Estonia has not been a fertile scouting ground for the NFL in the past, but teams might consider going abroad more consistently if they can find talents like Hunt. His name first appeared on the international athletic scene after he won gold medals in both the shot put and discus events at the 2006 World Junior Track and Field Championships in Beijing. Hunt, who also won the 2005 European Junior discus title, was the first junior ever to pull off that double.	Tall, thick but athletic lineman with loads of potential. Much quicker than you?d expect off the snap given his size, and his long first step helps him pressure the outside shoulder of tackles when outside and win the gap at three-technique. Shows the ability to anchor from both the 3-tech and 5-tech spots. Has the speed to run the arm and beat tackles off the edge. Fast and strong hands stun his man, extends his arms to keep leverage. Uses his length very well to keep blockers off his body. Plays contain well on the edge, pops off his block and swallows backs with his strong upper body. Long strides eat a lot of grass when closing to the quarterback. Good closing speed. Will chase plays downfield. Height and length allow him to affect quarterbacks? vision when unable to reach him; they also make him an ideal interior player on the field goal block team. Flashes the ability to come off the ball hard and low in short-yardage situations despite his height. Good natural strength ? can anchor and shed even when he loses the leverage battle. Varies the tempo of his pass rush well once the offensive line overplays his speed rush.
								Must be cognizant to play with bend due to his height, pops up off the snap and will stand upright during the play if tired, losing leverage. Agile for his size, but is still a linear athlete with questionable change of direction and flexibility. More mobile quarterbacks and quick running backs will elude him in the backfield. Turning the corner on his initial pass rush is a chore due to his bulk. Still learning the game, must find the ball consistently. Older than most prospects (will be 25). Doesn't bring his body when he tackles and subsequently misses a lot. Ineffective bull rush due to not playing with leverage and lacks counters when his initial move fails.
							
2013	Jamie Collins	2539311	OLB	Southern Miss	Originally, the athletic Collins decided to sign with Auburn, but changed his mind to stay in his home state after unknown quantity Gene Chizik took over as the Tigers? head coach in December 2008. Even though he missed out on the 2010 BCS championship season because of that decision, his career with the Golden Eagles predicts a NFL future in the path of former lean Southern Miss linebackers Michael Boley and Gerald McRath.	Presents a long, lean frame that NFL teams look for in a stand-up pass rusher. Quick feet and long strides help him close on quarterbacks, move down the line to crash on runs, as well as give him the short-area agility to move in coverage with slot receivers for short periods despite his height and length. Short area quickness, and the ability to redirect in an instant. Power hands at times. Capable of shedding in either direction to contain or fill a gap. Knows to knock receivers at the line and crossers off their routes with his strong arm extension. Has the length to wrap up ballcarriers trying to avoid him in the backfield, as well as grab backs running away from him.
								Lacks sand in his pants and upper-body strength to be an every-down defensive end against NFL tackles, and gets consistently pushed back by double teams. Inconsistent coming off the snap quickly, at times looking like he can beat tackles with a strong first step but being among the last moving on other plays. Motor runs cold, don't pursue plays well. Loses track off his position in zone coverage. Can be eluded in space by quicker ballcarriers or in the backfield by mobile quarterbacks. Must speed up his hands to win battles against pro linemen, slow to disengage.
							
2013	Brad Sorensen	2539312	QB	Southern Utah	Sorensen has had his fair share of experiences since completing his high school career in California, having already watched three of his brothers go off to play college football. He served a two-year Mormon mission in Spain, and then earned first-team all-Foothill Conference honors at San Bernardino Valley College (2,280 yards, 17 touchdowns, four interceptions) in 2008. He attempted to get playing time as a walk-on at BYU, but he redshirted the 2009 season and realized he would have a different time seeing the field with the signal-caller talent already there. 	Looks like an NFL pocket passer, usually leading the wide-open passing offense from a shotgun look. Uses his above-average arm strength to throw darts to the typical hitch and out routes to move the team along, though he flashes an ability to change his arm angles and unload a bullet if pressure is coming. Patient waiting for the deep dig to open up, and can fit the ball into tight windows on the sideline as well as over the middle. Throttles down that cannon arm, showing some touch on fades or when trying to throw over the top of a defender to lead his man downfield. Bullish runner, even acting as a lead blocker near the goal line on occasion, and can move out of the pocket and deliver the ball when needed.
								Not an exceptional athlete, won?t elude or run over NFL defenders. His decisions under pressure aren?t always what coaches like to see; trusts his arm too much, which leads to turnovers (his interceptions increased from six in 2010 to 11 in 2011). Hasn?t faced a lot of top-level competition in his career.
							
2013	Shayne Skov	2539313	ILB	Stanford	Stanford?s 2012 draft class included four players landing in the first or second round, which was a first school history. Skov would have likely joined quarterback Andrew Luck (1st overall to Indianapolis), guard David DeCastro (#24, Pittsburgh), Coby Fleener (#34, Indianapolis), and tackle Jonathan Martin (#42, Miami) in that accomplishment had he not suffered a knee injury (left ACL/MCL) in the third game of the 2011 season. 	Robust inside linebacker with a thick overall build. Usually finds the ball off the snap, picks his way through traffic when free and is quick enough to sidestep fullbacks and pulling linemen coming through the hole. Also plays with leverage, standing up linemen inside to clog lanes and taking on fullbacks when needed. Uses that upper body strength to drag down ballcarriers even if unable to get a clean hit. Brings power in his blitzes, works through shoulder of guards to get into the backfield and go through running backs in pass protection. Flashes bend and a shoulder dip to get under a blocker?s pads whether coming off the edge or inside. Stays with running backs and tight ends in short-area coverage. Pounds receivers catching the ball in his area and will take a shot at crossers to intimidate them. Possesses high football and general IQ. Fiery attitude, vocal leader on defense and will also talk to opponents.
								Probable inside linebacker only. Gives good effort in space but lacks elite closing speed and change of direction skills to track down more elusive ballcarriers outside the hashes. Tall and stiff in his backpedal, though he can manage to angle back into deeper zones. Regularly fails to break down when coming downhill, lunging and missing against quicker players. Missed most of 2011 due to injury. Arrested for DUI in February 2012, suspended for one game.
							
2013	Chase Thomas	2539314	OLB	Stanford	In a November 2011 article about Thomas in the San Francisco Chronicle, former Stanford and current 49er defensive coordinator Vic Fangio aptly summed up scouts? feelings about the versatile defender: ?He was born to play football.? While quarterback Andrew Luck and the Cardinal?s offensive line received well-deserved hype over the past couple of seasons, Thomas impressed his coaches and pro scouts alike by wreaking havoc in opponents? backfields.	Versatile edge defender who finds the ball regularly and has made plays at linebacker or defensive end. Displays violent and strong hands to get past the shoulder of his blocker on an edge rush or disengage when containing his side. Works his way though trash well on this inside, showing a bit of quickness to cut into the A-gap for run plays (or B-gap as a blitzer), work his man upfield on the pass rush or spin inside to take advantage of that lane. Good club and swim move inside. Mirrors pretty well in coverage, takes good angles to running backs in the flats, and gets physical with tight ends and crossing receivers. Usually beats tight ends and running backs when they pass block against him. High-effort player, hustles through single blocks and doubles to the ball, consistently chases plays from behind, and keeps his balance after taking on linemen at the second level. Has enough upper-body strength to separate the ball and create turnovers or slow down/stop ball carriers trying to cut past him.
								Not an elite pass rusher with pure power, great flexibility or upfield speed to turn the corner. Also lacks top closing speed, relies on hustle to make plays. Lacks lengths and bulk, offensive tackles can keep him at bay and mirror him easily as an edge rusher. Needs to continue to get stronger, getting off blocks and keeping leverage will be a bit tougher against NFL linemen. Most of his pressures come against tight ends/running backs or inside stunts. Has good enough movement skills to handle coverage responsibilities in the flat, but quicker ball carriers cut past him in space and he struggles changing direction due to playing upright. One speed player who lacks burst off the ball on the edge or closing speed in pursuit.
							
2013	Stepfan Taylor	2539315	RB	Stanford	Taylor showed great promise as an all-state back in Texas, rushing for 2,463 yards and 33 touchdowns as a high school senior. Coaches got him on the field in all 13 games as a true freshman in 2009, giving him 56 carries so he could pick up 303 yards and two touchdowns as a reserve behind Heisman Trophy finalist Toby Gerhart. He took the mantle from Gerhart in 2010, starting 12 of 13 games played, to gain 1,137 yards and score 15 touchdowns as a sophomore. Season highlights included receiving honorable mention notice from league coaches, three touchdowns against Cal in The Big Game, and 114 yards on just 15 carries in the team?s Orange Bowl win over Virginia Tech. Taylor, who earned second-team All-Pac-12 honors in 2011, had another nice outing in the team?s 2012 Fiesta Bowl loss to Oklahoma State, rushing for 177 of his 1,330 total yards for the year and scoring two of his 10 touchdowns. In his final season, after the departure of Andrew Luck, Taylor rushed for 1,530 yards and 13 touchdowns on 322 carries. 	Presents a thick overall build and good forward lean, making him a tough north-south runner to stop with an arm tackle. Running hard is never an issue, as defensive backs often find when trying to wrap him up. Flashes good quickness to offset before getting his body moving forward to receive the handoff, as well as enough burst to hit an open hole in a hurry. Possesses the vision and just enough speed to take advantage of an opening off-tackle if the inside gap is filled. Adjusts well to throws with his back to the quarterback and possesses the quickness and bullish running/stiff arm to beat defenders on the outside. Also displays good technique and skill in pass protection.
								Average long speed won?t allow him to be a breakaway threat at the next level. Not quick enough to takes plays to the sideline or cut inside an oncoming defender once outside the tackles. Dances a bit inside when anticipating contact, too, throwing himself off-balance. Doesn't show tremendous explosiveness while still behind the line of scrimmage. Fails to consistently keep his legs moving upon contact with lineman and linebackers.
							
2013	Kenny Cain	2539316	ILB	TCU	River Ridge, Louisiana is part of the New Orleans metroplex and home to John Curtis Christian School, which houses one of the most successful high school programs in the country. They?ve won 24 state titles since 1975 ? and Cain won a championship in each of his four years as a starter there. Though he ran for over 2,350 yards and scored 30 times at running back (and was part of a state championship 4x100 relay team in track), TCU saw his potential as a linebacker.	Downhill player against the run or pass blitzer from between the tackles or on strong side. Comes in low and hard as a tackler, using his length to wrap and flashing the ability to stop backs cold in their tracks. Even if he doesn?t make the tackle, his willingness to take out lead blockers helps stop the action. He brings some violence into offensive linemen getting into his path and can pop off their advances to grab ballcarriers trying to slingshot off the block. Out-quicks guards, as well, to cut inside to find the ball. Presents good movement skills in coverage, dropping deep, playing tight ends physically off the line, and making hits to separate the ball.
								Undersized frame makes it more difficult to fight off NFL linemen, though his frame still seems to be growing. Closes in a hurry as an open-lane blitzer but lacks the consistent hand usage to beat blocks on his way to the quarterback. TCU?s attacking style benefits his athleticism, but he?ll need to show scouts instincts and discipline to not get fooled by play action and misdirection.
							
2013	Dallas Thomas	2539317	OT	Tennessee	Even though Thomas grew up in Louisiana and was recruited by in-state LSU, he decided he could make a quicker impact at Tennessee. Thomas redshirted in 2008, and then played all 13 games on special teams the following season. When finally given his chance as a sophomore, Thomas won the team?s Harvey Robinson Award as the offensive surprise player of 2010 spring practices and then proved himself durable and reliable by starting all 13 games at left tackle. He started every game on the blind side as a junior, as well, with his best effort possibly coming against South Carolina defensive ends Melvin Ingram and Jadaveon Clowney ?- they combined for just two tackles, none for loss and no sacks, on the day. 	Displays the potential to start as either a tackle or guard in the NFL. Plays with natural bend in the knees, and flexbility. Possesses excellent agility. Can sit down into his blocks and anchor. Can block down yet spring back outside to cut off outside blitzers, also gets to second level quickly and shows good speed and hustle downfield. Very good at pulling, and is always attempting to drive his assignment to the ground. Maintains balance while extending his arms to keep outside rushers out of the pocket, does not give up after initial contact. Good recovery speed to cut off spin and inside counter moves. Goes out to meet his man and packs a punch to stop their momentum. Comes off the ball very well from a three-point stance in the run game.
								Foot quickness is a bit lacking. Must continue to get stronger in the lower body, will give up a bit of ground against powerful defenders -? especially when he fails to land his punch correctly. Must consistently get his hands up quickly, both in pass protection and when trying to negate second-level defenders. Lunges towards his man out of a three-point stance on occasion, overextending to allow him to pass by.
							
2013	Rogers Gaines	2539318	OT	Tennessee St.	Even though offensive line prospects playing outside the Football Bowl Subdivision are often raw in their overall technique, NFL teams will take a chance on their size and/or athleticism in the later rounds of the draft. It doesn?t take long to see the 6-foot-7, 320-pound Gaines is a perfect candidate to receive this sort of evaluation.	Possesses the tall, athletic build NFL teams like at the left tackle spot, can get out of a two-point stance in a hurry. But he?s no finesse player, as he can land a strong initial punch and is willing sustain blocks around the pocket, finish run blocks through the whistle, and shove opponents standing around as the play goes downfield. FCS defensive ends aren?t going to beat him very often once he gets his powerful hands on their jerseys; if they put up a fight, he uses his great length, flexibility, wide stance and good lateral movement to mirror. Uses his foot quickness for positional run blocking, connecting on reach blocks, as well as getting downfield to shield linebackers.
								Still growing into his frame and maturing as a player. Quick defenders will cause him to overextend, and he?ll need to keep his feet active because his length won?t necessarily be enough to stop them. Play with a high pad level at times and gives up ground in pass protection, and also needs to prove he has the bend to get out of a three-point stance low and hard in the run game.
							
2013	Alex Okafor	2539319	DE	Texas	Although Okafor?s father didn?t play in the NFL like teammate Jackson Jeffcoat (Jim won two Super Bowls with the Dallas Cowboys in the early 1990s), he won?t be the first person in his family with NFL experience. Former LSU linebacker Eric Alexander was drafted in 2004, but won a Super Bowl ring with the Patriots while on injured reserve as a rookie and played in 54 career games with one start (2006 AFC Championship Game against the Indianapolis Colts).	Already possesses NFL size and length, and has room on his frame for growth. Powerful punch and arm extension takes linemen into the backfield and allow him to hold up and split double-teams. Gets off the ball quite well, will challenge the upside shoulder of right tackles and can step inside to get into the B-gap as a counter move. Flashes quick hands to move past tackles on his way to the quarterback or disengage to chase plays to his side. Can get low to swallow running backs coming into his area and stop quickly to rein in quarterbacks before they step out of the pocket. Feels the cut block an defeats it with his hands. Good hustle to the sideline and downfield to chase ballcarriers.
								Best as a strong-side 4-3 end providing strength against the run and some pass rush, lacks short-area quickness to play standing up in the NFL. Runs high and stiff when dropping into coverage or trying to change directions quickly in the open field. Gets stuck on some man-up blocks, allowing running backs to run around him instead shedding to make a play.
							
2013	Kenny Vaccaro	2539320	SS	Texas	Vaccaro set the bar high for himself and his teammates while announcing his intention to return to Texas for his senior season. "I wanna win the Thorpe, that's it," Vaccaro said. "And go to South Beach." The Thorpe Award is awarded to the nation?s best defensive back (LSU star and top-10 draft pick Morris Claiborne won it in 2011), and Miami is the venue for the BCS Championship Game. Unfortunately, Vaccaro?s goals went unmet. The Longhorns lost four games and the defense struggled mightily for stretches. Vaccaro, however, was one of the bright spots for Texas (92 tackles, 2 interceptions, 7 passes defensed), earning second-team All-Conference honors and showing the skills that will make him one of the first safeties off the board in the 2012 draft	NFL starting combo safety material with a very good blend of overall strength and athleticism. Often used as a nickel back despite a thick overall build. Very loose hips and good overall change-of-direction ability. Locks onto slot receivers at the line and has the agility and straight-game speed to stay with them on out routes and downfield. Physical with receivers trying to block him in the run game, has the strength to rip off and make a stop. Solid open-field tackler, uses great effort and his upper-body strength to drag down ball carriers. Strong off the edge as a blitzer, has bend to turn the corner and gets physical with running backs standing in his way. Flashes the hands and body control to catch passes away from his body. Good change of direction ability and shows the range to play the half-field in Cover Two. Attacks downhill against the run well, running the alley aggressively from deep-half coverage.
								Used extensively in man coverage and around the line, must continue improving as a reliable back-half defender against the pass and last line of defense against long runs. One-speed player who lacks burst. Is not quite agile or fast enough to stick with better NFL receivers, backpedal is high and stiff, can be out-quicked in space, and loses a step running down the seam. Can get caught freelancing and watching the backfield in zone coverage, and will bite on play action. Knee injury ended his senior season in high school after three games. Can fill downhill out of control, losing his leverage on the ball carrier and missing tackles. Doesn?t always take good angles and is prone to running himself too far upfield when he?s the ?force? defender.
							
2013	Sean Porter	2539321	OLB	Texas A&M	Porter committed to then-Houston head coach Kevin Sumlin out of high school during the recruiting process, but decided to take his game to a better league (Big-12 versus Conference USA) when Mike Sherman and Texas A&M called. Now that Sumlin has relieved Sherman as the Aggies? head coach for the 2012 season, Porter gets to suit up for the player-friendly but stern coach that once recruited him.	Athletic linebacker with the short-area quickness and football IQ to switch from playing the run to checking a slot receiver to attacking a scrambling quarterback on the same play. Good speed in the open field, and can burst to close in pursuit. Effective pass rusher with a good first step and flexibility to get under a tackle?s upfield shoulder, a shimmy inside to get the direct lane, and also a quick spin move helps him get off leaning tackles. Has a nice inside counter for when tackles start overplaying his speed rush outside. Occasionally gets under the pads of taller tackles to bull them into the quarterback. Slippery blitzer who knows how to get skinny through inside lanes. Breaks down in a hurry to wrap up ball carriers, brings a bit of pop despite his average size. Fluid hips changing directions. Really progressed as a senior in coverage of tight ends and slot receivers, gets his hands on them at the line of scrimmage and crossing over the middle, and the click-and-close ability to break on the ball quickly on underneath throws. Takes on fullbacks, goes lows to win leverage and make plays on inside runs.
								Undersized with long legs and short arms, lacking in explosive speed and great length. As a pass rusher, he?s more of a blitzer than a true outside edge rusher. Can set the edge against weaker tight ends, but can get engulfed at the point of attack by most tackles and pro-caliber tight ends. Can get lost in no-man?s land in coverage. Does not use his hands effectively to beat cut blocks. Very little pop in his hands or his tackles, and he has a tendency to lunge. Good burst filling inside and in pursuit, but can get out of control and doesn?t always display a good understanding timing and angles. Will need to be protected by a solid defensive line in the NFL.
							
2013	Christine Michael	2539322	RB	Texas A&M	Michael (whose first name is pronounced chris-TIN) has been a consistent contributor for the Aggies since coming to College Station ? when healthy. Now that Cyrus Gray is off to the NFL (sixth round pick of the Chiefs in April), expect him to get the vast majority of carries for new head coach Kevin Sumlin. If he can finish the season the way he?s started the last two, scouts will consider him a potential impact back.	Low center of gravity back with good thickness throughout his frame to take and give out punishment. North-south runner who uses his strong legs to burst out of the hole to eat up six or seven yards in a hurry. More speed in the open field than you?d expect given his size, sets up defenders in the open field for a dangerous cut on the run. Capable of strong cuts on stretch plays, runs with lean and balance to blast or step through arm tackles near the line. Also willing to spin off tackles to free himself in space or stretch for an extra yard inside. Takes out blitzers with cut blocks in pass protection, also defenders at the second level as a lead blocker.
								Missed the end of both his sophomore and junior seasons due to injury. Not elite in his change of direction ability, will round some cuts and gets tripped up trying to change field. Will spin away from situations instead of taking what he can get. Ball security can be an issue, will run with the ball away from his frame (three fumbles in 2011). Not often targeted in the passing game, must prove he can be a reliable receiver. Whiffs too often when trying to land a punch in pass protection, and gets pushed back too easily when man-up.
							
2013	Ryan Swope	2539323	WR	Texas A&M	Swope was an all-state pick (1,826 rush yards, 27 TD; 21-443 receiving) as a senior running back at Austin?s Westlake High School. But by the end of his true freshman season, he was a regular on the field as a reserve receiver (19 receptions, 172 yards, one TD). Swope set the then-school record for receptions while starting all 13 games in 2010, catching 72 passes for 825 yards and four touchdowns, including a big game in aid of the Ryan  Tannehill-led upset of Oklahoma (8-136, TD). 	Possesses a somewhat compact build from his running back days, with good thickness in the upper and lower bodies which translates to functional strength on the field. Very reliable receiver, his hands are strong enough and has the flexibility to grab low, wide, and high passes away from his frame. Foot quickness and strong route knowledge allow him to separate on outs, crosses, and jerk routes from the slot. Slows down in passing windows and finds room in zones to maximize his quarterback?s ability to find him. Often used on quick screens to take advantage of his ability to regularly sidestep would-be tacklers. Gives excellent effort blocking downfield and near the line in the run game, using his strength and agility to mirror and sustain, showing aggressiveness when riding defenders well out of the play.
								His height, straight-line speed and acceleration are only average, limiting him to a slot or number three receiver role at the next level. Doesn?t have the elite athleticism to elude NFL-caliber defenders in space, and his strength is not enough to run through pro linebackers and defensive backs in the second level.
							
2013	LaAdrian Waddle	2539324	OT	Texas Tech	Texas Tech?s passing attack has been one of the most prolific in the country over the past decade ? even after the departure of head coach Mike Leach, the Red Raiders ranked seventh in the NCAA in passing offense in each of the last two years. The lack of success of the quarterbacks running Tech?s spread attack making the translation to the NFL has been well-acknowledged, but it?s also important to note that their offensive tackles, the supposed key pass protectors, have failed to make a dent in the pros. Waddle?s length has a chance to break that trend.	Height and extreme length are prototypical for the tackle position, and his foot quickness when in balance makes it very difficult for even the best sack-masters to get the corner. Thick arms that portend his upper-body strength, and also owns enough flexibility and girth in his lower half to anchor against bull rushes. Occasionally asked to go out to linebackers, shows agility to fit onto the block and uses his long arms to shield them from the play ? though he can be out-quicked by second-level defenders and doesn?t always sustain. His strength and quickness helps him as a zone run blocker, as well.
								Tech?s scheme usually has their linemen moving backwards off the snap, must work on coming hard and low off a three-point stance for the run game. Gives up too much room when backing into pass protection at times, needs his get his hands up and onto defensive ends more quickly to prevent them from getting theirs into his numbers to push him into the quarterback. Loses his kick-slide and get on his heels on some plays, failing to get the needed depth and giving up the corner. Could have a deadly punch if attacking his man instead of catching him.
							
2013	Datone Jones	2539325	DE	UCLA	The graduate of Compton High School stuck around Los Angeles to play college ball after being named a four-star recruit by multiple recruiting services. Datone (pronounced DAY-tone) played in 10 games, with two starts, as a true freshman in 2008 (credited with 17 tackles) before starting every game the following year while racking up 11 tackles for loss and four sacks (including one in the team?s EagleBank Bowl win over Temple). Unfortunately, Jones missed the entire 2010 season with a fractured right foot suffered in preseason camp. Jones? statistics were nothing special in 2011 (41 tackles, 6.5 for loss, three sacks as a 14-game starter), and he wasn?t even named to the All-Pac 12 honorable mention squad by league coaches. 	Versatile lineman that can fit in an odd or even front. Fires off the ball with impressive pad level and is often able to shock the offensive lineman with a quick jolt. Use active hands to disengage quickly. If he cannot disengage, he keeps his arms extended.  Maintains the line by keeping his body leaning forward. Difficult for running backs to avoid him in tight quarters, keeps his feet moving while wrapping up. Shows surprising bend and agility to break down and make tackles in space and to contain when given that assignment. Gives chase to ballcarriers outside the box when fresh. Churns toward the quarterback and keeps his hands active to encroach until the ball is away. Vocal leader on the field.
								Must prove he can sit down in his stance and keep his butt down to get low or anchor against drive blockers. Forward lean can cause him to get off-balance at times, savvy veterans will rip him down to get him to the ground. Knocked off his pass rush route by a strong punch when lined up outside, also lacks great bend and agility to be an elite edge rusher or to redirect his path.
							
2013	Johnathan Franklin	2539326	RB	UCLA	As a redshirt freshman in 2008, Franklin was one of the team?s Outstanding Scout Team Players on offense. He led the team with 566 rushing yards and scored five touchdowns the following season (mostly coming in the first half of the year), starting eight of 13 games he played. Franklin broke out as a sophomore, starting 10 of 12 contests and earning the team?s MVP award and second-team all-conference accolades after again leading the team with 1,127 yards and getting into the end zone eight times. Though he started all 14 games in 2011, garnering honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors, Franklin couldn?t quite reach the 1,000-yard mark (976, five TDs) as he had significantly fewer carries (166 versus 214 in 2010).	One cut type of runner, who has impressive foot quickness, and the ability to explode out of his cuts. Presses the line before cutting to the play side and displays good vision and patience to find open running lane. Sees penetrating defenders, cuts after the handoff to avoid them. Vision on the outside and downfield is also good, can weave through traffic and his loose hips and quick feet allow him to cut inside the defensive back into open space. Not contact-shy, will take the A-gap and churn inside if he sees an opening. Runs hard, behind his pads, and displays good balance.
								Shows enough speed to get outside at times, though scouts won?t consider him in possession of an elite burst or a pure breakaway threat. Won?t overpower NFL defenders with the leaner build that lets them regularly trip him up on first contact. Ball security has been an issue for him (six fumbles in 2011), lacks great upper-body strength and the ball will come away from his side when trying to get the extra yard. Pass protection skills are not up to snuff; he?ll throw his body into an opponent at times, but his cut-block attempts often come up completely empty.
							
2013	Joseph Fauria	2539327	TE	UCLA	Football fans of a certain age might recognize Fauria?s last name (pronounced FORE-ee-aa); his uncle, Christian, played tight end for 13 seasons in the NFL on four teams, with most of his success coming with the Seattle Seahawks and New England Patriots. Both uncle and nephew played for head coach Rick Neuheisel; Christian at the University of Colorado in the 1990s and Joseph over the past couple of seasons at UCLA, before Jim Mora took over in his senior season. 	Long, athletic player who is an excellent red zone target because he can box out and have great reach for high passes. Possesses solid hands to catch away from his frame. Fluid runner who is a tough ask for linebackers to cover in the middle. Shows some short-area quickness to separate on double-moves and out cuts. Gets out of his three-point stance more quickly than expected given his size. Good balance to snatch the ball on the run and hurdle defensive backs trying to cut him down.
								Very lean build. Flashes some balance and elusiveness after the catch but long legs allow defenders to wrap or trip him up easily. Struggles to get low blocking in-line or trying to hit targets in the open field. Will often be overwhelmed by defenders, struggles to stick on his block.
							
2013	Ryan Lacy	2539328	CB	Utah	After a successful high school career as a running back and receiver, and an eighth-place finish in the California state meet in the 100 meters as a senior, Lacy signed to play wideout for the Utes. But surgery on both shoulders before 2008 forced him to take a medical redshirt, and the team?s need for athletes at cornerback put him on defense for the first time when he returned to the field the following fall.	Lacy is not afraid to mix it up on the outside both in press coverage or when ripping off receiver blocks to grab running backs. His extreme foot quickness and sub-4.4 straight-line speed make him able to stay with receivers off the line as well as close on the ball when playing off. And, of course, the former receiver has the hands to make the interception in a fairly large catch radius (and area in which he can deflect passes from receivers? hands) for his size.
								His lack of height and overall bulk are the major detriments to his draft grade, and might keep him inside at the next level. Larger receivers can stiff-arm him after the catch and better pro receivers will effectively use their superior height and length downfield to keep him out of their catch radius.
							
2013	Star Lotulelei	2539329	DT	Utah	The shortened version of Lotulelei?s (pronounced lo-too-leh-lay) first name predicts success in anything he does. Starlite certainly played up to that moniker in 2011, starting all 13 games and receiving the Pac-12?s Morris Trophy as the league?s top defensive lineman (44 tackles, 9.5 for loss, 1.5 sacks). He could have left the Utes for the NFL after that successful season, but decided to spend another year in Salt Lake City in order to get his degree. The dominance continued in his senior season (42 tackles, 11 for loss, 5 sacks), and he improved in many key areas - most notably disengaging with offensive linemen and locating the football. 	Powerful and agile starting nose tackle prospect. Versatile enough to play almost all interior defensive line positions across many types of fronts. Often the first player off the snap, will challenge the hand and foot quickness of guards inside. When choosing to bull rush, gets under his man?s pads and churns his legs to push him backwards. Thick arms eat up ball carriers coming into his path. Quick feet and a bit of short-area speed to spin off blocks inside and follow plays across the field. Flashes arm-over move to penetrate. Recognize screens and track them down, also willing to move down the line while engaged. Greatly improved on reading blocking schemes, locating the football, and disengaging over his last two seasons.
								Inconsistent keeping his eyes in the backfield to find the ball and being violent with his hands to shed, but has improved here and is a dominant run-stopper when he does. Will get pressure, but probably won't be a dominant sack artist at the next level due to how he'll be used. Lacks flexibility to break down on open-field tackles, ball carriers can elude him in the backfield. Does not beat cut blocks with his hands, though he does a good job recovering for his size, gets back into the play.
							
2013	DeVonte Christopher	2539330	WR	Utah	The 2007 Nevada Gatorade Player of the Year at quarterback (3,265 passing yards, 44 touchdowns ? the first time any Nevada passer had more than 30 in the regular season) for Las Vegas? Canyon Springs High School signed with Utah with the idea of taking control of the Utes? offense. But after running the scout team during his redshirt freshman season, coaches moved DeVonte (pronounced da-von-tay) to receiver to take advantage of his athleticism and get young passer Jordan Wynn in the line-up. 	Looks like a NFL receiver, with height, long arms, and some obvious strength. Possesses strong hands, but they are soft when bringing in throws over his shoulder. Extending his long arms also makes it difficult to keep him from separating when he?s making his cuts. Works the sideline and the slot. Gets onto his man quickly in the three-step game, using his large frame to box out opponents on slants or fighting his way through the corner to win the sideline. Flashes the quick feet to separate on out routes and the sideline awareness to keep his feet in-bounds while making the catch; this is especially helpful when coming back to help his quarterback on broken plays. His height and vertical make him a real threat on jump balls over the middle and in the red zone. Uses his length and strength to negate defenders in the run game, usually bringing the attitude to punch and sustain. 
								His straight-line speed will be a major concern for scouts, as better corners will stay with him down the seam and the sideline; that can lead to his disappearing for drives at a time. Body-catches passes instead of using his strong hands, and also loses some 50/50 balls that he shouldn?t given his size.
							
2013	Oday Aboushi	2539331	OT	Virginia	Aboushi's background differs significantly from most draft prospects. The ninth of 10 children, Aboushi says he was "born into a football team." His parents both were born in Palestine, and still speak Arabic at times. He wasn?t the only one of the Aboushi children to play college football, however ? his brother, Aymen, earned second-team All-Patriot League honors at defensive tackle as a senior at Fordham. Oday also played on the defensive line as a top recruit from Brooklyn, but his all-city play on the offensive line is what caught the attention of college recruiters. In fact, his natural ability got him playing time as a true freshman (six games, no starts) and allowed him to start all 12 of the Cavaliers' games (the first five at right tackle, the final seven on the left side) as a sophomore. Aboushi again started every game in 2011, this time all on the left side - and at a level earning him second-team All-ACC accolades from league coaches.	Tall left tackle with a growing frame. Flashes attitude to multiple punches and will take his man to the ground if he gets him off-balance. Takes his man downfield a few yards when he feels he has the physical advantage on a run play. Possesses good enough recovery speed to cut off spin moves. Mobile enough to lead run plays outside, can hit targets in space standing up or cutting them down. Good positional run blocker on the edge, can seal inside or outside to create lanes.
								Not an elite athlete, can be out-quicked on the edge though he usually recovers against college defenders. Will pop up out of his stance when laying back in pass pro (typically if tired) and continue to stay high throughout the play. Stops his feet when punching on occasion, or if his man hesitates, allowing secondary rushes.
							
2013	Bruce Taylor	2539332	ILB	Virginia Tech	Thanks to head coach Frank Beamer and long-time coordinator Bud Foster, the Hokies have become a regular contributor to NFL defenses. Virginia Tech has had at least one defender drafted each spring since 1999, one of only a half dozen colleges to achieve that feat. 	Strong upper body and some thickness through his torsos and thighs help him inside. Holds up linemen trying to move him on the second level, extending his long arms to maintain distance, and can shed to tackle backs cutting off the block. Flashes the quickness come inside-out to trip up running backs and mobile quarterbacks before they break through the second level. Shows instincts in recognizing plays and taking good angles to the ball carrier. Closes hard on running backs running in the flat or towards the sideline in coverage, making the big hit or wrapping up in the open field. Good blitzer, and he is reliable to break down -- and bring down -- the quarterback.
								Injury history, which seems to have taken its toll on his game speed. Late to break on plays not in front of him. Inconsistent finding the ball in traffic and preventing cutbacks on zone plays, also loses track of running backs in coverage on occasion when following the quarterback instead of adhering to his responsibility. Doesn't display the quickest feet in coverage. Bounces off some tackles when trying to hit rather than wrap or not quite having the speed to get the angle on the ballcarrier. Won?t win one-on-one battles against better linemen as a pass rusher until he starts using his quick hands in that role.
							
2013	Marcus Davis	2539333	WR	Virginia Tech	Davis was a quarterback and receiver in high school (while also playing defense), and dipped his feet into both positions in his first year in Blacksburg. He moved from quarterback to receiver in order to make an instant impact, rather than sitting on the bench behind starter Tyrod Taylor. Unfortunately, a right shoulder injury during preseason practices forced Davis to redshirt the season. He managed only five catches for 125 yards the following year, including an 80-yard touchdown against Boston College. Davis? role grew a bit in 2010, starting two of the 14 games he played and catching 19 passes for 239 yards and two scores. He took another step forward in 2011, getting the call for eight starts in 14 contests (though he missed significant parts of two games with a sprained right foot), finishing third on the team in receiving (30-510, 5 TD).  As a senior, Davis totaled 51 catches for 953 yards (18.69 yards per catch) and five touchdowns.	Possesses prototypical size and speed combination to be an outside NFL starter. Smooth runner off the line and turns on a second gear downfield that allows him to separate. His size overwhelms smaller cornerbacks, can fight through their advances and go over the top to take away the jump ball. Uses his body to shield corners on slants. Flashes the footwork to stop and separate on out routes after pushing his man upfield. Good concentration to track the ball over his shoulder on deep balls. Can be a bullish runner after the catch, also capable of spinning away from tackles after a stop route then turn on the jets. Has the size and length to dominate corners in the run game.
								Still learning the position, must take advantage of increased opportunities and experience as a senior and show scouts he can handle the complexity of NFL offenses. Body-catches passes thrown into his frame. Want-to as a blocker is severly lacking. Does not attack targets or lock onto smaller defenders often enough, will throw a shoulder instead of using his hands. Has lapses in concentration. Must consistently run out his routes, even when he knows he?s not the primary target.
							
2013	Desmond Trufant	2539334	CB	Washington	Desmond is looking to become the third Trufant brother to play professional football. Marcus has been a regular starter for the Seattle Seahawks since they picked him in the first round out of Washington State in 2003. Isaiah starred at Eastern Washington before playing in the Arena Football League and becoming the UFL?s Defensive Player of the Year in 2010 before finally getting his shot to play with the Jets the past two seasons.	Legacy pick with NFL size and athleticism. Very good short-area foot quickness, mirrors receivers on the outside on double moves up the sideline or quick out routes. Capable of playing either outside or in the slot. Has speed to run with better receivers. Plays a lot of press-bail but has length and tenacity in coverage. Regularly rips off and out-quicks receiver blocks to get into position to make plays. Competes for the ball in the air and won?t back down from physical challenges from receivers.
								Only adequate in his overall strength and physicality, often whiffs at tackle attempts, jumping at feet or throwing a weak shoulder. Has mental lapses in coverage that lead to big plays. Poor technique in press makes him susceptible to giving up plays. Gives up the sideline in the run game when failing to get outside leverage against receiver blocks. Will open up his hips far too quickly and immediately give up inside leverage.
							
2013	Geno Smith	2539335	QB	West Virginia	Smith didn't earn his third straight All-Big East accolade in 2012 because of the Mountaineers? departure for the Big 12. But he remained one of the top signal-callers in his new conference, even over other prolific signal-callers in the pass-happy league. West Virginia?s spread attack might look a bit different than those run by Oklahoma, Texas Tech and Missouri -- but with Smith at the helm, it is equally dangerous. There?s no question that the cousin of former Miami (Fla.) running back Melvin Bratton (whose knee injury in the 1988 Orange Bowl kept him from having a substantial pro career) is a true competitor with the natural passing and athletic ability to play in the NFL. Scouts also appreciate his improved strength and accuracy, which have helped him become one of the top quarterbacks in this year's draft class.	Competitive, confident player who can lead a team with his physical attributes and willingness to work on his craft. Possesses a quick delivery, can get the ball downfield or move a team methodically by making quick decisions. Has improved his accuracy greatly during his career, placing the ball very well at every level of the field. Fires throws into tight windows over the middle while also leading receivers open on the sideline and showing touch on fades into the end zone.  Generally keeps his eyes downfield and feet moving within the pocket to find a target instead of looking to run. Finds second or third options across the field if first read is covered. Tests defenses with his ability to get first downs and more with his feet, has speed to break off big runs and usually makes the right decision on when to take off. Has gotten physically stronger over the course of his career, is a tough player who will hang onto the ball after a big hit and bounce back up.
								Runs a spread offense almost exclusively from the shotgun, needs work on his footwork coming from under center. Ball will float or sail if his feet are not set or he fails to transfer weight, either in the pocket when facing pressure or when throwing on the run. Blitz awareness is only adequate, will miss guys coming free to his left and right. Will back up from pressure at times instead of unloading the ball or stepping up to make the throw. Seemingly regressed each week, especially when locking on to one side of the field. Did not participate in the Senior Bowl.
							
2013	Tavon Austin	2539336	WR	West Virginia	The Mountaineers have had a dangerous spread offense since Rich Rodriguez led the team, but have moved from a run-based system (ranked third in the FBS in rushing in 2007) to a pass-based spread (ranked sixth nationally in passing in 2011, 10th in 2012). A huge part of the offensive success the Mountaineers have enjoyed over the last two seasons is due to the talent of Austin. A small but quick and elusive playmaker, Austin?s role and impact grew seemingly by the week during his senior season, as he went from a slot returner and returner to a fully fledged Swiss-Army knife, including lining up in the backfield and taking handoffs,	Slot receiver possessing elite acceleration with the ball in his hands, takes advantage of available lanes to explode for big gains. Shows excellent vision both as a runner out of the backfield, as a returner, and as a receiver with the ball in his hands. Almost unstoppable at continue on for additional yardage. Not a frail receiver; plays tough, has some upper-body thickness, and bounces up quickly from hits. Varies the speed of his route, lulls defenders to sleep and takes off to create space on out routes or over the middle. Tough to grab after the catch in zone coverage. Flashes the hands to adjust to wide or high passes, as well as tracking balls over his shoulder. Also goes down to grab low throws. Displays excellent balance to tightrope the sideline. Often used on fly sweeps, using his elite quickness and acceleration to cut inside or get the corner for big plays. Finds space as a kickoff returner to use his speed, will head straight upfield and can spin off tackles in the open field to maximize the return. Can make the first man miss on punt returns and has the vision to slalom between players to the sideline or up the middle. Very difficult to track down from behind. Wins at every level of the field despite his size, and has been somewhat underutilized deep. Improved as a blocker, and will body up on bigger players.
								Limited to the slot on most plays; lacks the size and strength most scouts prefer outside, or even as a kick returner. Hands are good, but not exceptional; will let some hot passes through his small hands and into his chest. Gets a lot of his yardage on shallow crosses, quick throws outside, and the fly sweep/"touch pass." Might not have the chance to get the sideline as often at the next level, forcing him to lower the shoulder and get what?s available to him inside. Must prove he can hang onto the ball after taking big hits from NFL defenders. Will hesitate on punt and kick returns at times instead of immediately accelerating or trusting his blocking, and can get tripped up easily on contact. Incredible balance and stop/start ability, but he might not have elite straight line speed.
							
2013	Quanterus Smith	2539337	DE	Western Kentucky	The rosters of Sun Belt Conference teams have become required reading for NFL scouts, especially since Osi Umenyiora (picked in the second round of the 2003 draft by the Giants out of Troy) and DeMarcus Ware (first round, 2005, Dallas, Troy) started to consistently harass pro quarterbacks. Smith might not have quite the athleticism of those two Pro Bowlers, but his potential as a hand-down or stand-up pass rusher is intriguing.	Possesses the length pro coaches love to see on their defense. Flashes the explosion off the snap as an edge rusher to beat most college tackles to the back of the pocket. Agile enough to contain on the edge and move in space when asked to drop, as well as the motor to hustle down the line and fight to the quarterback until the ball is away. Plays the weak and strong sides of the formation, using extension and a bit more lower body strength than expected given his size to hold his own against right tackles. Hand use greatly improved between junior and senior seasons. Now possesses active, disruptive hands, constantly fighting for inside position and waxing blockers? hands off his body. Has the flexibility to dip his shoulder and reduce his surface area coming around the edge. Creative pass rusher who understands the art of the slow rush.  Gets the offensive tackle to over-commit, then beats him with a rip to the outside or swim to the inside. Makes plays on coverage units as an interior presence.
								Pad level coming off the ball is poor. Needs to learn fire off low, roll his hips through contact, and convert speed to power. Must work on tightening his path to the quarterback around the corner, as he can be ridden out of the pocket too easily. Cheats back off the line of scrimmage obviously when twisting with the defensive tackle. Needs to continue adding bulk and filling out his frame. Good first step, but isn?t lightning quick. Coming off reconstructive knee surgery performed in November, and likely will not be able to contribute in 2012.
							
2013	B.W. Webb	2539338	CB	William & Mary	Webb?s debut for the Tribe was about as successful as one could ever expect. He intercepted three passes, returning one 50 yards for a score, in a surprising 26-14 win at ACC school Virginia in the 2009 season opener. He was the first player from the Football Championship Subdivision to win the national Bronco Nagurski Defensive Player of the Week award for his play.	Wiry strong corner with a tenacious attitude. Aware zone corner, keeps his eyes in the backfield and reacts quickly to throws in his area. Athleticism jumps off the tape. Excellent ball skills. Displays the strong hands for interception. Impressive vertical jump to play the ball in the air and high-point passes. Has foot quickness to stay with his man after a cut. Explosive closing burst and click-and-close ability. Excellent recovery speed. Good length to wrap up receivers after the catch on quick screens. Willing tackler in the open field.
								Average height for the position, and is thin in the hips. Plays a lot of zone and off coverage, lacks experience in backpedal. Seemingly does very little pattern-reading; focuses on the backfield and gets caught ball watching. Press coverage needs a lot of work ? doesn?t shoot his hands and gets on his heels quickly. Also must show scouts he can find the ball in man coverage. Has played most of his games against a lower level of competition. Doesn?t like to fight through blocks and screens.
							
2013	Mike Taylor	2539339	OLB	Wisconsin	Taylor is a two-time all-state pick from Ashwaubenon, Wis., the village that surrounds the Green Bay Packers? revered Lambeau Field on three sides. In addition to his high school football honors, he wrestled for three seasons, finishing third in the state in his weight class as a sophomore. That toughness has helped him fight through multiple injuries to be a very productive college linebacker.	Hard-nosed, instinctive player who is always around the football. Plays with good bend and pad level, and has enough quickness to take advantage of open lanes to get into the backfield. Uses his hands to rip off while moving down the line, can get off blocks to either side of his man, and can take on and shed fullbacks in the hole. Hustle allows him to cut off backs before they can turn the corner. Heady player in who can follow the quarterback?s eyes to the spot.
								Inside/outside ?tweener, lacks a true position. Doesn't have great athletic ability, size, or strength. Needs to bulk up at the next level to stand up to NFL linemen and tight ends, which might hurt his pursuit speed. Quicker ballcarriers cause him to lose his balance in space, though he works hard to recover and often hustles back to the ball. More of a catch-and-drag tackler than an explosive hitter. Injury history is troubling.
							
2013	Ricky Wagner	2539340	OT	Wisconsin	After protecting the blindside for Russell Wilson in 2011, Wagner was forced to block for less athletic (and talented) passers in 2012. The Badgers continue to lose high quality offensive linemen to the NFL, but they repeatedly reload with equal production every year. Until this season. 	Not surprising that his strength is in the run game. Gets off the snap well and uses his girth and strong hands to move defensive ends off the ball and hold the line against bigger tackles. Quick enough feet to reach-block or carry a man down the line on zone runs. Flashes quickness off the snap as a pass protector and gives good effort, hustles to push his man (or oncoming blitzers) around the pocket and works to sustain throughout the play to prevent secondary rushes. Doesn?t give up much ground on bull rushes due to his strong upper body and thick lower half.
								Relies on hustle and strength rather than great recovery speed in pass protection. Has to flip his hips to pick up outside blitzers and is beaten on inside lane too easily by quicker ends. Plays a bit high and narrow at times, though he will widen when setting the anchor. Leans into his man or bends at the waist when engaged at times, can be ripped off by stronger defenders on occasion. Too slow twitch in his movements, very methodical blocker and lacks reaction quickness.
							
2013	Montee Ball	2539341	RB	Wisconsin	Most analysts expected Ball to enter the 2012 NFL Draft because of his great junior season and the short careers of running backs at the next level. Ball was heavily recruited after clearing 5,000 yards and scoring 71 times in his final two years in high school. He earned playing time despite the Badgers? depth at the running back spot in 2009, finishing second on the team with 391 rushing yards ? most coming in the final five games of the year. He only received four starts in 2010 as John Clay got the majority of carries early in the year, but finished with 996 yards and 18 touchdowns as the team?s top back to finish off the season.  He became ?the man? in the Wisconsin backfield as a junior, losing 25 pounds and generally focusing his efforts on his way to being named Big Ten Offensive Player of the Year and a Heisman Trophy finalist. Ball started all 14 games and leading the nation with 1,923 rushing yards and 33 rushing touchdowns. All this despite not hitting 100 yards in three of the first four contests as lopsided scores in the Badgers? favor limited his carries and took away the threat of quarterback Russell Wilson passing the ball. He also tied Barry Sanders? NCAA record with 39 total touchdowns and earned consensus All-American honors, and finished the year strong with 164 yards and a touchdown against Oregon in the Rose Bowl.	Reliable, hard-working zone back. Presses the line of scrimmage, and generally has good vision and feel to find the cutback lane or cut away from penetrating defenders. Willing to run into compressed spaces and doesn?t worry about contact. Hard runner. Stays patient behind pulling guards and fullbacks, has enough quickness to break off a run if the space is available to him. Lowers his pads on contact, keeps his legs moving to gain extra yards against glancing blows. Effective cut blocker in the hole and willing to stand up to blitzers when protecting the quarterback. Natural receiver, adjusts to throws over the middle and in the flat, continues downfield fluidly. Sidesteps or stiff-arms oncoming defenders in space after the catch. Good balance and low center of gravity, can sink low and spin out of tackles. Quick enough to get around the corner on perimeter runs.
								Smaller back with a lot of wear on his tires. Possesses average overall size and straight-line speed. One speed runner who another gear to accelerate once in space, and doesn?t have elite agility to elude quicker defenders. Lacks burst in and out of cuts. Does not have pure power to move piles or free himself through better tackle attempts. Volume runner who isn?t overly creative or powerful, and benefits from plenty of clear entry runs into the second level. Cited in May 2012 for trespassing after failing to leave a porch when asked during Wisconsin?s annual Mifflin Street Block Party. Injured after being assaulted by multiple assailants on campus in August 2012.
							
2013	Caleb Sturgis	2539637	K	Florida	Sometimes you don?t what you?ve got until it?s gone. The Gators found this to be true in 2010 when Sturgis missed the last nine games of the season with a back injury suffered in the preseason. They lost three straight games after he went down, including two home games by a total of seven points where punter Chas Henry missed three field goal attempts. Florida didn?t even try a field goal the entire month of November (though Henry redeemed himself with a 3-for-3 effort against Penn State in an Outback Bowl win).	Flashes the ability to hit strong, high field goals in the 45-52 yard range and drive kicks through the uprights from 55-plus yards away. Has improved his field goal accuracy over time. Shows mental toughness in bouncing back from misses.
								Only adequate size for the position. Inconsistent in his trajectory on both shorter kicks and when driving the ball low to get a bit extra once past 50-plus yards. May need to speed up his approach on placements, his three-step delivery can be a bit slow. Kickoffs reaching the end zone are a bit lower than scouts prefer, and could be brought out by NFL returners.
							
2013	Quinn Sharp	2539638	K	Oklahoma St.	Sharp has displayed ability as both a kicker and a punter. He?s earned All-American honors as both a kicker (2011, 2012) and punter (2010) from the Football Writers Association of America during his career, and was the first specialist to be selected first-team All-Big 12 at both positions. He was named the conference?s Special Teams Player of the Year in both 2011 and 2012 for his efforts.	Good leg strengths on kickoffs, capable of putting the ball through the end zone. Ball explodes off foot on placements, gets up quickly and appears to have 50-plus yard range if given the opportunity. Booms punts with 5.0 second-plus hangtime when trying to put the ball inside the 20. Adjusts to low and high snaps adeptly. Has a thicker build, had six solo tackles on returns in 2009.
								Three-step approach on punts, only adequate delivery time (1.35-1.45 seconds). Inconsistent hangtime and distance on longer punts and kickoffs, gives returners a better chance at a long return. Distance on pooch punts is wild, goes from in the end zone to outside the 20. Unusual approach on some placements; stands with feet together, pounds left foot first and then takes two steps to the spot. Other times he?ll use a more typical three-step approach with a heavy first step.
							
2013	Jackson Rice	2539639	P	Oregon	Rice is a son of a punter ? his father, Mike, was drafted in the eighth round by the New York Jets in 1987 out of the University of Montana. Jackson wasn?t necessarily keen on punting when he was younger, but his right leg eventually earned him a spot in kicking camps, the Maxwell Award as the nation?s top high school punter, and a scholarship to Oregon (among many other offers).	Tall punter with a solid build and good leg extension. Solid get-off time on punts (1.3-1.35 seconds).  Consistent hangtime/yardage combination when making good contact, typically in the 4.5-second range with 45-50 yard boots. Capable of a 60-yard boomer with 4.8-second hangtime. Former high school linebacker who likes to make contact when needed on punt returns. Holds for field goals and extra points.
								Has the occasional poor hit, sometimes when under great pressure but even when having more time. Does not regularly turn the ball over, meaning hang time is too often lacking.
							
2013	Ryan Allen	2539640	P	Louisiana Tech	Allen?s collegiate career got off to a slow start, but he made up for it in a big way by winning the coveted Ray Guy Award as the nation?s top punter in 2011. The left-footed specialist ranked fifth in the FBS in gross average (46.1 yards per punt, a school record) but led the nation with 39 punts inside the 20-yard line and 22 punts inside the 10-yard line. He also forced an outstanding 28 fair catches, partially because Tech tied for third among all FBS teams with 85 punts. Allen also garnered first-team All-WAC and second-team Walter Camp All-American accolades for his efforts.	Left-footed kicker, gives returners fits with the spin. Adequate size for the position. Solid three-step delivery with a get-off in the 1.25-1.35 second range. Very good hang time and nice touch within the 10 yard line, gets 5.0 seconds on shorter punts to force fair catches or have it land with a soft bounce to help coverage units.
								Possesses a good, but not elite leg, most 50-yard kicks don?t have superior hang time to prevent returns. Hang time decreases when rushing his delivery due to perceived pressure, though he still gets solid leg on the ball. Fidgets before the snap. Occasionally hits a shorter line drive with no big rush coming. Does not hold for placements.
							
2013	Marquis Jackson	2539641	DE	Portland St.	Jackson has been on quite a journey during his collegiate career. He couldn?t qualify academically to join his twin brother, Malik, at Southern Cal, so he went the junior college route. Next up was a two-year stop at Texas Southern, and despite his success there, he moved on to Portland State for his senior season. Will these travels affect his draft grade? Probably a little. But in the end, NFL general managers simply want talented players that can do their job on the field; Jackson possesses the same combination of size and athleticism that allowed his brother to become a fifth-round pick of the Denver Broncos, so it?s tough to imagine him not being at least selected in the second half of picks on Draft Saturday. 	Versatile player who lines up standing up or with his hand on the ground outside the tackle, also at the three-technique position. Uses his supreme length to hold the line of scrimmage despite a taller build, as well as to wrap up ballcarriers in his immediate area. Explodes from his stance in pass-rush mode, too quick for FCS linemen and also capable of swatting them away with his hands when he wants to win the gap inside.  Flashes a balanced and quick spin move to get inside tackles trying to take away the edge. Has a strong punch at the point of attack, allowing him to win the line or knock back retreating tackles when rushing the passer. Shows some foto quickness in space and closing speed attacking the quarterback when standing up.

								Pops up out of his stance after the snap, gets away with it against lower-level competition but will need to show he can stay low. Must also prove the flexibility to turn the corner against NFL-caliber linemen, and his height/average flexibility makes it difficult for him to change directions quickly to grab elusive ballcarriers. Lacks elite bulk and strength on the edge to get off better blocks efficiently. Movement in space as a linebacker against NFL ballcarriers might be an issue unless he can learn to play with a lower pad level.
							
2013	Lamar Mady	2539642	OG	Youngstown St.	Mady and his Butler County Community College teammates couldn?t finish off a championship season in 2010 despite going into the game as the undefeated, top-ranked favorite. And somehow he slipped to FCS Youngstown State instead of joining a major college program as a two-year starter and all-league pick at Butler. But NFL scouts aren?t overlooking his athleticism and sturdy build, which makes him a potential starter in a zone system at the next level.	Natural athlete with the bend and footwork to mirror in pass protection, often uncovered because defenders want to take on other linemen.  Quick hands get into his man and keeps them at bay, flashes a strong punch to knock back defenders. Good mobility to be effective to run-block in a zone system, keeps his bend while engaged to move a target with leverage. Also capable of reaching and negating second-level targets, as well as pulling outside and trapping inside.
								Not a dominating player off the snap with pure size or strength, both on the line and in space. His anchor is usually adequate against FCS opponents, but NFL veterans may bull him backwards unless he consistently keeps his pads low. Height and length are both question marks. Drops his head off the snap at times, losing his balance and failing to see what he?s hitting. Ends up on the ground too often. Could crank up the intensity when helping out linemates, will stand around instead of unleashing his strength on a double.
							
2013	Keith Pough	2539643	OLB	Howard	It?s hard to imagine the tall, lean Pough as a 5-foot-8 wide receiver, but that?s exactly where he was his first two years of high school. By the time his senior year arrived, he was an all-state linebacker in South Carolina with offers to walk on multiple FBS programs. But he decided Howard was the best place for him to be, and his father Sam joined him as a wide receivers coach and video coordinator through the 2011 season. Five years later, ?Kiwi? one of the most productive linebackers at any level of college football and has the athleticism to be a Will or Sam ?backer at the next level.	Athletic chase linebacker with speed to close on quarterbacks in the pocket and running backs from the backside. Hustles to track down ballcarriers from across the formation, and has the length and change of direction skills to grab ballcarriers after engaging a lineman in a different gap. Usually finds the ball on misdirection plays. Brings bad intentions in his tackle attempts; drives targets back by dropping his hips and keeping his feet moving and straight-on meetings and throws down any ballcarrier in his path. Stays true to his containment responsibility and sheds blocks of FCS tight ends and tackles adeptly with strong hands and quickness. Willing to take on blockers in the hole or throw his body into tackles on the edge to help others make the play. Tosses aside running backs with strong hands when rushing the quarterback. Should be an effective open-lane blitzer due to his speed and flexibility to turn the corner or move around traffic in the pocket. Good movement skills in coverage, willing to lay the wood on short crossers when playing zone. Weaves his way through traffic with quick feet.
								Presents a leaner build. Many of his plays occur when he?s unblocked; must prove he possesses the strength at the point of attack to take on NFL linemen if he expects to win one-on-one battles on blitzes or hold up against the run on the edge. Can also struggle to bring down stronger ballcarriers in the open field. Often leaves his feet before making the tackle, his speed and length make him effective bringing down FCS ballcarriers but he might lose those battles versus pro backs.
							
2013	Luke Marquardt	2539644	OT	Azusa Pacific	Azusa Pacific University is a Christian institution not well-known for producing NFL talent; in fact, the last player drafted from APU was former Kansas City Chiefs star running back Christian ?the Nigerian Nightmare? Okoye, in the 2nd round of the 1987 draft. But scouts have flocked to the small Southern California school to see Marquardt?s combination of size (6-9, 322) and athleticism. The fact he?s coached by NFL Hall of Fame offensive lineman Jackie Slater is no small item, as his technique is excellent for a player at the NAIA level -? making him an intriguing prospect to watch fly up boards during the draft process. 	Possesses prototypical height, length and a growing frame still able to add weight without losing athleticism. Flashes foot quickness to take away the edge in pass protection, but also mirror without losing knee bend to maintain balance and form. Redirects ends through the pocket inside, as well. Widens his base to anchor when on his game. Also uses his feet to change blocking angle on the move to create running lanes. Surprises with his straight-line speed when leading on pulls or getting downfield to block. Has a solid punch, and is also capable of keeping his feet active while landing it. Comes out of his three-point stance low and hard for his size, gets hands inside to bully defender out of the play. Greets blitzers instead of catching them. Uses strength and length to hold back one defender on double-team while waiting for edge blitzers.
								His height can cause him problems when trying to get leverage on quicker defenders, will need to prove he can avoid getting stood up off the snap in the run game. Gets narrow and comes out of his stance at times against quicker rushers instead of maintaining technique, often because he can against a lower level of competition. Must be consistent with his bend in pass protection and when approaching targets in space. Will occasionally stop his feet while punching, overextending in the process. Could finish plays more regularly, putting his man to the ground and keeping him there as he shows the ability to do.
							
2013	Brandon Williams	2539645	DT	Missouri Southern St.	Three-time All-Americans are rare at any level of football. Williams was one to accomplish that feat. The Associated Press placed Williams on one of their three Little All-American teams (third in 2010, second in 2011, first in 2012) as one of the top players in Division II, III, or NAIA.	Presents a low center of gravity and strong upper body to push consistently push man-up blockers into the backfield. Gets hands on his man fast, extends his arm to get leverage and can hold his ground. Uses his hands to swim or rip past blockers into the backfield. Also wins gaps by attacking a shoulder or out-quicking his man with a first step. Moves down the line adeptly while engaged to flow with plays. Flashes the agility to jump over trash inside and move well in a stand-up rush position despite his thick lower body. Directs teammates on their responsibilities before the snap. Lines up at five-technique, nose and everywhere in-between.
								Doesn?t make a lot of plays outside the box because of average effort and closing speed. Inconsistent at finding the ball, lowers his head at times trying to win gaps, allowing himself to get ridden out of plays. Slow to spin off blocks, and double-teams can move him. Must prove himself against stronger linemen, also that he has the stamina to be more than a rotational player.
							
2013	Dan Buckner	2539646	WR	Arizona	Buckner was a first-team all-state receiver in Allen, Texas, so naturally it was expected he would have similar success after signing with Mack Brown and the Longhorns. He got on the field as a true freshman (5 catches, 84 yards, two touchdowns) and took a step forward in his progression the following year (45-442, but an arrest for misdemeanor trespassing and resisting arrest cost him his scholarship at UT.	Tall outside target with good upper-body strength. Obvious red zone target and vertical route threat due to his height and length. Big body makes him difficult for corners to get around on interior routes. Flashes agility after the catch, used on quick throws and can leave closing corners behind by spinning inside after the comeback or hitch. Also bulls through poor tackle attempts to continue downfield. Snatches passes near his head and above the belt with his hands. Comes off the stem on his routes, creating separation. Uses his long arms to separate downfield, extend for high throws. Shows potential as a run-blocker, using his strength, length and agility to take cornerbacks out of play.
								Possesses build-up speed off the line. Throttles down into his cuts, takes time to cut in on crossers.  Has difficulty adjusting to low throws. Could use his hands more consistently to beat corners off the line, relies on hesitation, which won?t be effective against NFL defenders. Effort on run-blocking could be amped up. A bit top-heavy and long-legged, gets tripped up in traffic and will lose his balance trying to make a quick move.
							
2013	Matt Scott	2539647	QB	Arizona	Few college players follow up a co-Offensive MVP season by taking a healthy redshirt to allow someone else to start in their stead. But Scott made that move in order to allow Nick Foles to run the Wildcats? offense in 2011. The move looks like it might have paid off, as Scott was a great fit for new Arizona head coach Rich Rodriguez?s spread attack. 	Good height and arm strength for the position. Stands tall in the pocket, is decisive on his first read, willing to stick passes in tight windows over the middle. Able to stretch offenses vertically with his arm, also throw out routes across the field with velocity and accuracy. Will step up in pocket when needed, escapes quickly when feeling pressure. Accurate throwing on the run to the left and right, keeps shoulders square and the ball comes out of his hand well. Quick release on hot throws. Elusive as a ballcarrier on keepers, agile enough to sidestep oncoming defenders and has the straight-line speed to burst into the open for big gains.
								Possesses a somewhat lean build and propensity to take off out of the pocket brings durability into question. Sails throws on occasion, needs to throttle that down and show more touch on fades, throws over the top and close to the line of scrimmage. Shows too much confidence in his arm, throws into coverage. Footwork is inconsistent, fails to step into throws or open hips when throwing to his left, resulting in passes coming up short. Double-hitches, uses a tap on the ball as a timing mechanism. Bit of a leggy runner in the open field, might not elude pro linebackers as easily as he can in college. Regularly locks into first option. Operates almost exclusively out of the shotgun, though he?s been under center in previous years.
							
2013	Walter Stewart	2539648	DE	Cincinnati	Stewart was a three-year letterwinner on the defensive line in high school, and he finished the 2007 season with 102 tackles, 22 of those for loss, 17 sacks, six caused fumbles, and four fumble recoveries. He earned Columbus Dispatch first-team all-metro and second-team all-Ohio honors as a senior. Stewart collected six fumbles, 11 forced fumbles, 30 sacks and 285 total tackles for his high school career. Stewart went on the have a tremendous college football career, but the major news was revealed this year that he had been born without the posterior arch of the C1 vertebra, an injury that most believe will seriously derail his football career. 	Tall, long edge rusher who comes off the ball smooth, quick and low despite his height. Sits into his three-point stance very well, has flexibility to turn the corner and closing speed to finish the play. Uses length and powerful hits to separate the ball from quarterbacks from the blind side. Also lines up on the strong side. Has quickness to jump inside when tackles lean to stop his edge rush. Has quick hands to get inside the tackle?s jersey and leverage them backwards. Shows good backfield awareness and flashes violence to shed blocks when ballcarriers come his direction, tight ends and fullbacks have little chance to keep him out of plays. Stands up regularly, shows good get-off some decent movement skills in space for his build to handle short-area zones. Willing to hit tight ends to knock them off their route.
								Tall and lean, will need to prove he can maintain leverage to NFL linemen (especially doubles) as a defensive end. Can be backed up off the line and moved via the upper body by stronger linemen. Will leave his feet before making a tackle instead of running through target, though his length is usually good enough to stop ballcarriers. Stiff, high and leggy in his backpedal dropping into coverage, looks much better when using angles.
							
2013	Hugh Thornton	2539649	OG	Illinois	Thornton went through extreme difficulties as a child, seeing his parents get divorced, finding his mother and sister murdered while visiting them in Jamaica over Christmas break in 2004, and eventually moving to Ohio before his senior year in high school to live with his aunt after being abused by his father while living with him in Idaho. He also hurt his own cause by being arrested for underage consumption in Champaign in 2009 and attempting to use a fake ID card the following fall. But he?s fought through all of that, however, to become a reliable, versatile lineman with NFL potential.	Tenacious blocker once engaged either in the run game or pass pro, finishes blocks to the ground whenever necessary. Good quickness from his stance, can fire out to greet defenders. Very good upper body strength to latch onto and stone targets, possesses footwork to stay with them throughout the play. Quick feet and good straight-line speed also help him block down and reach second-level targets, also pulled for outside runs. Uses athleticism and length as an effective cut blocker in space to take out defenders.
								Tall for an interior player, but lacks pure lateral movement to stay outside at the next level. Bends at the waist too regularly in pass protection, both when trying to land a punch or failing to move his feet against speed rushers on the edge. Needs to anchor more quickly against bull rushes, has the strength to do so but doesn?t get his hands inside to stop his man?s momentum. 
							
2013	Graham Pocic	2539650	C	Illinois	Even though it makes sense that a first-team all-state pick from Lemont, Illinois would stay in-state for play for the Illini ? it?s no sure thing. Graham Pocic signed up to play for then-head coach Ron Zook in Champaign after an exemplary high school career, but his brother decided to take another path. Ethan Pocic committed to LSU in the summer of 2012, before his senior season; if he plays half as well as big brother Graham, head coach Les Miles will certainly tip his hat to him and NFL scouts will be looking forward to grading him a few years from now.	Sits low in his stance and smooth movement after the snap despite his height, also uses quick reactions to complete reach block even when you wouldn?t expect him to adjust. Mobile enough to reach or adjust to Mike linebacker coming downhill to ride him out of the play, also used on pulls and traps. Goes out to help his tackles instead of standing around inside when uncovered. Widens his base and mirrors in one-on-one pass pro when engaged. Lines up at left guard on occasion. Gets down for cut blocks on the line and when cutting off backside pursuit. Finishes plays, will clean up piles through the whistle if needed.
								Tall for a center, often needs to bend at the waist instead of relying on his length and feet to redirect in pass pro or make late blocks to help his guards. Not a dominating player in spite of his size, better linemen shed or slip off his blocks. Can be out-quicked in pass protection when one-on-one at guard where open space becomes more of an issue. Usually a reliable on shotguns, but speedy tackles can make him send back low snaps.
							
2013	Reid Fragel	2539651	OT	Ohio St.	The departure of both of Ohio State?s starting tackles from the 2011 season forced Buckeyes coaches to look for answers at those crucial spots. It was no surprise that they picked Fragel to move inside from his blocking tight end role last spring, and during the offseason his frame easily added the weight necessary to play in the Big Ten. He then went on to start all 12 games at right tackle for the Buckeyes during his senior year. 	Tall, long lineman who has maintained his athleticism despite adding strength throughout his frame-and he still has room to grow in the upper and lower bodies. Doesn?t play like the typical former tight end, gets after defensive ends on the outside and can move tackles off the line in the run game with leverage and strong legs. Attacks ends in pass protection, rides them around the pocket. Flashes lateral movement and quick steps to cut off the edge (on twists, as well), mirror spin moves, or cut off the inside lane. Quick enough off the snap to reach block tackles or take linebackers out of the hole so running backs can cut back. Uses athleticism to take an end around the edge and then quickly get downfield to block on draw plays. Picks up interior blitzers instead of being taken outside by the end. Widens his base in pass protection to prevent getting bulled. Plays with attitude, will extend at the end of plays to finish when in position. Shows some recovery speed if taking a wrong step off the snap, should only improve there because of his athleticism. Attacks the inside shoulder in the running game to automatically put his body in the correct position. Shoulders are over toes when asked to immediately get to the second level. Continues to fight even if put in an awkward, losing position.
								Still learning the position, and how to play with additional weight, because of his late switch to the offensive line. Needs to hit his hands inside more consistently to control his target off the snap. Strength is lacking in his grip, can occasionally be thrown around or lunge forward because of it. Overaggressive at times in both pass pro and on run blocks, opponents take advantage of his leaning to push him upfield or get him off-balance. Will stop his feet at times while the play continues, allowing his man to get into plays if they are extended. Inconsistent getting down quickly on his cut blocks, though opponents find it hard to get around them. Must consistently move his feet after latching onto his opponent to prevent getting shed.
							
2013	Zach Boren	2539652	FB	Ohio St.	Zach?s father, Mike, was a linebacker at Michigan who had a potential NFL career thwarted by a knee injury. His brother, Justin, was an offensive lineman who signed with the Wolverines before transferring to Ohio State (due to his unhappiness with head coach Rich Rodriguez) and eventually hooking on with the NFL?s Baltimore Ravens. But Zach decided to stay close to home, signing with the Buckeyes -? and OSU running backs greatly appreciate his presence when escorting them through the hole. His combination of tough lead-blocking, receiving ability and special teams acumen could make him a starter for one of the few remaining teams regularly utilizing a fullback.	Utilized as a lead-blocker from I-formation and H-back spot during his career. Brings attitude to his blocks, dropping his hips to explode into the chest of bigger defenders to knock them backwards. Athletic enough to stay on linebacker blocks throughout a play if he chooses. Presents a good target out of the backfield, possessing flexibility to adjust to throws while turned and solid hands. Has some quickness into his route and agility to make a defender miss, and can run through an arm tackle for the extra yard. Also uses flexibility to adjust to oncoming defenders as a lead blocker, chipping them off their route to the ball. Anchors against blitzers in pass protection.Will contribute on special teams coverage units. Showed awareness and agility as a linebacker.
								A bit shorter than teams prefer as an H-back. Does not have a lot of experience carrying the ball. Needs to prove he can be effective in short yardage situations. Could stay on his blocks more consistently, at times preferring to punch instead of latching on, allowing his man to get back into plays. Lack of experience at the linebacker position.
							
2013	Robert Alford	2539653	CB	Southeastern Louisiana	If Alford wants to find out how difficult it can be to make it in the NFL, all he has to do is ask his older brother. Fred Booker, was a three-year starting cornerback at LSU, but had to play in NFL Europe, the AFL, and get chances with multiple teams in training camp before finally playing 12 games (nine tackles) with the New Orleans Saints in the 2005 season. Alford does have superior talent to Booker, however, so scouts are thinking he can make more of an impact on defense.	Possesses adequate height and sufficient upper-body strength to play outside in the NFL. Consistently competitive at the line in press coverage and downfield on jump balls, even against larger receivers.  Has fluid hips and quick feet to open up and run down the sideline, as well as a smooth backpedal to maintain cushion. Stays low in man off the snap to mirror his target?s route. Aware zone defender who sees and attacks the underneath route. Good closing speed to the receiver when playing off, usually finishes the tackle. Flashes quickness to avoid blocks in the run game, brings some attitude to ride down running backs. Used in the slot, primarily as a blitzer because of his speed and tenacity. Shows ball skills, vertical, and concentration to snatch throws in front of or over the top of his man, and can make the easy catch as a center fielder in zone.
								Gives up size to outside receivers, is pushed backwards by aggressive players on run plays or when in press; he needs to get his hands up more quickly to get in the first shot in those situations. Inconsistent in his effectiveness as a tackler, will be slow to cut or throw a shoulder instead of wrapping against better ballcarriers. Overaggressive in his angles in run support, giving up the sideline instead of forcing plays inside.
							
2013	Josh Johnson	2539654	CB	Purdue	Johnson was considered one of the top 100 baseball prospects in the nation as a junior, leading the Tampa, Fla. area in home runs. But "Jay Jay" knew from the get go that football was his future, and so far it?s worked out for the best. Some might have been surprised that Johnson signed with Purdue coming out of Florida, as the team had just one cornerback drafted over the past decade (Jacques Reeves was picked in the seventh round by Dallas in 2004).	Confident, competitive cornerback. Good agility and quick feet to mirror receivers? routes when in man coverage. Aware zone defender, directs teammates on the field on whom to take when receivers cross. Closes to the ball quickly when playing off, good hand-eye coordination to knock away passes as the ball arrives. Baits the quarterback to throw crossers, will cut underneath to knock away the pass. Possesses the vertical and timing to win jump balls against taller receivers. Can beat receiver blocks with quickness or violent hands, also fights through the catch in the end zone. Contains run and quick screens from hitting the sideline, and will drop his hips to wrap and stand up to ballcarriers, riding them out of bounds if not able to bring them down. Goes for the strip during the tackle when possible. Effective cut-tackler in space, as well.
								Gives up height and strength against better receivers both off the line and downfield., Does not take advantage of moderate-to-difficult interception opportunities. Gets grabby downfield, will incur holding and pass interference penalties at the next level unless he trusts his quick feet. Overwhelmed by larger receivers outside in the run game, leading him to dance at times instead of taking them on. Struggles to bring down strong ballcarriers.
							
2013	Travis Long	2539655	OLB	Washington St.	An all-state pick as a defensive lineman and tight end from Spokane (he was born at Fairchild Air Force Base there), Long decided to stay in eastern Washington to play for the Cougars. And whether he?s lined up at defensive end or linebacker for head coach Paul Wulff, who had spent eight years at Eastern Washington before coming to Pullman, the three-time all-conference pick makes an impression on opposing offenses ? and NFL scouts.	Versatile performer who plays with his hand on the ground and as a stand-up pass rusher. Intelligent and instinctual, usually contains on the edge and sniffs out screens and bootlegs well. Flashes quick and strong hands to pop off blocks outside, can also spin out of blocks when needed. Works hard to hold the line as a defensive end. Possesses enough short-area agility to handle coverage duties as a linebacker, also physical against running backs and tight ends in space. Bullish pass rusher, gets his hands on his man?s numbers to drive him backwards. Most sacks comes from his relentless effort. Hustles down the line and across the field to involve himself in plays run away from him. Solid tackler, wraps the torso with authority and works hard to drag down the ballcarrier.
								Not a physically dominating defender. Lean build for a defensive end, stronger tackles win in the upper-body battles on the edge.  Gets knocked off his route fairly easy with a big punch, does not bring a ton of power to his own punch. Flexibility and get-off are not exceptional, does not have an elite first step or turn the corner with regularity. Straight-speed and agility will be tested when covering NFL tight ends in space.
							
2013	Corey Broomfield	2539656	CB	Mississippi St.	For the first time in his three-year career with the Bulldogs, Broomfield failed to intercept a pass in 2011. It was understandable, however, since he played with a cast covering a broken right thumb suffered against Auburn in the second game of the year. The resilience he showed working through that injury only increased his value to scouts despite the lack of turnovers he created, and his ability to move over to the strong safety spot for his senior year again improved his draft stock for an NFL needing tough defensive backs who can handle themselves around the line as well as in coverage.	Versatile, feisty defender who does not back down from any player or challenge. Has played outside, in the slot, and as a deep safety. Takes on blocks with aggression. Good foot quickness in the slot to stick with receivers off the line. Also plays the run hard on the edge, takes on tight end and linemen. Downhill players against the run when lined up deep. Secure tackler for his size, breaks down quickly and uses his wiry strength and want-to to finish off the ballcarrier. Also takes out receivers with strong cut tackles. Should be a solid zone corner, able to read the quarterback and close to the spot before receiver gets there. Very good ball skills for the position, can adjust to high or low throws well and has speed, vision, and toughness to reverse field position after the catch.
								Shorter than scouts prefer at defensive back and also possesses a slight build. At a disadvantage downfield and on the line against larger receivers, even though he has length and tenacity to hold his own. Must prove trail ability and recovery speed against NFL slot receivers. Can be high and stiff in his pedal, best when moving forward.
							
2013	Brad Madison	2539657	DE	Missouri	Madison was a Mizzou fan early on growing up in the Show Me State, and won all-state honors on both the offensive line and defensive line in high school (though he missed about half his senior year with an injured foot). His brother, Ryan, was a three-year starter at left guard for the Tigers, so it was natural for the coaching staff to project Brad as an adept blocker, as well. But his natural athleticism and agility gave them pause during the spring of 2009, and moving him to defensive line after his redshirt season seems to have been the correct move ? both for his ability to change games in college and in the NFL.	Challenges tackles both inside and outside with strength and a fair get-off for his size. Flashes a spin move off initial contact, maintains balance to chase down the quarterback. Brings a strong punch off the snap when playing the run, holds his ground using his thick overall build. Displays some bend to shorten the corner around the tackle. Excellent back side and downfield hustle. Gets his arms up to block passes if he doesn?t reach the quarterback. Tough player who stuck it out in 2011 instead of redshirting.
								Not elite in any particular area of his game, will have a tougher time beating NFL tackles off the snap and containing plays on the edge. Does not get off blocks consistently enough. Lacks short-area agility to grab mobile quarterbacks or running backs running by him as he heads upfield. Occasionally rushes from a stand-up position but lacks the agility to move with NFL receivers in space. Lacks flexibility to adjust to cut blocks, doesn?t use his hands to beat them. Must prove himself healthy in medical exams.
							
2013	Craig Roh	2539658	DE	Michigan	The 2008 Arizona Gatorade Player of the Year totaled 101 tackles for loss and 33 sacks in his final two years at successful Chaparral High School. Roh stepped into the starting line-up as a true freshman in 2009 at outside linebacker (37 tackles, 7.5 for loss, two sacks, three pass break-ups), and began his sophomore year there, as well (43 tackles, 5.5 for loss, 0.5 sack, two forced fumbles) before moving to defensive end for the last five weeks. He started every game for the third straight year in 2011, earning honorable mention All-Big Ten honors with 32 tackles, eight for loss, and four sacks. As a senior, Roh totaled 38 tackles (5.5 for loss) to go along with 4 sacks. Roh was named to the Coaches All-Big Ten second team, and finished off his career with 51 consecutive starts, a school record.	Solid build. High motor. Comes off the ball hard, works through his man?s shoulder to win the gap. Flashes an arm-over and spin move to get free from leaning tackles. Intelligent, instinctual player who keeps his eyes in the backfield, usually finds the ball. Maintains containment responsibility on the outside. Hustles to the quarterback when free from his block, also chases plays to the sideline. Shows good leverage against single blocks when his shoulders are square, holding the line, and is also able to disengage to grab backs coming through the hole. Possesses strength to rip off blocks in either direction to free himself.
								Tall frame and propensity to turn his shoulders while engaged cause him to lose leverage, get pushed back at times despite strong effort. Average pass rusher, pops up out of his stance and lacks the speed and bend to turn the corner against better tackles. Closing speed to ballcarriers outside the box is only adequate, is an upright runner and lacks great agility to change directions when on the attack. Fails to feel cut blocks or beat them with his hand, though he hustles to recover.
							
2013	Izaan Cross	2539659	DE	Georgia Tech	Georgia Tech?s offense gets the lion?s share of publicity, both for the option attack?s uniqueness in major college football and for its occasional production of NFL receivers despite the lack of consistent opportunities it provides for players like Demaryius Thomas and Stephen Hill. But don?t count out Yellow Jackets defenders like Cross in making an impact at the next level; his versatility and athleticism make him a potential inside or outside contributor on the defensive line, depending upon what playing weight his new teams thinks he?ll be most effective.	Good combination of size, length, and athleticism allows him to line up at any spot on the front. Holds the line against single blocks and stands his ground against doubles. Solid one-gap run defender inside, keeping his eyes in the backfield and working through block to latch onto the ballcarrier. Flashes spin move outside to get free, and will destroy tight ends with power one-on-one. Uses a shimmy or arm-over move inside to win the gap against leaning guards. Gets his hands into passing lane when unable to reach the quarterback. Strong upper-body and good length make it tough for ballcarriers to run through tackles once he?s latched on. Plays with attitude through the whistle, doesn?t back down from challenges.
								Might be a three/five ?technique ?tweener for some teams, lacking pure size as an interior presence and explosion as an edge pass rusher. Needs to pop off blocks more consistently using his long arms and a strong punch. Won?t make many plays outside the box with average closing speed. Doesn?t break down reguarly to make tackles, can be easily eluded in the backfield or in space by pro-caliber 
							
2013	Nick Becton	2539660	OT	Virginia Tech	A lot of teams start seasons with two new offensive tackles, but Virginia Tech managed to stash two highly-recruited pass protectors for most of four seasons before unleashing them on opposing defensive ends. Becton took over the left tackle position (with Vinston Painter on the right side) for his senior year, and started all 13 games.	Athletic left tackle prospect with the necessary height and length for the position. Possesses good lateral movement, can deliver a good punch while keeping his feet alive. Stays balanced to cut off the inside lane. Widens his base and anchors quickly against bull rushes. Good mobility to reach the second-level and get out in front of outside runs and quick screens. Quick feet help him get blocking angles while engaged. Attacks ends on run plays, willing to stay on block a few yards downfield to prevent his man from disengaging.  Effective on cut blocks, gets down fast and makes good contact to prevent back side pursuit. Aware of wide blitzers, uses his feet and length to punch them around the corner.
								Not a dominating lineman in terms of pure strength, though he doesn?t have the attitude of a finesse blocker. Sometimes relies on his punch to knock defenders off their route, leaning or stopping his feet in the process. Other times, can he slow to get his hands up, allowing ends and second-level targets to get into his chest.  Needs to prove he can stay low off the ball in short-yardage situations, can play a bit high. Not always aware of late blitzers or edge rushers, will also fail to get off block to reach them even if he sees them. First-year starter as a senior.
							
2013	Omoregie Uzzi	2539661	OG	Georgia Tech	Under head coach Paul Johnson, the Yellow Jackets have become best known for their use of the triple option offense. When Johnson took the Tech job after leading the Naval Academy to five bowl games in six seasons, people wondered how his system would work in the ACC. Four bowl appearances later, no one?s asking those questions anymore ? partially due to linemen like athletic, intelligent linemen like Uzzi executing his blocking scheme.	Athletic guard who possesses sturdy, low center-of-gravity build to keep leverage against larger tackles. Quickness off the snap is a major asset, can reach-block effectively and ride penetrating three-techs out of the hole. Practiced cut-blocker in Tech?s system, gets down quickly and usually takes out the legs from his man to stop them from attacking plays. Gets to linebackers at the second level and safeties at the third, as well as linemen, due to the explosion out of his stance. Recovers well if missing his cut, gets up quickly for a man his size. Displays agile footwork in pass pro, shows quickness to help center with the nose tackle then move out to aid tackle on inside rushes.
								A bit undersized for some coaches and scouts. Not a pure drive blocker, though he can get movement with quickness off the snap when staying low on head-up blocks. Must prove his ability to anchor and stay upright while engaged in a pro-style blocking scheme (ends up on the ground too often). Hands fall dead in pass pro at times, needs to be more active with them. Needs to do a better job of staying on blocks when he reaches the second level.
							
2013	Lerentee McCray	2539662	OLB	Florida	Sometimes it takes until a player?s senior season before he gets a chance to realize his potential -- as McCray will tell you. A four-star prospect from Ocala, Florida, he had three tackles in the prestigious U.S. Army All-American Bowl after putting up over 200 tackles and 20 sacks in his junior and senior seasons in high school. But it took until his senior year to become a full-time starter, mostly due to an injury to talented sophomore Ronald Powell, before he could be healthy enough to saty on the field. Despite this delay, scouts have seen enough of his raw size and athleticism to consider him a potential contributor at the next level.	Versatile defender who rushes the passer from either side of the line, with his hand down or standing up. Solid get-off from a hand-down position, can stay low and has excellent flexibility to turn the corner, length to wrap up quarterbacks and separate the ball on impact. Also wins B-gap by coming off low and strong. Uses his length to get leverage when bull-rushing or facing double teams on the edge despite his slight build. Powerful hands that result in a jolt on contact. Works hard through blocks to reach the quarterback if the ball stays in the pocket. Hustles to chase plays across the line and downfield. Stays on his feet through cut blocks, uses his hands to keep balance. Agile enough to drop into a zone. Shows hands for the easy interception.
								Has an injury history, also rotated out of games regularly; must prove stamina to be an every-down player. Lean defender who can be knocked off his path as a pass rusher by a strong punch. Relies on outside rush too often, needs counter moves to take advantage of inside lane. Struggles to get off blocks when leaning into his man on the edge. Must prove he has the agility and bend to move with receivers outside in coverage.
							
2013	Mike Gillislee	2539663	RB	Florida	Expectations were high for Gillislee when he arrived in Gainesville as a top-10 running back recruit nationally from DeLand, Fla. He didn?t get many carries his true freshman year despite playing in all 13 games (31 for 267 yards, one TD), but did rush for 78 yards on five carries in the team?s win over Cincinnati in the Sugar Bowl. Gillislee scored seven times as a sophomore, but still averaged less than five carries a game (58-325) on the year. He had fewer touchdowns in 2011 but still had a less-than-ideal workload (56-328, two TDs).  	Solid runner capable of carrying the load when given the opportunity. Possesses adequate size and power for the position. Sets up cutbacks, sticks his foot in the ground well to avoid penetrating defenders or go against the flow of the line. Has enough speed to break off a big run if the hole is available to him. Displays some vision in the open field, does not head to the sidelines if more yards can be had. Not a finesse runner, keeps his feet moving through contact. Uses his hand to swipe aside tacklers coming inside-out, maintains balance to continue downfield. Willing to lower pads in short-yardage and lean to get the extra yard. Willing in pass pro, can be effective as a cut-blocker and will make contact with blitzers off the edge. Good hands out of the backfield, adjusts to high passes and is a threat to make the first defender miss with a cut after the catch.
								Not as decisive as you?d like after the handoff, pausing instead of pressing the line.Will waste steps in moving laterally. Inconsistent taking what the defense gives him, will bounce outside where NFL defenders will bring him down for a loss. Will cut a bit early against blitzers in pass pro, needs to stay up and anchor when they expect the low block. Resorts to throwing a shoulder too often in the backfield or leading plays downfield. Holds the ball low and in the wrong hand in the open field, inviting fumbles.
							
2013	Marcus Sales	2539664	WR	Syracuse	Things looked like they were on the way up for Sales after he covered 172 yards and scored three times for the Orange in the team?s Pinstripe Bowl win over Kansas State at the end of the 2010 season. But running a red light with his brother, Michael, the following July turned out to be a costly error. Police found marijuana, pills and drug paraphernalia in the car, as well as an open intoxicant, leading to multiple drug charges and a year-long suspension from the football team. Eventually, a grand jury found no evidence he knew about the drugs before the arrest, dropping the major felony charges (though Michael still faced them). Reinstated for the 2012 season, Sales hopes to remind his opponents, teammates, and NFL scouts of his talent and also hopes to emulate the NFL success of former Syracuse receiver and Tampa Bay 2010 fourth-round pick, Mike Williams.	Presents a nice combination of long arms and quickness off the line to play inside or outside in an NFL offense. Used on quick screens to get the ball in his hands in space. Sets up oncoming defenders to make a smooth cut. Snatches the ball out of the air with strong hands, flexible enough to adjust to throws behind him on speed outs. Aware of first-down markers, give effort to get there. Lowers his pads after the catch, can run through arm tackles and lean forward for the extra yard. Can be an effective blocker outside when he uses his length and strength to their fullest. Also tenacious to block downfield in front of teammates. 
								Suspended for 2011 season due to arrest. Has long legs for his height, bit of a strider so short-area quickness and elusiveness is not elite for an inside receiver. Does not adjust to low throws easily due to his build. Does not always run routes to their fullest when knowing he?s not the primary option. Hot-and-cold effort as a blocker, will wait for targets to approach and fail to keep the blocking angle so his man can get to the play.
							
2013	Joe Caprioglio	2539665	OT	Colorado St.	Caprioglio (pronounced KAP-ree-OH-lee-oh) looked like a legitimate NFL prospect as the Rams? weak-side tackle for the first two games of the 2011 season, but suffered a season-ending torn left ACL in the first quarter of the team?s 28-14 loss to rival Colorado at the home of the Denver Broncos, Mile High Stadium. Caprioglio worked hard to make it back on the field for the team?s 2012 opener in Denver, this time making it through the game and helping CSU beat the Buffaloes 22-17.	Possesses NFL size and strength. Flashes footwork to take away the corner while staying balanced to cut off the inside lane. Can move while engaged to get outside or inside blocking angle. Bounces off one block to pick up late blitzers with surprising quickness. Can widen his base and anchor against bull rushes with some nice lower-body strength. Gives excellent effort to recover if beaten off the snap, uses his length and strength to hold up ends or push them around the pocket so his quarterback can step up.
								Does not possess elite agility, might work best at right tackle or inside at the next level as recovering will be more difficult against pro defensive ends. Plays with a high pad level at times, will miss his punch and get his hands too often against better ends, losing his balance in the process. Must show he can come off the ball low and hard in short-yardage situations.
							
2013	Travis Johnson	2539666	DE	San Jose St.	Despite racking up 38 sacks in his final two seasons at Sunnyvale?s The King?s Academy, Johnson received just one scholarship offer from a Football Bowl Subdivision program ?- San Jose State. It looks as though the local school made the right call, as Johnson?s been a thorn in the side of college quarterbacks as much as he was high school passers. This Eagle Scout?s relentless nature and agility should help him convert to a 3-4 rush linebacker or add some weight to stay as a ?wide-nine? 4-3 defensive end.	Undersized, quick, high-motor defensive end. Good get-off after the snap from stand-up or hand-down position, can get under the outside arm of left tackles to turn the corner or jump inside to get the direct lane to the quarterback. Uses hands in multiple ways to beat tackles off the edge, swipes them aside if they pause, rips down if they lean forward.  Finds the ball in the backfield, displays the change of direction ability to keep containment or chase down scrambling quarterbacks for a short gain; makes a change to linebacker seem possible. Comes off the ball low and hard when at five-tech, holds his ground well for his size and can slip inside to disrupt inside runs. Senses inside runs, can beat his man into the gap or chase from behind.  Solid tackler, strong enough to throw quarterbacks to the ground. 
								Lacks the size to play every-down defensive end at this point, though he may be able to add some weight to his frame. Engulfed or put to the ground by NFL-sized tackles, finds it difficult to disengage even when trying hard to use his hands. Could use a quicker spin move to win the inside lane, usually just spins to get off blocks downfield. Doesn?t sense or defeat cut blocks consistently. Lacks elite strength, can slip off tackles on larger targets.
							
2013	Phillip Thomas	2539667	SS	Fresno St.	Based on his play as a junior, it looked as though Thomas was going to assert himself as one of the top safeties in the 2012 draft class. But a gruesome leg injury (broken left leg, dislocated ankle) suffered in a non-contact drill just three days before the 2011 season opener dashes those hopes. He appears to be in full strength for his second senior season, however, as the hard-hitting team captain with fair ball skills leads his defense in its first year in the Mountain West Conference.	Athletic, physical defender. Strong tackler with good length and the attitude to throw down ballcarrier. Breaks down well when approaching ballcarriers in space, has quick feet  and agility to make the stop. Quick enough to stay with tight ends and some receivers in coverage, can undercut to knock away or pick off late throws. Nice ball skills to extend away from his frame to make the moderate-to-difficult interception. Sticks his nose in against the run when making that read, fills a hole, flows through traffic to find the ball, or adds himself into piles with reckless abandon. Comes downhill from two-deep look with speed.  Adept blitzer off the edge, makes ballcarrier pay in thebackfield if not accounted for.
								Missed 2011 season due to a leg injury. Not corner-like in his change of direction ability in man coverage against quicker receivers, though more than adequate for an NFL safety. Can get nosy on play action, getting sucked up or failing to drop deep enough when starting around the line. Loses battles against better receiver blocks in the run game. Needs to prove he has the strength to stop pro ballcarriers in their tracks and be an intimidator in the back half when receivers come over the middle.
							
2013	D.J. Harper	2539668	RB	Boise St.	Though it seems as though Harper?s been with the Broncos for a decade, it?s only been six years. Unlike most players getting an extra year of eligibility due to injuries, he?s actually played at least three games in every season since 2007. He managed to stay healthy throughout the 2011 season for the first time in three years, and though playing a reserve role behind 2012 first-round pick Doug Martin, he managed to quiet the fears of coaches and teammates that those injuries had robbed him of his speed and agility.	Speed back who hits the jets when in the open field. When he presses the line, shows quick feet to cut into space and then quickly accelerate. Has some thickness to his frame, not a slight runner like many fast backs. Runs with good lean inside, ends up falling forward and can get through arm tackles. Flashes balance to keep running after a spin move in the open field. Willing to lower shoulder into defensive back to finish runs instead of stepping out of bounds. Shows good hands in limited chances as a receiver, threat to leave behind linebackers on wheel routes and make moves to free himself of coverage in the flat or over the middle. Plays some Wildcat QB in the red zone. Capable as a cut blocker.
								Tore left ACL twice, must check out medically. Lacks enough power to run inside, and will too frequently try and bounce to the outside. Keeps the ball in his inside hand at times instead of switching it away traffic. Not always as decisive as you?d like finding his hole behind the line, also loses his balance trying to make moves in the open field at times instead of taking what he can get. When attempting to anchor in against pass rushers, he either gets run through, or run past.
							
2013	Zeke Motta	2539669	SS	Notre Dame	NFL scouts that headed to South Bend this season might have experienced d<e9>j vu when they looked in the secondary; Motta?s size and athleticism are similar to those of former Irish star and Minnesota?s 2012 first-round safety Harrison Smith. As a part-time starter his first three years on campus due to the team?s depth at the position, Zeke (short for Ezekiel) needed to show he could make plays in his first year as a starter. He finished the season with 77 tackles, two for loss, and three pass breakups.	Combines a thick upper-body build with good athleticism for the safety position. Shows some range to play two-deep adeptly, gets to the sideline quickly and comes downhill on run plays or underneath routes. Looks fluid and smooth in his backpedal.  Reads receiver route combinations, stays deeper than deepest but also reads quarterback to crash shorter routes immediately after the catch. Solid and secure open-field tackler, brings bad intentions, drops his hips and wraps using his long arms. Uses hustle to chase down ballcarriers as a last line of defense. Intelligent leader in the secondary, communicates well with his teammates on the field. Should be an excellent special teams contributor with his size, strength, and tackling ability.
								Straight-line speed and change of direction ability questionable. Could be challenged by NFL receivers downfield. Does not have range to be a single-deep threat and lacks great closing speed to to make a play against multiple vertical routes. Has not made many plays in coverage. Needs to prove he can track the ball in the air to knock passes away without interfering and make the moderate-to-difficult interceptions. Often in a deep position, needs to show scouts he can flip his hips open to run with receivers downfield.
							
2013	Sheldon Price	2539670	CB	UCLA	Productive high school cornerbacks who excel in track are coveted by college coaches, so it was no surprise that Price was a highly sought after recruit after racking up 15 passes defended as a senior and winning a state title in the long jump and finishing second in the 100- and 200-meter dashes. 	Has prototypical height for an outside corner. Matches up well with tall receivers with his length, can use those long arms to press off the line, maintain contact down the sideline, and knock away passes in front of his man without interfering. Also wraps his long arms around receivers quickly after the catch to drag them down. Possesses enough short-area foot quickness to stay with receivers on inside and outside routes when playing on the line. Succeeds in playing the ball and making tackles in trail coverage. Good hip flexibility for his size, can turn-and-run with most receivers when in balance. Flashes excellent ball skills, can extend from his frame to bring in poor throws for the interception whether in man or zone.
								Lean build, must prove he can handle the physicality of NFL receivers in coverage and against the run. Needs to prove he has recovery and straight-line speed to be a reliable starter. Height can be a disadvantage against quicker receivers, gets high and leans back in his pedal at times, allowing his man to get separation at the top of their route. Gives too much cushion on occasion when playing off. Fails to break down on his tackles, will need to crank up the intensity to bring down NFL receivers up top. Gets overly physical downfield at times, especially when behind a step, drawing penalty flags. 
							
2013	Trevardo Williams	2539671	DE	Connecticut	Williams? home country, Jamaica, has become a power in the track and field arena over the past few years, so it?s no surprise that he channeled his inner Usain Bolt when finishing second in the Class LL 100-meter dash at the Connecticut high school track meet three years straight. But it was really Williams? first-team all-state accomplishments on the football field (he had 16 sacks as a senior) that drew the attention of college recruiters. That combination of playing acumen and speed is now getting the attention of NFL scouts, especially those working for teams primarily utilizing three-man fronts and looking for strong rush linebackers.	Pass rusher who lines up with his hand down and from a stand-up position, also starts on both sides of the line and inside to take advantage of slower guards. Secure tackler, brings force to his stops against unsuspecting quarterbacks on blind side hits. Times up the snap well, especially if teams aren?t changing up the count. Has the get-off necessary to attack from a wide-nine position and the flexibility to turn the corner in a hurry. Closes well against pocket passers trying to scramble, goes for the strip on contact using solid upper-body strength and tenacious attitude. Uses foot quickness to jump inside on counter move to take advantage of leaning blockers, also fast enough to jump on quarterbacks trying to step up in the pocket. Gets his hands up to knock down passes or impede the quarterback?s vision. Stands his ground on the edge against linemen against the run, gets his hands into their chests quickly (with some pop) to play with leverage.
								Undersized for a 4-3 defensive end at his current weight, can be engulfed by better tackles, or even tight ends. Needs to develop more power in the legs. Not violent off  of contact, will be stop in his tracks if initial move fails. Does not look fluid back pedalling when asked to drop into coverage, is not practiced in man against running backs and tight ends for a move to linebacker. Constantly taken to the ground and unable to recover from cut blocks. Needs a variety of pass rush moves to beat NFL linemen.
							
2013	Jamarkus McFarland	2539672	DT	Oklahoma	Oklahoma scored a recruiting coup when signing McFarland, considered one of the top defensive tackles in the country, from underneath Texas schools in 2008. But he has not produced as expected, partially because of the constant rotation of players on the Sooners? talented front line. If he can fully utilize his natural strength and athleticism as well as his intelligence (he was a Texas Academic all-state pick, and Academic All-Big 12 pick in 2010, 2011, and 2012) McFarland may be able to find himself a home as a rotational three-technique. 	Tough, quick interior defender. Can win his gap with quickness off the snap, puts a blocker on his shoulder and churns into the backfield. Flashes the ability to win off the snap. Possesses the agility to move down the line while engaged, as well as change directions with quarterbacks in the backfield. Solid backfield awareness, usually finds the ball and works towards it. Recovers from cut blocks well enough to jump into plays a couple of yards downfield. Works hard on every play.
								Doesn?t have the tallest or stoutest frame for an interior player. Gets pushed off the line by stronger guard-center combinations. When in a heads alignment, will get blown back by single blocks. Lacks explosive closing speed and chase ability to attack the backfield once stopped or make plays outside the box. Does not use his hands well. Leans into blocks, lacks balance. Has a tough time disengaging.
							
2013	Sam Brenner	2539673	OG	Utah	Every mother, father, coach, teammate and fan dreads seeing a player lying still on the field at the conclusion of a play. Brenner spent nearly 15 minutes on the ground, motionless with a neck injury, during the third quarter of the 2011 season-ending home game against Colorado; to the relief of all of those watching, he showed enough movement while being loaded into an ambulance to take paralysis out of the equation. Thankfully, there was no major damage, and his already well-known toughness allowed him to suit up for the team?s Sun Bowl win over Georgia Tech five weeks later.	Tough-nosed player who blends good athleticism with an overall strong build to be an effective interior lineman. Effective on zone plays because of his foot quickness and strength, stays engaged down the line on reach blocks. Mirrors against quicker players in pass protection, also has a strong anchor to widen and stop rushers cold. Solid mobility to pull in front of run plays or reach second-level targets whether uncovered or coming off a down-block. Versatile enough to slide to tackle without a drop-off in play. Has fair lateral movement when at tackle, punches and stays with edge rushers around the pocket and can push them around off the ball in the run game. Smart player who communicates with linemates on blitz pick-ups.
								Lacks the length most scouts like to see at the position, gets pushed back on occasion, both on the move and in pass protection, when failing to get his hands inside and playing with a higher pad level. Inconsistent agility and ability to sustain against linebackers in space, will overextend and whiff, gets out-quicked and slips off blocks. Lacks great recovery speed to cut off inside rushes when at tackle. 
							
2013	Rodney Smith	2539674	WR	Florida St.	There?s no doubting Smith cuts an imposing figure, with his 6-foot-6, 219-pound frame dwarfing most college cornerbacks at the line of scrimmage or downfield. But scouts have seen players like this before at Florida State, most notably Greg Carr, who has made an impact in the Canadian Football League after failing to stick on an NFL roster after going undrafted in 2009. Smith has superior quickness, strength, and hands to Carr, however.	Tall vertical threat who is a surprisingly smooth runner in his routes. Displays excellent agility for his size. Can challenges defenses vertically from the slot or down the sideline. Good concentration to use his height and vertical on jump balls, also to track passes over his shoulder down the sideline. Uses his length, quickness, and attitude to attack blocking targets in the run game and clear the way for fellow receivers downfield.
								Relatively lean, and must prove he can fight veteran pro corners during the route and in jump ball situations. Height gives corners a big target to hit in press situations. Must show he can sink his hips to run tight routes and separate downfield. Does not get many opportunities to catch passes in Florida State?s offense, will need to show strong hands when regularly targeted. Adjusting to low throws might be an issue at his height.
							
2013	Ziggy Ansah	2539931	DE	BYU	When examining the kind of NFL talent BYU has produced in recent years, athleticism and potential are not buzzwords often associated with the Cougars? prospects. In fact, head coach Bronco Mendenhall and his staff would likely admit they stumbled into landing one of the senior classes top upside prospects in defensive end Ezekiel ?Ziggy? Ansah (pronounced Ahn-saw). A native of Accra, Ghana, Ansah tried out for the basketball team in 2008 and 2009. After failing both times, he joined the track team but left at the end of the 2009 season and joined the football program in 2010 despite warnings from Mendenhall and his staff. The then-sophomore conceded to being worried of how much contact occurred in a football game and noted he always considered his body ?a delicate flower.?	Combination of size, length, and foot speed is nearly unparalleled. Delivers solid first contact that jolts opponent back. Continues to press and locate ball carriers in the backfield. Consistently sheds at the line of scrimmage, envelopes his target with a strong grasp and outstanding closing burst. Flashes the complete package, specifically when rushing from the edge on passing downs. When lining up inside a natural anchor shows up, helped by low pad level off the snap. Burst off of extension is counter move, gains significant ground on target. Obvious coaching on technique is absorbed and implemented.
								Has admitted to a lack of stamina. Fatigue is noticeable after a few plays of rushing the passer. In those circumstances, does not chase the play down from the backside, instead staying at the line of scrimmage to knock down the pass. Technique is not always there, specifically on the edge against the run. Frequently gives up the wrong arm or shoulder to blockers, takes himself out of the play. Hand fights at the line against the run rather than driving or penetrating to disrupt. A hit or miss player on the field but consistency is growing.
							
2013	Jamar Taylor	2539932	CB	Boise St.	Boise State?s offense most often grabbed headlines over the past decade, and rightfully so with Kellen Moore and others putting up big numbers during the program?s rise to prominence. But the Broncos had four defenders drafted in 2012, including defensive end Shea McClellin, who went to the Bears in the first-round. Five BSU defensive backs have been drafted in the last seven years, as well; and Taylor looks to have the physicality and athleticism to be the next one hearing his name called in Radio City Music Hall.	Not afraid to get physical with receivers, often redirects their routes with strong hands. Very good straight-line speed. Works well in press-bail coverage. Fluid hips, smooth in turns and out of the back pedal. Shows the athletic ability to make plays on the football in contested situations. Will stick his nose in the run game when he is able to set the edge.
								Recovery speed is questionable. Poor technique in press coverage. Gives up too much ground on outside breaking routes. Can be fooled by play action, jumps up to allow free receivers behind him. Must bring in more difficult interceptions where he needs to uses his hands away from his frame. Inconsistent tackler in space, can break down to wrap legs but also gives weak cut efforts.
							
2013	Kyle Long	2539933	OG	Oregon	Long looked to be on the road to professional success as a two-sport high school star in Charlottesville, Va. The son of Pro Football Hall of Fame defensive end Howie Long (84 sacks in 13 seasons) and brother of Chris Long, the former No. 2 overall pick of the St. Louis Rams in 2008, had the freakish size and athleticism to excel as an all-state baseball pitcher and first baseman, as well as an offensive and defensive lineman for back-to-back state champions at St. Anne?s-Belfield High School. 	Looks the part of an NFL lineman. Has nice height and long, thick arms, which he can extend to keep defenders at bay in pass protection (sometimes using one hand to ward off his man while on the move). Can turn smaller tackles out of the hole with his upper body strength. Decent leg strength and very good flexibility for his height, as well, which helps him drop his hips and anchor and explode from his stance. Excellent mobility given his size, has no issues moving behind the line or pulling in front of plays -- hitting multiple targets at times. Solid on combo blocks when maintaining his bend, and also displays the footwork to get the outside angle on run blocks, move well on zone plays, and also sustain while his man is trying to spin out of pass pro blocks. Plays with attitude, backs up his teammates on the field, cleans up piles.
								Still new to the game of football, and his play is still a bit unrefined. Doesn?t always play with the natural bend he possesses. Overextends off the snap at times trying to land his punch, losing his balance and allowing his man to disengage. Similarly, will lunge at linebackers when he reaches the second level. Struggles to keep his hands inside of the defender, and will ?catch? his assignment. Seems to second guess himself in space or get partial, glancing blows when blocking on the move instead of driving his man to the ground. Rocky start to his college career at Florida State.
							
2013	Tourek Williams	2539934	DE	Florida International	Williams has proven himself to be a quick learner on the football field. He didn?t start playing until his freshman year of high school, and then switched from offensive tackle and tight end to defensive end halfway through his senior campaign, even as a lean 228-pounder?playing well enough to earn looks from up-and-coming programs like FIU.  His natural athleticism has remained as he?s gained 40 pounds in college.	Takes upfield angle with a strong burst. Eats up ground in a hurry, and closes quickly on the ball carrier. Loves to take the inside lane while pass rushing, evades blocker with a lateral move and closes on the quarterback in just two steps. Showcases a variety of pass rushing moves. Sets up his blockers well. Is occasionally asked to drop into coverage. Moves very well laterally, beats the running back to the edge on an option run. Big plays come from speed around the edge or splitting B gap with quick move. Shows the potential to hold the edge well against the run, outside arm free while strafing the line of scrimmage to force back inside. Has a solid motor and comes to hit.
								Short arms. Unable to lock his arms out and create space between himself and the blocker. Not a very strong punch, not overly violent with his hands. Does not deal with cut blocks well, no use of hands on low blocks, loses footing and goes to the ground with forward momentum. Plays with an open target due to high pad level. Doesn't have great snap awareness, or a great first step. Movements are not fluid on ambiguous downs, appears indecisive. Plays too tight and small when left unblocked on the edge. Not strong or technical enough to be a reliable run defender. Pursues well down the line, but noticably loses speed when asked to chase longer. Gets lost in zone coverage, struggles to turn and find receivers.
							
2013	Kiko Alonso	2539935	ILB	Oregon	Alonso led his Los Gatos (Calif.) high school team in tackles (150) and receiving (35-559, seven touchdowns) as a senior, joining the gaggle of Golden State recruits trekking to Eugene each year. Alonso redshirted in 2008, then played in the team?s final 12 games the following year as a back-up linebacker and special teams ace (16 total tackles). Upon his return from the suspensions, he started five of 12 games played in 2011, making 46 tackles, six for losses. 	Versatile inside linebacker with potential to play either middle linebacker (in a 4-3 or 3-4 base defense) or outside linebacker (in a 4-3). Attacks that blocker with the correct shoulder, and powerful hands. Moves forward quickly. Times his blitzes well. Fast enough to keep up with running backs on quick swings in the flats. Shows good awareness when asked to drop into a variety of different coverage situations. High effort player who has a motor that is constantly running. Flashes quick penetrating ability at the goal line, stays tight to the A gap and wraps up. Attacks with intensity.
								Likely limited to solely an A-gap blitzer due to a lack of bend and ability to change angles. Runs into the back of defensive linemen when closing the line of scrimmage quickly rather than splitting a gap or lane. Impact to jar blockers on first contact at the second level is lacking. A bit tentative between the tackles, especially against a lead blocker. Misdirection trips him up due to lack of quick twitch change of direction. Loses sight of quarterback in coverage, turns to look at the receiver. Takes himself out of plays with wasted movement, often guessing on where the ball is going.
							
2013	Dennis Johnson	2539936	RB	Arkansas	Johnson?s had a difficult time gaining publicity from college football fans outside of Fayetteville because of the star power of fellow running back Knile Davis and quarterback Tyler Wilson. However, after Davis missed the 2011 season with a broken ankle, Johnson took on lead ball carrier duties and shined. Even when Davis returned in 2012, Johnson slowly increased his amount of touches per game until he was eventually named the starter once again. When given the chance to prove himself as a runner and receiver, he?s generally excelled using the same strength of his compact build and surprising burst that helped him score three times on kickoff returns during his career. He may be a fringe top-100 pick, but Johnson has all the traits to impact third downs as a receiver and a blocker early in his career.	Low center of gravity back with thick upper body and tree trunks for legs. Possesses vision and quick feet to elude defenders on top of him near the line, slalom through creases inside, and set up defenders with a juke ten yards away. Will lower pads for contact and keep his feet churning, capable of trucking tackles going low. Short, choppy steps really help when breaking tackles. Switches the ball to his outside hand in the open field. Solid receiver out of the backfield, has flexibility to turn for throws and soft hands to snatch high passes. Able to run through poor tackle attempts by defensive backs after the catch. Decisive runner on kickoff returns, uses foot quickness to explode through lanes. Shows hustle and feistiness when blocking or going after fumbles on the ground. Willing to stand up and sustain to defensive backs and smaller linebackers in pass pro.
								Doesn?t have elite long speed, but is difficult to catch once in the open field. Shake-and-bake often fails to elude better tacklers in the open field. Tries to stiff-arm off tackles too often, leaving ball exposed. Rounds off cuts, but is capable of stick-and-go. Will stand up in the hole at time, giving defenders a big target despite his stature. Hasn?t consistently held his ground against larger blitzers or defensive ends. Major ball security issues with 14 lost fumbles during his career.
							
2013	Shamarko Thomas	2539937	SS	Syracuse	Losing one parent too early is a devastating event; losing both, then taking the lead in the household as the oldest of six children forces one to grow up in a hurry. Thomas lived through this unfortunate circumstance before the 2010 season, losing his mother to a heart condition and his father to a motorcycle accident within nine months. He considered leaving school for the NFL after his junior year to help provide for his family, but his patience -? along with his speed, athleticism, and bone-jarring tackles ?- might pay off in a higher draft slot in the 2013 draft.	Tough safety with a linebacker?s mentality and good thickness throughout his frame. Used around the line throughout his career, but also possesses the closing speed to make plays from a two-deep look. Attacks run plays when his recognition skills tell him to come downhill, makes jarring stops by flowing through traffic and lining up his target. Will finish tackles when at his best, wrapping with authority and even throwing running backs of similar size to the ground. Mixes it up in the box despite his size, won?t back down from lineman blocks and will extend his arm to keep them at bay. Effective blitzer off the edge using his speed and change of direction ability to make plays. Speedy and athletic enough to stay with slot receivers down the seam, can show blitz off-tackle and get back to handle slot coverage responsibility. Covers a lot of ground in the secondary when deep, can change directions effectively to get angles to prevent explosive plays. Strong enough to win 50/50 scenarios with receivers in coverage. Leader and communicator in the secondary. Aggressiveness and speed should make him an outstanding special teams coverage player early in his career.
								Lacks ideal height for a defensive back, though his arm length appears to be more than adequate. Has been a safety/linebacker hybrid through most his career. Leaves his feet on some tackles trying to make the big hit or swipe down defenders instead of taking them on. Gets jumpy and needs to use his hands more effectively when pressing in the slot, can be head-faked at the line to give up inside leverage ? though he has recovery speed, length, and toughness to stay in the play. Must prove he possesses the hands to play the ball in the air and to make more difficult interceptions. Lack of height makes him a potential liability in downfield coverage against NFL receivers and tight ends.
							
2013	Lavar Edwards	2539938	DE	LSU	It?s easy for some solid NFL prospects to be overlooked on LSU?s front four because of the ridiculous talent surrounding them and the team?s constant rotation on the line. Edwards would have been a regular starter for the past three years for most college programs because of his size, strength and agility, but depth has kept him on the sidelines more often than not. He might have to come off the bench in the NFL, as well, but has the tools to be a regular contributor as a 4-3 swing end.	Tall, long defensive end who plays both sides of the line. Third in rotation but gets plenty of snaps at either side and even on the interior on passing downs. More often than not, finds first contact through hands to chest and extended arms. Not locked into edge rushing, can use extension to press the pocket while engaged. Great motor, chases the quarterback to the sideline and turns to find the ball carrier on completed passes behind him. Sheds hands quickly when asked to spy and has the lateral speed to keep up with the running back in the flat. Very disciplined as a run defender and in playing the read option.
								First punch does not jolt and the placement can get too wide. Allows blocker to absorb and redirect rather than continuing and finishing the backwards momentum. The counter to finish the penetration is lacking. Don?t see the consistent shed to release, seems content to rush while engaged. Gets the push but not the shed and finish. No full-time starting experience.
							
2013	Anthony McCloud	2539939	DT	Florida St.	McCloud won?t make headlines with his pass rush, and is often overshadowed by linemates like pass-rushing defensive ends Brandon Jenkins and Bjoern Werner, and Cornellius Carradine as well as fellow tackle Everett Dawkins.  But his stout presence in the middle of the line has not escaped the notice of NFL scouts.	Squat widebody who sees snaps at three technique and nose tackle. Strong upper body. Does well to recognize screens after free releases and peels back to chase down with effectiveness. Flashes getting the leverage advantage. If initial push does for opponent to move backwards, that momentum can be sustained. Consistently tries to get backfield vision, moves side to side. 
								Waits and absorbs on first contact. Initial step is not powerful. Anchor is entirely upper body strength, lacks the base to absorb and redirect. Burst off the snap is almost nonexistent. Lower body looks thin while upper body looks sloppy. Waist bender at the line of scrimmage. Hand use is too close to chest, fails to press. Struggles to work over top of blocks. Known to go down if leverage is lost while moving laterally. Very little short area quickness, base gets too skinny when forced to move. 
							
2013	John Boyett	2539940	SS	Oregon	Some football players are measured more by their intensity than their height; Boyett certainly fits in that category. Though he won?t hit the 5-foot-11 mark on the measuring tape at the Combine, he?s had no problems making plays on the ball as a three-year starter at free safety and opposing receivers and running backs will tell you his hits come as hard as those from any prototypically-sized defensive back. Having his senior season end after just one game because he had surgery on both knees (partial tears in both patella tendons that had bothered him for the entire 2011 season) will be another knock against Boyett ? but don?t count him out.	Usually plays single high safety, last line of defense and deepest player in coverage in spite of below-average height for the position. Adequate range on downfield throws, takes aggressive angles and really attacks the catch point. Not afraid in the least to lay out to cause a deflection or make the interception. Can change his angle to adjust to the pass or receiver. Very aware of the likely target on many passes, shuffles to that side. Plays with an attitude. Watches eyes of quarterback and can comprehend what is going on in the backfield. Stays in position and closes early on only route for reverse pass. When playing in the box, makes sure to stick nose in the action. Uses hands to fight cut blocks on screen passes. Even against quick moves in space he grabs a leg and holds onto it.
								Will not meet the defensive back height minimums used by some NFL teams. Closing speed when flipping hips, turning and running is only adequate, not going to gain a bunch of ground in the aspect. Does not have the speed to reach vertical route on the end receiver on trips side. Gives too much cushion on slot receiver when aligned in man coverage, makes sure not to give up big play but allows outside breaking route. Sometimes too aggressive, not afraid to hit a defenseless receiver. 
							
2013	DeVonte Holloman	2539941	OLB	South Carolina	Holloman made the transition from strong safety to ?Spur," a hybrid safety/linebacker position, for his senior year after it was held by Antonio Allen (who was drafted by the New York Jets in the seventh round last April) the past three seasons. His growing frame, agility in coverage, and hard-hitting attitude made him a natural fit for this position.	Versatile defender with  a strong overall build. Plays over the tight end, in the slot, in the stack. Long, thick arms make him a secure tackler once latching on, brings pop to his stops whether in the open field or backfield. Moves well laterally. Takes on blocks in the open field extremely well. Locks out arms, and anchors in. Showcases violent hands in ripping off blocks. Stands his ground, or lowers a shoulder against pulling guards and tight end blocks on the edge, providing containment. Offers strength and speed as a blitzer. Former safety shows some agility to stay with tight ends and some receivers off the line. Shows some hustle across the field and chasing plays from behind. Take advantage of poor throws to secure interceptions with his hands, looking the ball in even if it?s away from his frame.
								Average fluidity and flexibility, often lunges for tackles. Will need to prove straight-line speed, seems to lack the ability to recover or track down faster ballcarriers from behind. Could be more physical knocking receivers off their routes off the line, and has the strength to do so.
							
2013	Uzoma Nwachukwu	2539942	WR	Texas A&M	Nwachukwu?s name (pronounced WATCH-ah-coo, first name ooh-ZOME-uh) is Nigerian, with his given name meaning ?the road is good? and his surname ?child of God.?  These translations make sense, because defenders will often ask for help from above when trying to stop him from hitting the good road to the end zone after the catch. Even though his hands are not elite, his speed and elusiveness with the ball make him an underrated mid-round slot receiver and returner prospect worth watching.	Versatile receiver who wins outside and inside with pure speed, strength and short-area quickness. Wins off the line when unchallenged, will be a bear to stop in the three-step game. Has stop-start ability to elude defenders in the open field. Flashes the hands to grab passes over his head and the flexibility to reach behind or get low to rein in those passes. Uses his hands to get through his man to win inside position. Hurdles would-be tacklers but also works through tackles on the outside, fights in a pile for the extra yard. Takes on his corner as a run blocker and sustains long enough for ballcarriers to get past. His quickness and elusiveness with the ball in his hands make him an intriguing kick return prospect.
								Average height for an outside receiver. Hands consistency is a concern, not always reliable to bring in the easy catch before trying to run. Must prove physicality against veteran cornerbacks in press and show the vertical and strength to win 50/50 balls over the middle and downfield. Does not have experience as a return man. Has always played a complementary role in college.
							
2013	D.J. Swearinger	2539943	SS	South Carolina	Captain of the South Carolina defense and a four year starter, few college safeties hit as hard as Swearinger. Even though he played offense and defense in high school, there was never any doubt about where he fit at the college level ? though there was some doubt about where he was going to play. Swearinger originally committed to Tennessee, but the resignation of then-head coach Phillip Fulmer caused a switch to South Carolina, where Steve Spurrier was more than happy to see him. An enforcer in the middle of the field, Swearinger is an incredibly productive and physical defender who has played every position in the secondary for South Carolina.	High-motor, downhill run and pass defender who throws his body around, but with some control. Big hitter over the middle on receivers and pounding running backs, especially in tight quarters and as a backside pursuit defender. Good lateral movement to flow with runs from the back half, yet fly into the hole to prevent big runs. Feisty in-the-box defender who out-quicks or swims over lead blocks and fights through the whistle. Has experience at a variety of positions, and lines up against receivers regularly, using his physicality, agility, and knowledge of routes to stay with them across or down the field. Has the range to split the field in half in two-deep coverage. Effective blitzer off the edge, brings force into fullback blocks and quarterback hits. Competes for the ball while the receiver is making the catch, as he does in every other part of his game. Makes the easy interception on poor throws, but also snatches and dives for tougher picks.
								Average height for the position, though he has good thickness in his lower body. Best in a two-deep look, might not have the range to make plays and length to take on deep routes in single-high, although South Carolina often asks him to fulfill this role. More of an enforcer against receivers than backs. Prone to leaving his feet and goes low on tackles (especially in space), pro backs might avoid them more easily in the open field. NFL quarterbacks might take advantage of his aggressive nature, as he will jump underneath routes. Gets overly physical with receivers, sometimes crossing the pass interference line because he lacks the pure speed to keep up. Straddles the line with trash talk and hits through the whistle. Will likely get flagged and fined for overly-aggressive play.
							
2013	Montori Hughes	2539944	DT	Tennessee-Martin	Hughes? collegiate journey has not been ideal, in terms of the maturity and consistency NFL scouts look for in top-tier prospects. Academic issues forced him to go to Hargrave Military Academy for a semester after high school graduation instead of beginning his career with the Tennessee Volunteers. He was suspended for the 2010 regular season finale, as well as from team activities during the following offseason, for violating team academic rules while at Tennessee, and eventually was dismissed from the school after playing a part in a dorm incident in May 2011. Hughes has shown off his agility and strength inside during his time at Tennessee-Martin, however, enticing scouts enough to consider him at least a valuable rotational NFL player.	NFL-sized nose tackle with thick upper body and strength through the thighs. Flashes initial quickness off the ball, can drive the center backwards or lift him off the ground post-snap when fully utilizing his strength and explosiveness. Does not give much ground against single or double blocks. Shows the agility to spin off blocks and move to the ball down the line. Provides pressure up the middle with a swim move or quick movement into either A-gap. Quick enough to chase quarterbacks trying to leave the pocket if free from his block, can also force cut backs by ballcarriers by his effort to the ball in the backfield. Works hard to hold the line using his lower body strength, and can split doubles to get to the ball in tight quarters. Flashes violent hands to rip off man-up blocks.
								Needs to use his hands more consistently to control his man and gain leverage. Can struggle to disengage to make plays. Will anticipate the snap at times, jumping offside or getting off-balance so centers can control him. Lacks closing speed and the ability to break down to make many plays outside the box against elusive ballcarriers. Takes time to recover once on the ground. Played against a lower level of competition after being dismissed from Tennessee, was far from dominant in terms of his strength against better FCS players. Work ethic and stamina has been questioned.
							
2013	Tyrone Goard	2539945	WR	Eastern Kentucky	Every year a handful of small-school receivers earn spots on NFL scouts? radars because of their size and production -? and Goard has plenty of both. His tall, long frame helped him capture 39 passes for 627 yards and 11 touchdowns, as well as second-team All-Ohio Valley Conference honors, in his first year as a full-time starter in 2011. This followed a solid sophomore campaign where he earned six starts in 11 games (20-315, five TD), and two years after a redshirt freshman season in which he played just three games with no receptions. Goard played in 10 games as a senior, and he caught 41 passes for 900 yards and eight touchdowns.	Good length and long arms. Room to comfortably add more weight. Gets off the line well when not pressed, and uses his long strides to fly past smaller cornerbacks playing off, giving up big plays despite the cushion. Shows good foot quickness for his size on various routes, can separate from his defender if given room and displays some elusiveness with the ball in his hands. Also presents the flexibility to avoid defenders in his route. Tough red zone and sideline match-up, capable of high-pointing passes and using his large hands to snatch wide or long passes out of the air -- sometimes with one hand.
								Lean-bodied receiver, especially in the lower body. Concentration level and hands are a question mark, can struggle finding the ball coming over his shoulder, mistime his jumps when high-pointing the ball, and is inconsistent bringing in tougher catches when challenged. Physicality and toughness will also be questioned, does not always play as strong as his size indicates downfield and might struggle with strong veteran pro cornerbacks. Not practiced beating defenders using his hands at the top of the route. Hestitates as a run-blocker, should be dominating FCS defenders with his size and length. 
							
2013	Dwayne Gratz	2539946	CB	Connecticut	Even though Connecticut?s 2011 Orange Bowl, 48-20, blowout loss to Oklahoma was not particularly fine moment for the Huskies -? or Big East Conference football -? Gratz actually matched his team?s offensive point total (six, as the other touchdown came on a kickoff return) by intercepting Sooners quarterback Landry Jones and returning the ball 46 yards to the end zone. Making that sort of play as a sophomore, and building on it over the next two years, has allowed scouts to project him as mid to late round pick.	Combines NFL height and overall strength. Stays low in his stance and when opening up in bail coverage. Good closing ability, quick to attack short passes to knock them away or make the tough tackle. Aggressive hitter, can put his helmet on the ball or cut down ballcarriers equally well near the line or in space. Used as a blitzer regularly and is fast to close off cutback lanes on run plays when uncovered. Quick hands and feet to consistently beat receiver blocks. Capable of making the interception with his hands or body on poor throws, fair ball skills to grab low or high passes.
								Aggressiveness can be used against him, keeps his eyes in the backfield a long time, allowing his man to get deep and he lacks pure recovery speed to catch up. Struggles to track the football. Drops his head and goes down to the ground too early on some tackle attempts. Backpedal can be slow and choppy. Looks to be stiff in the hips.
							
2013	Khalid Wooten	2539947	CB	Nevada	Wooten redshirted his first year on campus after excelling as a two-way threat in high school (he was the league MVP as a dual-purpose quarterback and safety in his senior year). He only started once during the course of his freshman and sophomore years, but still intercepted two passes each season while totaling 31 tackles. He finally took full advantage of his opportunity to play in 2011, making 73 stops, picking off four passes, breaking up five others and forcing three fumbles.	Solid overall physical package for an outside corner, possessing adequate height and good strength and length to handle large receivers. Flashes the strength and quick hands to press, also smart enough to get a hit before five yards even if not pressing. Hips are fluid enough for smooth transition. Physical tackler, has upper-body strength to wrap and throw down ballcarriers whether tracking down running backs in space or going through receivers after the catch. Solid hands as a punt returner, shows some agility to make the first man miss. Also has strong hands for the interception, snatching passes from the air like a receiver, and is able to switch field position after the catch.
								Straight-line and recovery speed are average for the position, though he typically gets back into plays if beaten unless facing pro-caliber receivers/quarterbacks. Must be more consistent reading the receiver to get his head turned around; when he does turn, he can?t stop his feet or the receiver will separate. 
							
2013	Brent Russell	2539948	DT	Georgia Southern	Considering all of the accolades Russell gained during his time at GSU and the fact he?s started every game the past three seasons, it?s hard to believe it started off with a road-bump. Coaches put up with the starting group as a true freshman, and lined up him against SEC foe Georgia in the opener. He suffered a knee injury in that game after assisting on one tackle, however, and redshirted the season. Russell came back from that malady with a vengeance, however, using his competitiveness and agility to become one of the top defenders at the FCS level ? and a legitimate NFL prospect ? despite lacking superb physical attributes.	High-motor defensive tackle who sets up anywhere between the two three-technique spots. Has good initial quickness from his stance and uses his hands to swipe by centers off the snap, but also makes many hustle plays by constantly moving to the ball in the backfield. Very good as a two-gap player, playing with leverage, keeping eyes in the backfield and shedding with strong hands. Stacks up backs on contact, drops hips and stone them in the hole, keeps feet moving to push them backwards after contact. Also stays with stretch plays down the line and has some agility and want-to to stick with a quarterback or running back attempting to run away from him. Willing to chase plays downfield with pure hustle. So used to cut blocks that he can defeat them with his hands and work to the ball. Has a twin brother and five-year old son named Nolan. 
								Shorter interior lineman with only average length and girth. Can be moved in the upper body by better blockers. Doesn?t back down from double-teams but won?t split them, either. Lacks elite athleticism and straight-line speed to track down quicker ballcarriers. Gets up quickly once on the ground, but lacks a burst to reach the ball once it?s out of the immediate area. 
							
2013	Conner Vernon	2539949	WR	Duke	Vernon?s lineage portended he would be a successful kicker in the SEC, not a wide receiver. His cousin, Al Del Greco, and uncle, Jorge Portela, both booted the ball for Auburn, and Del Greco went on to kick in the NFL for 18 years (347 field goals made, 77.3 percent) with the Green Bay Packers, St. Louis/Phoenix Cardinals, and Houston Oilers/Tennessee Titans franchises. Duke coaches and NFL scouts are both glad Vernon has stuck as a pass-catcher, however, as his strong hands and tight routes have made him one of the most reliable targets in this draft class.	Outside receiver in most sets, has enough size to play that role at the next level and the quickness to line up inside as well. Difficult to bring down on first contact, especially on a  bubble screen. Is not afraid of going up to get a high target, even with a defender closing. Contorts body on underthrown vertical routes, slows stride and high points the pass in front of an awaiting defensive back. Can adequately eat up cushion. Understands how to run routes and get open. As a punt returner, takes the straight-line approach. Tracks vertical throws well, even when bracketed by defenders. Also understands when to take a chance after the catch and when to pick up the given yardage.
								Lacks speed or great quickness. Won?t chase down a defender to block them, chooses to run them off instead. When blocking contact is made, it is usually with a shoulder and very ineffective. Has difficulties getting a free release from a jam, route is held up in the first three steps. Occasionally miss times jumps when high pointing, leaving too early. Cuts lack burst. Does not change speeds, more of a glider. Creates separation with the route not the explosion in cuts.
							
2013	Jake Knott	2539950	OLB	Iowa St.	In his senior year of high school, Knott was the ninth-ranked prospect in Iowa. He was named to the elite all-state team and was Class 4A first-team all-state by The Des Moines Register after recording 99 tackles with seven tackles for loss, three sacks and two interceptions. He also played receiver on offense, catching 37 passes for 844 yards and five touchdowns. In addition to football, Knott also lettered in baseball as well as in track and field.  Knott was offered baseball scholarships by Iowa and Northern Iowa, but ultimately chose football. 	Hard-working outside ?backer who covers a lot of ground and is willing to stick his nose into run plays. Flashes speed to reach the sideline in coverage, also the change of direction to attack quick throws after dropping into his zone. Secure tackler, can break down to stop momentum and has enough quickness and upper-body strength to grab ballcarriers on the fly. Willing to eat fullback blocks in the hole to free up other defenders, uses his strength to work through blocks to the ballcarrier. Should be an excellent special teamer with his intelligence, aggressiveness and agilty.
								Needs to get his hands up to take advantage of his strength to shed blocks consistently, can be moved out of plays by stronger receivers and tight ends in the run game. Not necessarily a hammer as a tackler, ballcarriers can slip out to get extra yardage. Hasn?t been used as a pass rusher very often, lacks great closing speed but could be a factor around the line with his quickness and tackling ability.
							
2013	Robbie Rouse	2539951	RB	Fresno St.	Rouse?s lack of size has always been seen as a limitation, but doubt him at your own peril. He and his mother survived without his father, who has been in prison for kidnapping and robbery since Rouse was very young, so he doesn?t see getting hit by bigger defenders as a major problem. He played every game behind eventual first-round pick Ryan Mathews as a true freshman (82-479, four TDs), and then took over as the starter in 2010 (205-1,129, eight TDs rushing; 15-131, two TDs receiving) as a sophomore, missing two games with injuries. Rouse started all 13 games in 2011, carrying the ball a school-record 329 times for 1,549 yards (raining seventh in the FBS) and 13 scores. He also saw a lot of action as a receiver (32-228, one TD). In 2012, as a senior, he carried the ball 282 times for 1,490 yards and 12 touchdowns. As a receiver, he contributed 63 catches for 435 yards and two touchdowns.	A very active runner in terms of exaggerated head and shoulder movement. Despite size, not afraid in the least to cut back inside, even if no real lane is open, just to pick up the yards available. Keeps shoulders square to the line of scrimmage and places a hand on the back of lead blocker. Rarely complacent to just sit behind the line, wants to find an alley, and works well to find small creases in the line. Consistently makes the first man miss in space, and oftentimes the second as well. Shoulders lean over toes when expecting contact or working through the hole. Frame might suggest otherwise, but very good at picking up the necessary two or three yards after finding a sliver of space. Light feet and good balance. Sees time as a slot receiver, specifically to get swings in the flats but also on wheel routes along the sideline. Runs routes smoothly. Has the skills to contort body on back shoulder throws. Excellent with screens, displays patience with downfield blocks. Finds free space with cut back lanes. Does not shy from contact.
								Even with his tough running, his small stature makes it unlikely he can be more than a change of pace back at the next level. Lacks consistency in pass protection due to diving at feet for cut blocks. Gets re-routed by pressing linebackers in the slot on crossing routes. Not as explosive a runner as one might expect.
							
2013	Chad Bumphis	2539952	WR	Mississippi St.	Mississippi State has not been known as a hotbed for NFL wide receiver talent. In fact, the last Bulldog receiver to be drafted was Buffalo?s 1996 first round pick, Eric Moulds. Bumphis? career didn?t really take off as it was expected after a fine freshman year, but there?s still a strong chance he?ll be the next State receiver to hear his name called in Radio City Music Hall due to his ability to move the ball from the slot and contribute in the return game.	Quicker-than-fast slot receiver with a more solid overall build than most inside threats. Flashes strong hands in traffic, can snatch the ball away from his body on high, low or wide passes. Presents elusiveness after the catch, takes hitch routes inside against leaning defenders to gain extra yardage. Foot quickness allows him to freeze slot defenders, cut inside or out to create separation, and challenge corners off the line with some explosiveness when not pressed. Displays toughness as a run blocker, has the strength to lock onto slot corners and generally gets the blocking angle to create a lane. Lack of consistency in the team?s quarterback play hurt his production.
								Shorter receiver limited to the inside at the next level.  Doesn?t always play as physically as his build represents, will struggle against press coverage unless he uses his hands more effectively. Lacks elite speed to get the edge on reverses or breakaway once out-quicking his opponent after the catch. Slows down before his cuts at times, allowing defenders to jump the route. Has the occasional drop when losing concentration or trying to run before the catch. Has elusiveness and tough running style to be a punt or kick returner, but must prove the speed and decisiveness to be effective in that role. Resorts to cut blocks outside on screens when he could stand up to the defender.
							
2013	Taimi Tutogi	2539953	FB	Arizona	Tutogi is a versatile performer who lined up at tailback, fullback, H-back, and tight end on offense ? while also getting work at defensive end when the defense needs to get to the quarterback. His coaches at Chula Vista High School in California could have told you he?d meet that need, as he was his conference?s offensive player of the year while also racking up 11 sacks as a senior end.	Thick but very athletic fullback with the overall skill set to contribute in multiple ways in the NFL. Very good at targeting the opposition?s inside shoulder, forcing the defender to side step away or be sealed off from the running lane. Patient in pass protection, does not lunge. Consistently delivers solid first contact. As a receiver, the outlet line looks just like it would when run blocking, nice disguise. Capable ball carrier, focused on straight ahead runs. Subtly makes defenders miss in the hole and absorbs contact to continue to churn legs for extra yards. Even flashes seeing backside lane on slanting runs. Is not glued to one pass rusher when protecting the pocket, good at handing off and helping. Does not mind going over the pile at the goal line. 
								Posture is too high, especially when meeting a linebacker at the second level. Rarely sees time in a traditional I-formation, plenty of pistol. Outside of first contact, the block is rarely sustained. Plays for the first hit instead of running through through the opponent. High posture continues as a ball carrier. If a linebacker delivers first contact with leverage and lower pad level, the defender wins. Runs into blockers too often when carrying the football. When blocking quick lateral moves give him some trouble.
							
2013	Jeff Baca	2539954	OG	UCLA	Baca (pronounced BOCK-uh) grew up in Mission Viejo, California, and attended many UCLA games with his late father. And once arriving on campus after a successful high school career, he made an immediate impact. Unfortunately, the NCAA ruled him ineligible for the 2010 season because, as head coach Rick Neuheisel said ?he got over his skis? in some of the classes he took the previous spring. Then he broke his left ankle in 2011 spring practice. But instead of getting down, he played as veraciously as ever for the Bruins in his junior season, earning the respect of NFL scouts.	As tenacious a blocker as there is in this draft class. Strong punch in pass pro, stuns tackles to knock them backwards and works to move the line, not just hold his ground. Quick to recognize blitzes. Re-directs blitzers out of the hole, keeps his feet moving to take them away from the play. Shows awareness in assisting teammates in pass protection. Gets after his run target, attacks with a venom. Hustles to help his tackle prevent inside rushes, at times just attacking the end without any need to. Stones twists inside. Good mobility to pull, gets around the line quickly and has the flexibility to adjust to inside defenders once through the hole. Fits on his second-level block well and engulfs the defender.
								Average height and size for an NFL offensive lineman. Stronger defenders can push him back with a power rush, and can use their superior strength to rip off blocks or control his upper body. Aggressiveness can backfire when overextending his punch, as he lacks great length to re-direct once he loses contact.
							
2013	Travis Bond	2539955	OG	North Carolina	Bond?s pure size makes him stand out on the field, even on a North Carolina offensive line including multiple future NFL players. The nickname "Tree Top" also shows you how his teammates feel about his intimidating size. In fact, coaches thought he got too big after the 2011 Independence Bowl, weighing in at 372 pounds. He dropped to the 330 area for his senior year, a much better weight for him to maintain.	Tall, long lineman with good overall girth. Has the length to prevent tackles from reaching the quarterback, has quick enough feet to mirror and can widen to anchor. Shows good mobility for his size once he gets his body in motion, often pulling and leading runs downfield. Overpowers linebackers directly in his path, very tough to get off his block once engaged. Powerful when balanced on drive blocks, keeps his legs churning to push the pile. Flashes attitude to take his man away from piles as the whistle blows.
								Height and tendency to play with high pad level cause him to give ground at times, especially when he?s slow to get his hands up. Defenders can get their hands into his chest and pop off to make plays at the line. Leans and bends at the waist, relying on his length to push away defenders instead of moving his sometimes-heavy feet. Must prove he can come off the ball quick and low, tends to raise up on contact to allow opponents to slip past him. Pass pro awareness in inconsistent, will fail to keep his eyes moving to find late blitzers. Can be out-quicked in space, as well as defenders attacking plays before he gets his body moving behind the line off the snap.
							
2013	Tanner Hawkinson	2539956	OT	Kansas	It?s not surprising that Hawkinson signed with the Jayhawks out of high school, as he grew up a Kansas fan due to the matriculation of his grandfather (season-ticket holder for years), mother, two brothers and a sister to Lawrence. His father, Griff, actually went to rival Kansas State, and Manhattan was an hour closer to his home town of McPherson, but Tanner knew he?d one day wear crimson and royal blue. Ricky Bobby, as his teammates call him for his resemblance to the Will Ferrell character in the racing comedy "Talladega Nights", started every game since arriving on campus, impressing scouts more each season as his athletic frame filled out into one fitting a potential late round selection.	Frame has filled out during his career, should continue to do so early in his NFL career. Still possesses foot quickness to lead off-tackle runs, be effective on zone blocks, and reach/negate second-level targets. Lateral movement in pass protection is adequate to cut off the corner, has the length to push rushers around the pocket. Picks up twists adeptly. Quick getting down on back-side cut blocks.
								Lacks adequete strength. Can be bullied into the quarterback by powerful linemen and lacks the upper body to hold off defenders once they get the advantage inside. Stops his feet in pass pro at times, causing him to bend at the waist. Also overextends when attacking linebackers off the snap and quicker defenders in space. Doesn't play with balance.
							
2013	John Sullen	2539957	OG	Auburn	General managers looking for a solid offensive lineman capable of starting at the next level should go to the SEC film first; more ?big uglies? were picked from teams currently in the SEC (including Missouri and Texas A&M) over the past five drafts than from any other conference. Though many of the league?s most talented players get the recognition they deserve, scouts can find lesser-known talents who end up contributing heavily on Sundays. Sullen?s size and strength as a run-blocker give him a chance to become one of those mid-to-late round steals.	Tall, long, powerful guard prospect with a thick overall build. Plays with a wide base. Often comes low and hard out of his stance to gain leverage despite his height. Better feet than his build would indicate, effective as a zone-blocker and can execute a reach-block surprisingly well to get the angle. Mirrors while engaged in pass pro, brings a punch, and anchors strong against bulls. Controls his man with his upper body on zone or power run plays. Has intensity to drive defenders to the ground when gaining the advantage.
								Height is a disadvantage in the leverage game if he?s unable to maintain bend. Sticks to linebackers on combos, but simply lacks agility to adjust to quick defenders in space. Mirroring one-on-one against quicker NFL tackles might be an issue, must prove lateral agility and recovery speed if missing his punch.
							
2013	Darius Johnson	2539958	WR	SMU	There?s no coincidence that SMU has become a must-stop for scouts looking for quick receivers since the arrival of head coach June Jones in 2008. His spread attack has worked wonders with the Mustangs, just as it did at Hawaii -? and he?ll tell you that the talented quarterbacks and receivers that he?s had deserve a lot of the credit. Now former SMU stars Emmanuel Sanders, Aldrick Robinson and Cole Beasley are all on NFL squads, and Johnson has the same quickness from the slot to go with excellent hands, even if his size will hinder his draft status.	Tough-minded multi-use receiver. Sets up opposition with stutter step then quick burst inside to create separation on a slant route. Tracks the ball well. Good striding long speed, makes a difficult fingertip catch in full stride. Absorbs contact in routes well for size. Not afraid to leave feet over the middle of the field. Comes out of his breaks well. If given the seam can take a short pass all the way.
								Not really fluid with routes, stutters when path is obstructed. Has too many hitches in routes and steps. Not a run blocker, prefers to run the coverage away. Won?t create space with physicality. Very thin build, have to wonder if success will translate due to his lack of overall strength.
							
2013	George Winn	2539959	RB	Cincinnati	Even though Winn?s University of Detroit Jesuit High School team went winless in Winn?s senior year, his eight yard-per-carry average and 3,000 career rushing yards caught the eye of then-Cincinnati head coach Brian Kelly. Kelly left for Notre Dame in 2010, and then Winn had to wait his turn behind St. Louis Rams 2012 second-round pick Isaiah Pead for most of his career. But a strong finish to his 2011 season and the departure of Pead opened a door for Winn in his senior year.	Compact back with good upper body and leg strength. Has a bit of a burst once finding the open field, has enough speed to turn the corner and force safeties to take deep angles downfield. Shows patience for a hole to open up on zone plays, can also read a lead blocker effectively to find space. Uses lowered pads, thick legs, and good balance to churn through linebacker tackles in short-yardage and goal-line situations.  Not afraid of contact in pass protection, will cut down a blitzer, lower a shoulder on a chip, or stand his ground to use his strength when one-on-one. Also gives great effort to move inside with twisting blitzers and recover after a cut block to get a second hit on a blitzer when possible. Physical play continues on special teams coverage units, as runs through blocks and brings down returners with attitude.
								One-year starter. Not elite in his size, power or speed. Vision in traffic is inconsistent, will duck his head when opportunities to cut are available. Lacks much wiggle to his game. Does not have much experience as a receiver, will need to prove he can do more than catch screen passes in order to bring in awkward passes and make defenders miss in the flat. Overextends and whiffs on his punch in pass protection at times.
							
2013	Quinton Dial	2539960	DE	Alabama	Even though Alabama head coach Nick Saban has his pick of defensive line recruits coming out of high school, he?s found some good bargains from the junior college ranks. Of course, All-American Terrence ?Mount? Cody is the most well-known example, as he helped the Tide win their first BCS title under Saban in 2009. But in Dial and teammate Jesse Williams, Saban brought in two quality players from the JUCO ranks that helped him win BCS title number two in 2011. Dial?s not going to be graded as highly as Williams by NFL scouts, but his size and potential as a reserve defensive lineman in a 3-4 or 4-3 system could get him drafted.	Versatile athletic defensive lineman who plays on the nose, three-technique and five-technique spots on either side of the line. Tall, powerful player who can drop his hips despite his height to hold his ground or drive his man backwards on bull rush. Also capable of holding the edge against the run, using strong arm extension and hands to contain or crash inside. Has good short area agility for his size, and often hustles to the ball. Wraps up ballcarriers in tight quarters with bad intentions. 
								Did not start many times during his time at Alabama, leading to a lack of production, especially against better offensive lines. Solid space eater who does not get off the ball with great pace or shed quickly enough to make stops against the run consistently. Will fail to break down quickly in the backfield or in space to make tackles against more elusive ballcarriers. Gets cut easily and can be put off-balance during his pass rush because of his height, though he tries to recover quickly. Underwent offseason toe surgery.
							
2013	Ryan Nassib	2539961	QB	Syracuse	Nassib has earned a lot of publicity playing for a Syracuse program that hasn?t had double-digits in wins since 2001. The toughness he?s shown on the field and his progression as a passer over the past four years, however, hasn?t escaped the notice of NFL scouts for teams looking for a strong-armed passer with mobility. In fact, with his college head coach Doug Marrone now coaching the Buffalo Bills, many have connected the dots and are projecting Nassib as a top-50 selection.	Thick-bodied arm talent who can distribute the ball at every level. Plus velocity when balanced and clean in his footwork. Strong, quick release, gets the ball out in a hurry on hitches and slants. Accurate to all parts of the field when in rhythm. Comes off initial read, can look off safety to come to the opposite side of the field. Willing to shovel the ball or make a last-ditch throw to make a play instead of taking a sack. Displays the ability to step up within the pocket or move to either side to create space to throw. Flashes air, touch, and accuracy on fades in the end zone. Puts a lot of air under deep balls, giving his man a chance to make a play. Sells play action and screens well. Places the ball on the run, especially to his right. Competitive player who directs his teammates well and does not give up on any game. Tough enough to take big hits, bull for a first down with his feet.
								Possesses only average height for the position. Gunslinger mentality causes him to trust his arm and receivers too much, resulting in bad decisions/turnovers. Not in elite in his mobility or elusiveness outside the pocket, won?t run away from NFL defenders. Footwork is inconsistent, gets happy and actually hops around when trying to find a target. Must be more consistent transferring weight through the throw, relies on his strong arm at times and comes up short on outs or sails throws over the middle. Works nearly exclusively out of the shotgun, but has athleticism to handle plays under center.
							
2013	Emory Blake	2539962	WR	Auburn	It has to be a great joy of any NFL quarterback who happens to be a father is being able to throw footballs to your son, whether it?s in the backyard or the practice field. Emory?s father, Jeff, got to experience that pleasure while spending 14 seasons in the NFL (21,711 passing yards, 134 TD), most notably with the Cincinnati Bengals. While Jeff was known for his beautiful arching deep throws, his son is respected by scouts as having the size and strider?s speed to run underneath those sorts of passes ?- putting those childhood pitch-catch sessions and football talks to good use.	Solid receiver with the length and strider?s speed to play outside at the next level. Also lines up in the slot to get mismatches downfield. Used on a variety of crossers and vertical routes, and has enough quickness after the catch to be used on hitches and quick screens. Shows flexibility to avoid cornerbacks in zone to get into his route, as well as adjust to and bring in high, wide and low passes. Tightropes the sideline, keeps his balance to stay in-bounds for additional yardage after a catch. Can extend for deep balls over his shoulder to bring them in.
								Average size, speed and strength for an outside receiver. Does not get off better press coverage easily with his hands and his ability to secure the ball will also be challenged by pro defenders. Deep speed, burst to the ball, and his level of elusiveness after the catch are not good enough to scare NFL cornerbacks. Will body-catch instead of snatching the ball with his hands, and has the occasional drop even in situations where he is not being challenged. Must prove himself strong enough to handle run-blocking responsibilities. 
							
2013	J.T. Floyd	2539963	CB	Michigan	Floyd was thrown into the fire on occasion over his first two seasons with the Wolverines, even though he was moved from safety to cornerback as a true freshman. The island position is tough enough for experienced players, much less those making a transition in their first year playing major college football. But Floyd made great improvements throughout his sophomore year, and became a team leader as a junior -? the sort of continuing improvement that NFL scouts look for any potential top 100 prospect.	Athletic, tough-minded cornerback who works best attacking plays in front of him. Possesses good length to knock away passes, especially when attacking hitches, and competes for the ball if in position throughout the catch. Using his physicality well. Good zone awareness, finds secondary targets to restrict yards after catch. Not afraid to stick his nose in against the run or quick screen, cuts down ballcarriers in space and throws his shoulder into a pile to stop momentum. Has length and attitude to press. Hustles to chase down players from behind and get back into plays if initially beaten. Goes for the strip whenever possible on tackles.
								Average strength for the position. Gets overly physical at times, grabbing and using an armbar to draw flags. High in his back pedal. Jumps on double-teams, lacks elite recovery speed to reach receiver once he comes forward. Struggles to bring down bigger ballcarriers, though the effort is there. Gambles for the pass break-up or interception, allowing receiver to run after the catch. Loose footwork when moving backwards, can be knocked off-balance in press. Struggles to redirect. Quicker receivers will give him issues. Must prove he can find the ball in the air downfield and make the play.
							
2013	Marquise Goodwin	2539964	WR	Texas	Goodwin?s exploits on the track ?- both in high school and college ?- intrigue NFL scouts as much as his efforts on the field. The two-time Texas Gatorade Track and Field Athlete of the Year won World Junior Championships in the long jump and 4x100-meter relay before heading to Texas, then captured the NCAA outdoor long jump title in 2009, 2010 and 2011. That sort of athleticism, along with the quickness and elusiveness he showed between the lines during this football career, will likely appeal to teams seeking a dynamic weapon in their offense. 	Pure speed offers Goodwin the ability to beat defenders to and around the corner. Frequently sent in motion, gives a moving start or free release. Continues to hand fight downfield while blocking, gets into it with his opposition. Not afraid to hands catch over the middle, between linebacker and safety, and has speed to burn and break away if hit in stride. Utilizes head fakes on routes, animated movements. Protects body after the catch after slant, goes down to the ground to absorb contact. Makes defenders miss with lateral moves on kick return. Runs with shoulders over toes when expecting contact.
								Fails to cut back upfield on jet sweeps, prefers to string them out to the sideline. Does not have the size to prevent defenders from crossing his face when awaiting targets in a short zone. Surprised by the pass too often, gets to him too quickly and struggles to turn head with hands at the ready. Limited route tree. Mostly targeted on quick screens and go routes. Struggles to avoid contact when dealing with physical coverage, and gets stuck vs. pressing corners at the line of scrimmage. Breaking routes are rounded with a lack of explosiveness. Open field cuts do not pick up much ground. Lacks the size and running style to stay up on first contact.
							
2013	Roy Roundtree	2539965	WR	Michigan	Michigan?s offense has not been known for its prowess in the passing game over the past few years, but anyone who has doubted Roundtree in the past has done so to their peril. He has worked through a learning disability to succeed in high school and college, earning his college degree before his fifth year in Ann Arbor. And on the field, his slight build belies the same type of strength and determination. Adding his speed into the equation makes him a potential inside starter in the NFL as a top 125 pick.	Quicker-than-fast slot receiver. Can cut sharply to find holes in zone coverage over the middle. Tough receiver who will go up for passes in traffic and take a hit. Uses feet and hands to swim past linebackers to get into his route off the line. Also uses head fake, lean, and swim move down the seam to get inside position. Flashes agility to turn upfield very quickly after the catch. Very willing as a run blocker, attacks his man, gets the angle and gives great effort to sustain.
								Average height and speed for the position. Lacks bulk in the lower body, making it difficult to run through better tackle attempts. Also must prove he?s strong enough up top to beat press coverage and hold down his run blocks against NFL-caliber defenders. Doesn?t receive many opportunities in Michigan?s offense, will need to prove the reliability of his hands after a history of drops.
							
2013	Earl Wolff	2539966	SS	N.C. State	Wolff was a two-way star at Hoke County High School in North Carolina, running for nearly 1,000 yards as a senior while also racking up five interceptions and seven forced fumbles as a defender. Though his tenacity and athleticism would have made him an intriguing power runner at the college level, it was obvious to Wolfpack coaches that they needed his movement skills and attitude in the secondary -? and now NFL scouts are thinking the same thing.	Solidly built defender able to make plays against the run and pass. Physical tackler coming downhill to attack ballcarriers, not afraid to bring intensity to the stop. Diagnoses and attacks. Breaks down quickly and wraps up the legs of receivers effectively to bring them down quickly after the catch. Uses relentless hustle to reach plays, even if on the opposite sideline. Flashes quickness to move from two-deep to a single-high look after the snap, as well as pick up vertical routes and stay with receivers in deep coverage.  Displays sound footwork and technique in coverage. Aware zone defender who watches the quarterback and keeps an eye out for targets in his area. Has physical nature and athleticism to contribute on special teams immediately.
								Only average height for the position. Stronger backs can run through his tackles, especially when he leaves his feet. Fails to make the more difficult interception where he needs to go low or extend from his frame to bring in the ball. Must prove himself able to get off blocks when playing around the line of scrimmage.
							
2013	P.J. Lonergan	2539967	C	LSU	Lonergan?s moniker stands for "Patrick, Junior," and is especially meaningful in the LSU football program because he?s the second Patrick Lonergan to play on the offensive line for the Bayou Bengals -? his father, Patrick, lettered for the Tigers in 1978 as did his uncle. The younger Patrick has now built his own legacy in Baton Rouge.	Strong, intelligent pivot man with good length and the tenacity you want at the position. Sustains through the whistle with multiple punches and churning feet, does not back down from any challenge. Flashes the feet to re-direct tackles crossing his face. Handles reach blocks adeptly after the snap. Gives good help to either guard, good extension into his punches to knock tackles off their route. Keeps feet moving in short-yardage situations to get movement. Willing to play hurt when possible.
								Plays with a high pad level. Weight appears to be more in the midsection. Overextends occasionally in pass pro and trying to reach run targets. Anchors well in pass pro but gives up leverage to shorter, powerful tackles, might get pushed back and pulled down when leaning into NFL veterans. Not powerful as a drive blocker, defenders can slip off his advance to penetrate. Not coordinated on the move. Frequently finds himself on the ground.
							
2013	Sam Brenner	2539968	OG	Utah	Every mother, father, coach, teammate and fan dreads seeing a player lying still on the field at the conclusion of a play. Brenner spent nearly 15 minutes on the ground, motionless with a neck injury, during the third quarter of the 2011 season-ending home game against Colorado; to the relief of all of those watching, he showed enough movement while being loaded into an ambulance to take paralysis out of the equation. Thankfully, there was no major damage, and his already well-known toughness allowed him to suit up for the team?s Sun Bowl win over Georgia Tech five weeks later.	Tough-nosed player who blends good athleticism with an overall strong build to be an effective interior lineman. Effective on zone plays because of his foot quickness and strength, stays engaged down the line on reach blocks. Mirrors against quicker players in pass protection, also has a strong anchor to widen and stop rushers cold. Solid mobility to pull in front of run plays or reach second-level targets whether uncovered or coming off a down-block. Versatile enough to slide to tackle without a drop-off in play. Has fair lateral movement when at tackle, punches and stays with edge rushers around the pocket and can push them around off the ball in the run game. Smart player who communicates with linemates on blitz pick-ups.
								Lacks the length most scouts like to see at the position, gets pushed back on occasion, both on the move and in pass protection, when failing to get his hands inside and playing with a higher pad level. Inconsistent agility and ability to sustain against linebackers in space, will overextend and whiff, gets out-quicked and slips off blocks. Lacks great recovery speed to cut off inside rushes when at tackle. 
							
2013	Kenny Demens	2539969	ILB	Michigan	Detroit Country Day High School is a well-known producer of athletic talent for colleges across the country (alums include basketball stars Chris Webber and Shane Battier), and Demens was rated one the top 25 linebackers in the nation out of that program by recruiting services ? so Michigan fans expected him to be an impact player early for a defense that was lacking in sturdiness during Rich Rodriguez?s time in Ann Arbor. Though he wasn?t an elite player for the Wolverines to start his career, he?s shown enough heading into the 2012 season that he could become one of the better linebackers in the conference with a solid senior year ? and project as an NFL contributor. 	Versatile player who starts inside but can also play either outside linebacker spot due to his athleticism and instincts. Thick in the lower body, which helps him play with leverage against the run. Plays with a low pad level and good bend, gets low to take on guards and fullbacks and hold his ground. Strong upper body, as well, to securely wrap up ballcarriers in the box. Punches and extends his arms to stay off lineman blocks, can move laterally to stand up backs in the hole. Reads his keys well to get into position to make a play. Three-down player with enough speed and physical nature to handle tight ends off the line, gives effort stay with them down the seasm to affect the receiver?s vision. Moves well enough in zone to follow the quarterback?s eyes and get to the ball.
								Average height and pure straight-line speed for inside linebackers. Solid contributor, not really a big playmaker at the college level. Change of direction ability is not elite, man coverage outside the five-yard area against NFL receivers in the middle might be challenging for him. Flashes hands for the interception but hasn?t had many opportunities to prove their reliability.
							
2013	Jordan Kovacs	2539970	SS	Michigan	Even though Kovacs grew up on the Ohio side of the Ohio State-Michigan border battle, it was perfectly natural for him to move to Ann Arbor as his father, Lou, played defensive back for the Wolverines in the 1980?s. So instead of pursuing a preferred walk-on at Toledo, he chose to walk on at U-M.  The Wolverines are sure glad he did, and now NFL scouts are taking a look at Kovacs as the sort of reserve or spot starter at safety and special teams ace every roster needs.	High-effort strong safety who brings toughness and leadership to the defense. Often used in a linebacker position to get his strength in the box. Solid last line of defense, able to break down and wrap legs of elusive ballcarriers breaking into the open. Used around the line of scrimmage to take on fullback and tight end blocks, good on containment to grab running backs attempting to run away from him on the edge. Flies downhill when seeing a screen in progress, avoids blockers to arrive at the ball. Capable of playing two-deep, reads routes well and arrives with bad intentions to cause fumbles or break-ups, also flashes hands to jump in front of routes or win the tip drill to create the turnover.
								Must prove his athleticism in workouts to avoid the safety/linebacker ?tweener label. Only average in his backpedal and hip turn in coverage, can struggle to reach vertical routes downfield. Out-quicked in coverage, better receivers separate easily with a strong cut, and he lacks recovery speed to catch up in trail. Lacks pure power to get off stronger blockers, failing to grab ballcarriers coming into his area.
							
2013	Josh Jarboe	2539971	WR	Arkansas State	Jarboe?s two years in Jonesboro have been a nice change from the self-induced controversy he experienced during his high school and early collegiate years. Expelled from high school for receiving stolen property and having a gun on school grounds, he got his high school degree on-line with the intent on playing at Oklahoma. His time there was short, however, as he was arrested on a misdemeanor gun charge and eventually dismissed after a YouTube video surfaced featuring Jarboe espousing the virtues of violence. He was also dismissed from his next stop, Troy, after a couple of arrests and a slew of team rules violations before settling down a bit in junior college. During his time with the Red Wolves, however, his talent has shown through ? intriguing scouts with his NFL body and playmaking skills once between the white lines.	Really gets down the field, shoots out of his stance for a player with NFL-quality height and length. Uses slow move to set up pressing cornerback on slant route. Uses suddenness and burst to create separation. Usually an outside receiver but sees time in the slot, specifically for bubble screens. Shows back shoulder hands catching while momentum is carrying him the opposite direction. Comfortable catching and tracking vertical throws over inside shoulder. Flashes toughness along the sideline. Also comfortable sitting in soft zones and hands catching on targets at the numbers. Speed to burn after the catch.
								Lackadaisical on routes when play goes to the opposite side. Full effort is not always there. Routes are rounded on underneath or outside breaking patterns. Does not create separation with route running, because it is sloppy. Not a blocker, cannot sustain and falls to the ground too easily. Everything is in spurts and flashes, nothing good happens consistently. Did not go up and get the ball at the highest point.
							
2013	Kip Edwards	2539972	CB	Missouri	Edwards hasn?t earned many accolades during his Missouri career, failing to earn a start until his junior year and now gets overlooked among all of the talented defensive backs the Tigers see in their first year in the SEC. His NFL size and length on the outside, however, force opposing coaches and receivers to be ready each week for his physical play ? and intrigue NFL teams looking for big corners possessing the athleticism to stay with veteran receivers downfield.	Possesses NFL size and length on the outside. Has quick feet to adjust to inside or outside routes when playing on the line. His height and length make him difficult to throw over the top of; good hand-eye coordination to knock away passes at the last second. Adequate closing speed to hit receivers quickly after the catch when playing off, can watch the quarterback and reach the spot on slants to break up the play or make the interception. Holds the edge well against the run when uncovered, gets leverage on tight end and fullback blocks to force plays inside. Sheds receiver blocks outside to make tackles on outside runs. Strength and long arms make him a secure tackler in space.
								Acceleration and pure straight-line speed are question marks; will need to prove he can stay with quicker receivers in trail coverage and recover adequately after a double-move. Plays a lot of press-bail and off coverage, backpedal looks high and choppy. Also needs to smooth his transition or receivers will separate too easily at the top of their route. Has the tools to press effectively, but he doesn?t have much experience.
							
2013	Anthony Rashad White	2539973	DT	Michigan St.	Given that his father?s name is Reggie White, it?s not shocking to hear that one of his favorite NFL players growing up was the late Philadelphia Eagles and Green Bay Packers Hall of Famer of the same name. White isn?t an elite pass rusher like the Minister of Defense, but he certainly has enough toughness and athleticism in his sturdy nose tackle build to earn playing time, if not a starting spot, at the next level.	Widebody with thick legs and arms. Brings power and explosiveness off the snap into his man to win the line of scrimmage. Flashes the ability to get under a guard?s pad to take him into the quarterback. Capable of two-gapping inside when getting his hands up on his blocker and extending his long arms, can move to either side to swallow backs coming through the hole. Very good hustle to the ball for his size whether getting past the line of scrimmage or chasing downfield.  Fair recovery quickness when on the ground, shows some hustle to the ball if it?s in the box.
								True two-down nose tackle with extra weight in the middle. Eluded by quicker ballcarriers in the backfield, even when in a position to make a play, because it takes time to change directions (though not at a below-average rate for his size). Doesn?t use his violent hands consistently or create separation using his length, gets stuck on blocks too often. Can get his shoulders turned by double teams or better man-up blocks, gets moved out of the gap. Doesn?t always get his head up off the snap, can be put into the ground.
							
2013	Emmett Cleary	2539974	OT	Boston College	You might think it?s a misprint if you read that Cleary was born in Japan -? but it?s the truth. His father?s job kept the family on the move early in Emmett?s childhood, spending time in Germany as well as Japan before they settled to the Chicago suburbs when Cleary was five years old. And even at the time of his birth on the other side of the planet, it was clear he would be a very large young man ?- and his play the last couple of seasons cemented his spot as a potential contributor on an NFL offensive line.	Possesses NFL size and length on the edge. Solid agility, can cut off edge rushers with fair bend and those feet and long arms, but still cut off the inside lane. Has a strong punch that can stop opponents? momentum. Jumps out of his stance quickly to cut off backside pursuers in the run game. Flashes aggressive blocking, finishing run blocks with multiple punches even if the play is well away, or taking off-balance linemen to the ground with his upper-body strength.
								Must gain additional strength in his lower body in an NFL weight program, usually widens to anchor but can get put on his heels by better power rushes if losing the hand battles. Not the quickest of feet. Height gives him some stiffness running in the open field, also makes him vulnerable to slipping off blocks or overextending after initial contact.
							
2013	Travis Howard	2539975	CB	Ohio St.	It took some time for Howard to make a big impact in the Buckeyes? secondary despite being an All-Dade County pick his senior year at Miami?s Dr. Krop High School. And his uneven play as a junior starter in 2011 made some wonder if he would ever reach his potential. But his play this season has given him a chance he?s put himself in a position to be the thirteenth Ohio State cornerback to be selected in the first four rounds of the last 20 NFL drafts.	Very good height and length for an outside corner. Transitions forward from his backpedal well for his size. Uses long arms and wrap receivers after the catch, can throw down smaller targets to the ground. Makes contact off the line in press, and has quickness to maintain contact with receivers down the sideline. Takes run responsibility seriously, contains when uncovered and will cut down backs or push them out-of-bounds when needed. Good hands for the interception, secures the easy catch in zone, adjusts to low throws and winning the tip drill. 
								Very lean build. Not a powerful tackler, and fails to break down in the open field to bring down ballcarriers. Stronger pro receivers might use their bulk to separate downfield. Goes for big shoulder hits instead of wrapping at times. Is leggy and has somewhat tight hips due to his build, quick opponents can separate on cuts, and it takes him time to follow. Recovers adequately from missing his punch or guessing the wrong route at the line but needs to prove the agility to do that at the next level (and improve the consistency in press).
							
2013	Shaq Wilson	2539976	ILB	South Carolina	Wilson?s seen some ups and downs in his career at South Carolina, and certainly hasn?t been a big name on a Gamecocks defense including the likes of defensive ends Jadeveon Clowney and Devin Taylor and cornerback Stephon Gilmore. His size isn?t what many NFL scouts look for at the position, either. But head coach Steve Spurrier will tell you that Wilson is the engine of his defensive unit, and to discount his pro future based on his size would be a mistake.	Active, sideline-to-sideline linebacker with a thick lower body. Downhill defender who lays the wood whether attacking a running back or pounding a receiver in coverage. Also a secure tackler in tight quarters, however. Works hard to get leverage inside or spin out of lineman blocks in the box. Drops his hips and anchors to prevent backs from churning past him in the hole. Good movement skills in zone and man coverage, stays in an athletic position and uses quick feet to get to backs flaring out or to run with receivers. Eyes follow the ball in the backfield, but also is aware of targets in his zone. Displays the hands to bring in tipped passes and reach up for more difficult interceptions. Smart player, team leader on and off the field.
								Shorter than most scouts prefer on the outside, will give up several inches to tight ends in coverage. Lacks pure bulk to play inside in most systems, can be controlled and pancaked by better linemen in the box. Overall straight-line speed must be proven, might lack the explosive to recover or chase from behind at the next level. 
							
2013	Braxston Cave	2539977	C	Notre Dame	It seemed almost inevitable that Cave would one day play for the Irish, growing up a stone?s throw from Notre Dame Stadium in Granger, Ind., and being named after former Notre Dame player Braxston Banks, who is most known outside South Bend for challenging the NCAA rule regarding the loss of college eligibility after declaring for early entry into the NFL draft. Cave has no issue there, however, as the senior center was on campus five years and, unlike Banks, has the talent to be a mid- to late-round draft pick.	Tough-as-nails center with good overall strength and the intelligence to lead an NFL line. Gives good effort to sustain run blocks through the play, whether it?s a reach block or chasing down Mike linebackers when asked. Good enough feet to move to correct blocking angle while engaged. Displays bend and a punch to knock linebackers away from the play in space. Flashes mirror ability when man-up in pass pro, won?t be bull-rushed when in balance. Brings a big punch to help either of his guards, knocks defenders sideways. Reliable shotgun snapper, hands get up quickly to handle tackles trying to beat him off the snap.
								Not overly athletic and possesses average size and strength. Stiff, lacks quickness, and balance. Stops his feet and bends at the waist in one-on-one blocks, better tackles can pull down and disengage. Quicker second-level targets will avoid his advance or get back into play after initial contact. Struggles to recover when initially beaten.
							
2013	Jon Bostic	2539978	ILB	Florida	Bostic played well enough as a junior to test the NFL draft waters, but he returned in 2012 as part of a very talented Gators defense. That same unit is loaded with junior talent, but Bostic was one of the true veteran leaders and saw a 7-6 2011 campaign transform into an 11-1 senior season. Bostic is an aggression setter, delivering big hits against opposing ball carriers in the lane or on receivers asked to run shallow crosses.	Downhill Mike linebacker attacks lanes in the run game, often running through reach-blocks to get to his target. Immediately presses with hands on contact with good pad level to create space to work. Brings power to his tackles, stopping momentum and sometimes throwing bigger ballcarriers to the ground. Stuffs fullback blocks and holds his ground to stop linemen if unable to beat their blocks. Flashes the ability to pop off or swipe away linemen with his hands to grab backs in his immediate area. Does not mind getting in on piles or cleaning them up. Fights to take care of his responsibility, working the blocks all the way to the edge. Hustles in coverage, knows responsibilities on the tight end/running back and works to limit yards after catch. Sniffs out screens and secures the stop. Has experience at inside linebacker in both a three man front and four man front. Vocal leader that moves teammates to their correct spots.
								Thickly built chest and shoulders but quickness is lacking. Won't be able to makes wasted moves after first step due to lack of burst. Has difficulties consistently get off better offensive lineman blocks and can be stiff-armed by longer ballcarriers. Hits with shoulder too often against the run, allows him to get sucked into offensive lineman's block rather than being able to make a play on the football. Overrun plays at times, lacks elite change of direction ability to recover. Closing speed to the ball is average, quicker ballcarriers elude his advances through the hole and mobile quarterbacks can run away from him. Almost gallops in the open field, won?t catch pro backs and receivers from behind without help. Cut blocks at the second level give him issues. His eyes move faster than his feet can in terms of diagnosing the play and reacting.
							
2013	R.J. Dill	2539979	OT	Rutgers	Dill made the decision to transfer from the University of Maryland after the 2011 season (the team went 2-10 under new head coach Randy Edsall) to take advantage of the NCAA rule allowing players earning their degree to go to another school with a graduate program unavailable at their current school. He had no shortage of suitors, but decided to finish his career at Rutgers, not only because their New Jersey campus is only a couple of hours drive from his hometown of Mechanicsburg, Pa., but also because of the general program fit. That decision certainly made his new coaches happy, but also thrilled his teammates -? especially the quarterbacks he protects and running backs he creates holes for off the edge.	Possesses height and length to handle NFL defenders on the edge, also has improved his overall strength over time. Plays with a wide base. Regularly sticks on blocks with bend and footwork, sustains throughout the play even if defender attempts to escape. Anchors against bull rushes, sets his feet and uses upper body strength to hold firm. Flashes the ability to get inside targets on the line and second level to cut off back side pursuit. Gives good effort to reach late blitzers after doubling inside.
								Initial quickness from a three-point stance is not elite for his size, might struggle to reach pro defensive linemen and handle the edge on zone plays consistently. His height gives opponents a big chest target to hit, can be punched back to reach backs coming into the hole. Quicker defenders can get him to cross his feet or lean heavily outside off the snap with a strong upfield rush. Initial punch could be stronger and more direct, and better ends can win the hand battle after first contact. Recovery speed once beaten or when stopping his feet is only adequate, though he can use his length to push rushers around the pocket or slow them down. Speed to the second level and ability to adjust to quick targets there are lacking. 
							
2013	Kerwynn Williams	2539980	RB	Utah St.	Most running backs playing in the WAC don?t have to worry about one NFL-caliber running back keeping them off the field, much less two. But Williams had to sit behind Seattle fourth-round pick Robert Turbin and Tampa Bay Buccaneers seventh-round selection Michael Smith for most of his career with the Aggies, excelling on special teams and taking advantage of a handful of carries each game. 	Short back, with a more compact build. Keeps ball high and tight. Not afraid to run between the tackles. Used out wide in five receiver sets, understands to sit in soft areas as a receiver. Adequate pass-catcher out of the backfield, contorts body to adjust to poor throws. Looks to cut upfield on sideline runs. A veering and weaving kind of runner, always wants to be going forward. Very reliable to catch the target on short routes, even when hit immediately. Even used along the sideline on a wheel route, adjusts to back shoulder. Makes opposition miss when up to full speed. Has enough breakaway speed, big runs come when drifting to the sideline. Can take a screen to the end zone if given a lane due to little wasted movement.
								Lacks ideal size for a starting NFL back. Does not explode out of his stance quickly, builds up speed. Not overly exaggerated or quick on angle route out of the backfield. Lacks noteworthy open field moves, prefers to be subtle in space. Upfield cuts take multiple steps rather than one, decisive step. Vision is a question mark, appears to run to designed lane without thought of altering his path. Not much of a help when chipping in pass protection. In fact, too often the attempted block is whiffed. Consistently taken down by the first defender, doesn't fall forward. Fumbles when hit after immediately taking the handoff.
							
2013	Cameron Lawrence	2539981	OLB	Mississippi St.	Lawrence came to Mississippi State as a 200-pounder who was described by his high school coach as a ?linebacker in a quarterback?s body.? As added weight through his first two years on campus (watching his older brother, Addison, start on the offensive line), Bulldogs coaches could see it was only a matter of time before he took over as a defensive leader. Now he?s not only one of the team?s mainstays, but also a potential NFL strong-side linebacker and special teams contributor.	Versatile, instinctual player whose feet are always moving. Assignment-sure defender, maintains gap discipline. Has a constantly-running motor, throws his body around to make plays. Works hard to beat blocks of lineman and running backs with his hands, but will take on a lead block when needed. Out-quicks linemen, as well, attacking plays in the box. Gets through traffic, jumping over bodies to get to the ball. Possesses good agility in coverage, effective wrapping up in zone (with force) to limit yards after the catch. Mixes it up with tight ends off the line and should add value in man coverage.  Likely contributor on special teams units with his hustle and tackling ability.
								Still presents a lean build, needs to bulk up in pro weight program. Gives up significant weight and power to offensive linemen in the box, gets knocked off his route to the ball too easily. Possesses fair speed for his weight, but lacks the closing ability of other lean ?backers. Drag-down tackler, not intimidating. Inconsistent breaking down quickly to grab ballcarriers, ends up on the ground when lunging for the tackle.
							
2013	A.J. Klein	2539982	ILB	Iowa St.	Klein is the type of intense, instinctive defender all coaches want suiting up for them -? even opposing Big 12 coaches allowed him to share the conference?s Defensive Player of the Year award in 2011 with Oklahoma defensive end Frank Alexander. But he shows enough athleticism to handle coverage responsibilities against tight ends and receivers, as well, making him a potential mid-round pick as a starter on the strong side or in the middle at the next level.	Klein is a three year starter that served as the leader for the Iowa State football team. Fiery. Active and instinctual linebacker who plays all three positions in the stack. Klein is a very intilligent and instinctual football player. He reads his keys well, trusts what he sees, and very rarely takes false steps, or wastes motions. Flashes quickness to the ball due to great hustle and immediate play recognition. Scrapes adeptly, finding his way across the formation to stuff runs. Uses his hands to swipe off oncoming blockers, and fight through traffic. Takes on blocks well before shedding. Stacks running backs in the hole, stops their momentum. Does a good job getting proper depth in his drops, while never losing sight of the quarterback. Knocks receivers off their routes. Gets his hands on the football, and has displayed the ability to make the interception, and return it for the score. (four pick-six plays in his career).
								Lacks elite straight-line and recovery speed. Struggles to in man coverage. Cannot consistently run down plays from the back side. Inconsistent breaking down to make stops in space. Lacks great flexibility to turn the corner as a pass rusher or adjust to elusive ballcarriers, can slip off tackles when coming in too high.
							
2013	Matt Furstenburg	2539983	TE	Maryland	The Furstenbergs have more than their fair share of athletics trophies in their home. Matt?s father, Roger, played football at Richmond and probably earns plenty of airline miles traveling to see his son play for the Terps after doing the same for two daughters; Jill played basketball at the College of Charleston while Allison played lacrosse his alma mater. And given his son?s combination of size, strong hands and athleticism, Roger will be doing some more traveling to see Matt play in the NFL.	Athletic build and some surprising agility. Reliable receiver, even to extend away from his frame to catch high or wide throws with strong hands. Good speed and cutting ability with the ball in his hands, can hurdle trash on the ground. Good release off the line when unchallenged from a stand-up position or three-point stance. Has the flexibility to adjust to throws when turned. Gets after his target in the run game, drops his hips pretty well for his frame, and gives excellent effort to punch and mirror to prevent back side pursuit.
								Lacks ideal height. Lean build for an in-line blocker, won?t get much movement against pro linemen. Stronger defenders get under his pads to gain leverage and can rip down on his run blocks to shed. Long legs make him a strider who can be tripped up easily in space, will hop when cutting outside or inside in his route. Needs to use his hands to beat NFL linebackers off the line. Must improve strength, balance, and body control to win jump balls in traffic as a red zone threat and over the middle.
							
2013	Blaize Foltz	2539984	OG	TCU	Roger Foltz played offensive line at Wake Forest, and wanted his son to have that same experience -? but no player from Rose Hill High School in Kansas had ever signed with a Division 1 program. So he shipped out highlight tapes from Blaize?s all-state career on the offensive and defensive lines to coaches throughout the country. TCU was so happy with what they got from Blaize that they signed his brother, Brady, three years later.	Solidly built interior lineman, with tremendous strength in a phone-booth. Anchors quickly against bull rushes inside, gives little round and can move his feet to stay on the block as the defender tries to get off to chase the play. Good awareness on twists and blitzes, stones ends or late-coming linebackers adeptly. When he stays low off the ball, he can drive his assignment out of the hole, or control them on the backside. Controls some opponents with his upper-body strength to move them out of the hole. Consistent in hitting his aiming point.
								Below average overall athleticism and explosion from his stance. Takes time to get around the line on pulls, will struggle to hit quicker targets in space and doesn?t have elite foot speed to reach linebackers more than a couple yards off the line of scrimmage. Also gets off-balance on zone runs at times when leaning. Quicker defenders will challenge his hand speed and pull him forward to shed. Looks slow and sluggish when asked to move on screens.
							
2013	Rashard Hall	2539985	SS	Clemson	Hall?s on-field performance is enough on its own to garner NFL attention, as he?s been a regular in Clemson?s always-talented secondary for four seasons. But the fact he became just the second Tigers football player to graduate in just over three years also shows he has the intelligence and work ethic to become a starting strong safety, or at least a valued reserve and special teams contributor at the next level.	Smart, determined player with NFL safety-caliber size and length. Secure tackler in the open field once latched on, using his strong upper body. Aggressive filling a running lane, delivers the blow. Reads misdirection and stays disciplined to prevent the big play. Stacks up piles inside, can stop forward momentum with pure effort. Diagnoses and closes fast on underneath routes in zones. Directs teammates to their assignments before the play, reads the offense well.  Makes quarterbacks pay for overthrows with interceptions, even if he uses his body or double-catches hot passes. 
								Needs to prove his straight-line speed, used in single-high looks at times but might have limited range at the next level. Does not always get deep-as-deepest in two-deep looks, either, allowing big plays behind him due to average recovery ability. Angles to the ball can be aggressive, leading to missed tackles, especially when leaving his feet for the stop. Slow, long backpedal, and move forward isn?t always clean, will lose his balance when needing to quickly close. Average hip fluidity for a safety, can be stiff in transition.
							
2013	James Ferentz	2539986	C	Iowa	It is not unusual for a few draft prospects each year to have played for their father in high school, but Ferentz?s father, Kirk, has had the pleasure of coaching him for five years at the University of Iowa. It was the second son Kirk instructed since joining the Hawkeyes after the 1998 season (after spending time as a NFL offensive line coach), and now James? older brother, Brian, is the team?s offensive line coach after spending four years with the Patriots. The youngest member of this family affair isn?t the biggest pivot man in this draft, but has learned enough from his brother and father in terms of technique that scouts can see him latching on at the next level.	Excellent on the move, consistently hits target on a reach block or at the second level. Very technically sounds, uses leverage and positioning advantage. Plenty of foot speed to stay in front of a running back in space. Solid first contact on slanting blocks despite lack of ideal size. Gets under pads with strong punch and not afraid to finish blocks off with aggression. Heady pass protector, head is on a swivel and can have an arm on two rushers. Has excellent footwork to accomplish responsibility. Hand use is active and continues to attack in one on one pass blocking situations. Also, lower half bend and flexibility allows him to absorb momentum. Has the anticipation and grip to sustain at the second level. Obvious fit for a heavy zone-blocking scheme.
								Lacks overall size and pure bulk, which will put him at a major disadvantage when man-up against bigger, faster NFL defensive tackles. At times he gets top heavy and overextends when blocking straight ahead. Has majority of difficulties against bigger defensive linemen that line face up and look to punish on first contact. Does not get every blitz protection call right, some A-gap blitzers run free.
							
2013	Chris Jones	2539987	DT	Bowling Green	Jones might not be the biggest or strongest interior defensive lineman in the 2013 draft class, but he won?t be outworked by any of them ?- and he?s one of the most productive defensive linemen in the country. Double-digit sack totals are rare for players lining up between the tackles, but Jones was able to accomplish that feat in 2012 using the relentlessness and consistent leverage that will give him a shot to make it at the next level.	Stout, high-effort interior lineman who also flashes good short area quickness. Brings power out of his stance and an explosive punch into a blocker?s chest when man-up. Constantly has a leverage advantage with his low center of gravity, and possesses the quickness and hustle to move his feet to win a gap or bull his man towards the quarterback on pass plays. Spins off blocks or uses an arm-over move to reach the quarterback. Gives effort to the sideline when the ball is on his half of the field. Works at the five-technique at times, crashes inside adeptly and plays his containment responsibilities well.
								Shorter than most teams prefer inside. Has only average bulk and won?t overpower NFL veterans. Can be put to the ground if losing his leverage advantage while being blocked on the move. Not elite in his quickness off the snap, might have troubles beating NFL interior linemen as a first-step pass rusher and wind up a NT/DT tweener in some systems. Lacks the closing speed to track down ballcarriers outside the tackle box without help from teammates.
							
2013	Dann O'Neill	2539988	OT	Western Michigan	It was no surprise when O?Neill, a four-star recruit considered among the top 10 offensive tackle prospect in the country coming out of Grand Haven, Michigan, signed with the University of Michigan for the 2008 season. But the spread system installed by then-new Wolverines head coach Rich Rodriguez didn?t fit with O?Neill?s skill set, leading him to transfer to WMU (where his older brother, James, was a tight end) after redshirting his first season in Ann Arbor. Bill Cubit?s system seems to fit him just fine, and some NFL team will utilize his size and length at right tackle.	Tall, long right tackle prospect with some thickness in his arms and thighs despite his height. Fair foot quickness and lateral agility for his size, tough for college ends to win the corner on him. Moves pretty well on zone blocks to contain the edge, can also pick up late blitzers with his feet and length when doubling inside off the snap. Solid on second-level blocks, reaches linebackers on combos or when uncovered, and can drop his hips and extend to keep them from the play. Will reset his hands or extend his arms while engaged to ensure he stays on the block. Cuts off the inside lane in pass pro with his length when in balance. Flashes nastiness on run blocks, will get his hands inside and move his man by churning his feet. Adds himself to piles and is willing to take his man to the ground. 
								Only adequate initial quickness out of his three-point stance, can be late with his punch, so better ends can beat him inside when he overextends. Will also bend at the waist when trying to reach a wide-nine target in the run game. NFL ends might take advantage of his big chest and occasionally upright stance more regularly. Slow to cut block, defenders can easily elude him and stay in the play. Average anchor, height and average lower-body strength allow better ends to drive him backwards, though he usually widens enough to use his size to prevent the sack. Lacks agility to get to quicker defenders in space.
							
2013	Brandon McGee	2539989	CB	Miami	McGee was a high school All-American at Miami?s Plantation High School, playing quarterback as a junior before becoming the two-way threat at cornerback and receiver for his final season. He played in 10 games on special teams and as a reserve cornerback as a true freshman (two tackles). McGee played a bit more on defense as a sophomore, earning one start (opener against Florida A&M) and being credited with 15 tackles and two pass breakups on the year. He cracked the starting lineup for all 12 games in 2011, intercepting his first pass (against South Florida) and breaking up two others. In his senior season, as Miami?s top corner, McGee had a very inconsistent season, but still managed to pick off two passes and break up seven others.	Typical Miami cornerback with quick feet and good straight-line speed. Quickness evident waiting for receiver to make his move off the line, can stick with hitch routes effectively. Fluid hips help him transition well, flips open quickly to keep up down the sideline. Good recovery speed and is effective in trail over the middle. Competitiveness, and body control to knock away passes around the receiver without interfering. Shows violent hands to rip off receiver blocks in the run game, sticks his nose into tackles, wrapping when possible, on the edge and adds himself to piles. Plays boundary and field sides.
								Has only adequate size for an outside corner. Will struggle to turn his head to find the ball at times. Leans back in his pedal too often, losing some traction when needing to plant to trail, or getting knocked out of position by contact. Needs to flatten his blitz angles, ball gets underneath him.
							
2013	Baker Steinkuhler	2539990	DT	Nebraska	The Steinkuhler name is synonymous with Nebraska football. Baker?s father, Dean, won both the Outland and Lombardi Trophies while on the offensive line with the Huskers in 1983 and became the second overall pick in the 1984 NFL Draft by the Houston Oilers. His brother, Ty, also played a significant role with the team from 2005 to 2008. Now a team leader himself, Baker has grown into a solid starter during his time in Lincoln, and has gained some fans among NFL scouts as a potential contributor at the next level.	Tough, high-motor lineman who plays the zero, three and five techniques equally well. Shows enough initial quickness to challenge blockers off the snap. Plays with decent pad level and bend to maintain leverage despite his height. Athletic enough to move down the line while engaged to maintain his gap. Stands up to double teams adequately, keeps his feet working and doesn?t get his shoulders turned; takes up blockers so blitzers can get through the line. Flashes some short area agility, as well as the strength to hold up his man while grabbing a back coming through his gap with one arm. Has the length to affect passing lanes when watching the quarterback, also tough for passers to throw around if getting free from his block. Best following plays within the box, but shows some good hustle to the outside when possible.
								Has increased his overall strength during his career, especially in the upper body, but is still a bit svelte for an interior player. Better players take advantage of the lean he needs to keep his pad level low, can get him to the ground or wash him out of plays. Does not consistently disengage from man-up blocks to make plays on cutbacks. Not a great collegiate playmaker, lacks explosiveness and closing speed to be an elite pass rusher (often out on third downs) or chase down plays outside the box.
							
2013	La'Rod King	2539991	WR	Kentucky	King is a self-described ?Army brat?, both in Wurzberg, Germany as the son of a now-retired Army Sargent First Class and a former college football player. He?s now also a father himself, as son Isaiah was born in April 2012. With NFL scouts intrigued with the body and hands that made him a good high school basketball player, King might be able to provide a nice living for his young son for at least a few years.	Has the height to match up with anyone on the edge length wise. Uses hands to beat jam, usually arm over swim, and quickly looks back at the quarterback after the release. Drives on defensive back against off coverage, uses body to push off and create space at the top of his route. Flashes the ability to weave through coverage downfield, looks back while in a soft area. Best on sideline tracking routes or sitting in zones. Active blocker that gives enough effort, even when defender is on the ground. 
								Takes a few strides to get going, therefore struggles against press coverage due to forced short steps. Solely an outside receiver, lacks the suddenness, versatility, and ability to adjust to work inside. Lack of speed off the line leaves him susceptible to one arm jam. Tentative when running through trash on underneath or crossing routes. Fails to high point underthrown targets, preferring to wait and body-catch. 
							
2013	John Lotulelei	2539992	ILB	UNLV	Lotulelei (pronounced low-two-LAY-LAY) went the junior college route after a successful high school career on the island of Maui. His coach at Merced College in California admitted that he ?struggled? in his first year with that program, but he came on strong as a sophomore, leading the team with 84 tackles, 12 for loss, and earning attention from FBS programs.	Lotulelei is a thick outside linebacker who possesses enough quickness to avoid offensive linemen and closing speed to attack stretch plays on the other side of the line. He?s an aggressive tackler who can explode into ballcarriers; he also takes out fullbacks and pulling guards in the hole like a hammer. Lotulelei low center of gravity and upper-body strength allows him to punch to shed and play with leverage inside, and he has the instincts and vision to find the ball in traffic. His hustle and solid tackling should allow him to succeed on the interior of special teams coverage units. 
								He?ll be among the shorter linebackers in the draft class. His short, compact build will probably limit him to the interior at the next level, and linemen will have an advantage over him between the tackles with his average length. His man-cover skills are limited, as he lacks the pure short-area quickness and recovery speed to chase down receivers once taking a false step or starting a tick behind.
							
2013	Kejuan Riley	2539993	FS	Alabama St.	Riley finished fifth in the voting for the 2011 Buck Buchanan Award, given to the best defender in the Football Championship Subdivision every year ? finishing well ahead of 2012 draft picks Justin Bethel (Presbyterian), Asa Jackson (Cal Poly), Josh Norman (Coastal Carolina), and Trumaine Johnson (Montana). His nine interceptions, along with 75 tackles and two forced fumbles got him All-American accolades, as well as catching the eye of NFL scouts always on the look-out for a small-school safety with potential as a reserve and special teams contributor. Riley proved he belonged right away, playing all 11 games with the Hornets as a true freshman, starting once (38 tackles, one interception, five pass break-ups). Then he got on scouts? radar by finishing third in the FCS with seven interceptions (along with 63 tackles, six pass break-ups) in 2010, earning first-team All-SWAC honors before taking his game to another level as a junior. 	Has a solid overall build and good length for the position. Plays centerfielder well, shows a lot of range to reach either sideline from a single-high look. Has excellent ball skills for safety, snatches throws outside his frame and wins the tip drill. Solid open-field tackler, breaking down and using his length to drag down ballcarriers in space. Willing to stick his nose into piles in run support.
								Needs to add strength in the upper body. Not an intimidator downfield. Best when coming straight into tackles and attacking plays downhill, lacks exceptional hip fluidity, might be taken advantage of in man coverage. Poor quarterbacking at the FCS level gives him a lot of easier chances to make interceptions.
							
2013	Cameron Meredith	2539994	DE	Nebraska	Meredith played at national high school football powerhouse Mater Dei in California, and had his choice of West Coast teams for which he could have played. But he chose Nebraska instead because of the program and the people, and he?s been a solid player for the Cornhuskers ever since. Though Meredith hasn?t been dominant on the edge, he possesses enough strength against the run and pass rush ability to be a swing 4-3 end ? or maybe a 3-4 linebacker if he shows enough athleticism at the Combine ? at  the next level.	Possesses NFL size and length to play the run on the edge. Flashes a powerful punch into his man?s chest off the snap to get backward movement. When in pass rush mode, will punch multiple times and keep his feet moving to go outside or spin back inside to the quarterback if the ball stays in the pocket. Knows his containment responsibilities, works hard to prevent cutbacks while still making plays from the back side if ballcarriers hesitate. Good hustle-and-chase player willing to work down the line, to the sideline, and downfield to help teammates. Moves inside at times, stuffs linemen and ballcarriers coming through the hole, could move to five-technique with some additional weight.
								Often late off the snap, does not have the initial quickness and agility to be a great pass rusher at the next level.  Only average closing speed and change direction ability on the outside, plays stiff and can be out-quicked by runners one-on-one. Lacks explosion attacking the quarterback on twists. Has trouble disengaging from the blocks of better linemen, comes up short grasping for tackles on ballcarriers coming into his area.
							
2013	Mychal Rivera	2539995	TE	Tennessee	Rivera was part of Oregon?s typical group of California signees in 2008, earning high marks as a tight end prospect nationally out of Valencia?s Birmingham High School. But after redshirting his first year, he found himself buried on the depth chart behind future NFL players Ed Dickson, Dion Jordan (now an outstanding defensive prospect for the Ducks) and David Paulson. Two transfers later, Rivera himself is looking like a potential contributor on Sunday using his athleticism and strong hands.	Solid move-the-chains receiver with the required toughness for the position. Good hands and flexibility to bring in passes on the run and continue over the middle or downfield. Extends his arms, and catches the ball off his frame. Has strider?s speed to threaten the seam. Runs tough and will stiff-arm oncoming defenders after the catch. Flashes athleticism to leap defenders and flexibility to avoid linebackers on crossers. Gives good effort as an in-line blocker, moves his feet, extends his strong arms, and usually gets his hands on his target?s numbers. Willing to sustain throughout the play against ends or linebackers, also against second-level targets from a stand-up position. Also does his job when lined up as a lead blocker in the backfield.
								Needs to add more mass to hold up at the point of attack as a blocker. Straight-line speed and explosion off the line are also average, might not separate from NFL linebackers consistentlyl. Lateral quickness is also average, can be out-quicked on the edge to allow his man into the play, ends up on the ground at times when blocking on the move from the backfield.
							
2013	Caylin Hauptmann	2539996	OT	Florida International	Hauptmann had his pick of major college programs after deciding to leave the College of the Canyons after just one season. But instead of going to UCLA, Oregon or Texas, he decided to make his mark on an up-and-coming FIU squad led by revered head coach Mario Cristobal. The graduate of Beverly Hills High School in Los Angeles and one-time karate proficient has, indeed, made an impact clear across the country in Miami, as well as making an impression on NFL scouts.	Tough lineman with a thick overall build. Solid pass pro set, has good bend and lateral agility, and can widen and anchor to stay out of the quarterback?s way. Uses powerful arms to control ends trying to bull him off the edge, can reset quickly if his man tries to move him up top. Possesses foot quickness to reach linebackers, block down on five-techs and bounce out to cut off rushing linebackers. Will extend his arms and keep his feet moving to sustain blocks through the whistle to prevent backside pursuit or seal the end of the line. Not satisfied with catching targets, will attack them and stay on the block. Recovers well to hustle back to his man if missing a target at the second level or overextending in pass pro. Moves his feet to take three-techs out of the play on reach blocks. Sees blitzers coming off the edge, will come cut them off if the blocking scheme allows or let the quarterback know he needs to get the ball away fast.
								Only average size and length for a tackle, lacks experience at guard at the major college level. Allows his man to get his hands into his chest too often instead of getting his own hands up to gain control.  Aggressive style will lead him to overextend at times. Good, but not elite, agility in space, relies on hustle more than pure athleticism. Will need to prove his explosiveness and hand usage coming from a three-point stance, mostly standing up in FIU?s offense.
							
2013	Drew Frey	2539997	SS	Cincinnati	Frey?s career got off to a rough start. He had hoped to make an impact as a true freshman, but was sidelined with a dislocated shoulder during preseason practice. After rehabbing that injury he again showed promise in 2008, even earning a start against Akron before breaking his right arm in the first quarter of that contest (finished with 10 tackles, 0.5 for loss, on the year). Thankfully for Frey and the Bearcats, he has only missed two games over the past three years and was awarded a sixth year of eligibility by the NCAA. If he stays healthy as a senior, his toughness and intelligence (high school valedictorian, annual Academic All-Big East pick) will make him a solid mid-round prospect.	Tall, long safety with underrated athleticism. Very audible and active on the field prior to the snap, waving arms and shouting to adjust to the offensive formation. Stays low for leverage when facing blocking receivers. Attempts to disguise coverage prior to third downs, shifting his location. Recognizes run or pass early. Plays close to the line of scrimmage at the goal line, gets jam and stays close to slot receiver. Sits on inside route against slot tight ends, disrupts the receiver during the pattern. Effort and toughness are apparent.
								Leaner build might cause problems in coverage against larger NFL receivers. Doesn?t drive hard against the run when asked to be the single high safety, takes last line of defense very literally. Not around the play often enough, instead choosing to squad down and be cautious a few yards away from the action. That translates to a lack of aggression at the catch point, as well. Too often forced to dive at the ball carrier due to a lack of anticipation and quick moves to get in position. Even when play recognition is there he doesn?t attack. Always seems to be trailing or a step let. Lacks range and limited athletically.
							
2013	Alex Carder	2539998	QB	Western Michigan	Under head coach Bill Cubit, Western Michigan has employed one of the more prolific offenses in the country including talented players like Green Bay Packers star receiver Greg Jennings. Carder took over the reins of the offense from Tim Hiller in 2010, and the Broncos? passing attack didn?t see any drop-off ?- in fact, the team?s scoring actually increased from 26 to 34 points per game from 2009 to 2011. Though Carder?s size and arm strength aren?t exceptional, NFL teams will like his mobility, toughness and ability to efficiently run an offense.	Can work from the shotgun and under center. Accurate thrower in the short to intermediate passing game, shows the anticipation and tight spiral to hit windows on seam and out routes as well as crossers between the hashes. Quiet feet and balanced in the pocket, which help that accuracy. Good mobility, able to keep up more than first downs with his feet on roll-outs if no options are available downfield. Tough competitor, leads his team on the field and is willing to stand in the pocket to deliver even when interior rusher is bearing down. Seems to know what the defense is giving him, generally makes good decisions on check-downs.
								Possesses average height and bulk for the position, throws from a wide stance which drops his pad level even more. Arm strength is also average, which shows up especially when throwing on the run or when his feet aren?t set. Tries throwing passes into tough spots when pressed by better defenses, which leads to interceptions because he lacks the cannon to pull it off. Throws will sail when he tries to put something extra on it. Works in a spread system, often working from the shotgun and looking directly at his first option from the snap, so he needs to show he can find second or third target when initial read is covered. Overall agility and speed as a runner are not exceptional, will be chased down more easily by NFL defenders both within and outside the pocket.
							
2013	Uona Kaveinga	2539999	ILB	BYU	As a high school All-American from California, Kaveinga (pronounced kah-vein-ga, first name whoa-nah) decided to play for the highly-successful Southern Cal program under Pete Carroll rather than head to Provo to suit up for the Cougars. After two disappointing seasons with the Trojans, he decided to transfer to BYU, saying he preferred the campus? ?social life and spiritual life?. The fact he was guaranteed more playing time was probably part of the decision, as well ? and he took advantage of that increased workload to become a legitimately draftable pro prospect.	Physical leader in the middle of the defense who possesses a compact build with thick arms. Finds the ball regularly, feels his way through traffic to stack running backs. Punishes ballcarriers with a pop in the hole or in zone coverage. Takes out lead blockers like a missile when needed so others can clean up. Has enough foot speed to drop in the middle, works to stay with tight ends down the seam. Knocks smaller receivers off crossing routes over the middle. 
								Shorter than scouts prefer at the position. Length also becomes an issue when fighting off blockers. Downhill defender who can struggle to change directions quickly. Hustles to the ball, but won?t have a huge range due to average initial acceleration. Goes for the big shoulder hit instead of wrapping at times, will lunge and be eluded by quicker ballcarriers.
							
2013	DeQuinta Jones	2540000	DT	Arkansas	Jones originally committed to Michigan, but decided to stay closer to home, choosing Arkansas over several other SEC schools. While the Wolverines struggled down the stretch under Rich Rodriguez in 2009, ?DD? started three games and played in 12 as a true freshman (24 tackles, 3.5 for loss, 2.5 sacks). He gained even a stronger role in 2010, starting eight of 12 games (38 tackles, 0.5 for loss, two forced fumbles), with seven coming before he was arrested in October for marijuana possession. Jones again didn?t put up big numbers as an 11-game starter his junior year (19 tackles, two for loss, one sack) but that?s not necessarily a requirement for scouts looking for his sort of length and strength in the middle.	Tall, long and athletic defender lines up at every spot on the line. Flashes quickness off the snap at the three-technique, takes a long step to win the gap. Leans into doubles inside and holds his ground well for his height.  Gets some push and plays containment when outside either tackle. Short-area quickness also helps him attack ballcarriers when free within the box. Uses length to get his hands into passing lanes when unable to reach the quarterback. Not afraid to mix it up with opponents.
								Plays with a high pad level too often, getting stoned by a strong punch and losing leverage. Doesn?t use his hands nearly enough, gets stuck on blocks, fails to pop off to make plays on ballcarriers coming into his area. Lacks closing speed to be a great pass rusher or make plays outside the box. Must prove he has the stamina to be more than a rotational player at the next level.
							
2013	Josh Dworaczyk	2540001	OG	LSU	Whether in a game or just one of a long string of spring or fall practices, Dworaczyk (pronounced Duh-ross-ic) has filled in wherever his coaches ask him to line up on the offensive line. Though he?s best suited as a guard in the NFL, the Louisiana native has handled duties at both tackle spots and even in the pivot during his six years at LSU. That?s right, six years ? the NCAA granted him the extra year of eligibility after he missed the entire 2011 with a knee injury suffered in fall camp. Despite the injury, however, scouts like that versatility, as well as his size and toughness, and that might be enough to give him late-round grades next April.	Tall, versatile lineman. Keeps working even when beaten, does not give up, stays close and even attached. Long first step when run blocking. Makes sure to consistently use hands and extend arms in pass protection. Frequently looks to help out others when pass blocking, left arm contacts edge rusher then crashes inside. Understands quick throws and blocks accordingly. Recognizes when defensive lineman is slanting away from him and picks up the new rusher. Best int he running game when asked to crash a shoulder. Has tape at left tackle and guard.
								High pad level out of his stance. Loses on first contact versus inside move, lets his face be crossed, results in waist bending. Lacks a strong base to support run blocking. A lot of his weight is in his core, lacks thickness in the lower body and is only average up top. Hunched over too much when moving forward. Keeps contact against inside move nut can?t keep up with the speed to turn the corner and especially not bend. Arms barely get to his waist, length may be an issue. Goes to the ground when attempting to deliver the final blow. Struggles on an island.
							
2013	Iso Sofele	2540002	RB	California	Many college football stars have parents that pushed them to make the most of their natural ability, with the hope they would become athletic stars while gaining their college degree. Sofele?s father, HuiHui, was no different. He emigrated from Tonga as a teenager and was an excellent athlete as a young man, but family obligations kept him from reaching the dream of going to college ? something he swore would not happen to his children. The work ethic and natural athletic ability he provided Isi (and his seven siblings) paid off with a college scholarship ? and could also help him become at least a valued rotational back, if not a starter, in the NFL.	Compactly-built back who runs tough for his size. Works hard between the tackles, often falls forward. Presses the line, attacks an open lane or makes decisive cuts to kick outside or head upfield. Spins out of tackles in the backfield and downfield, shows good balance to stay upright after contact. Finishes runs, extends his arm to hold off or shake off high tackle attempts. Will lower his shoulder to get extra yards on the sideline instead of running out of bounds. Gives effort in pass pro, throws shoulder into a double-team, stands up to defenders with a solid base and will finish the play.
								Not elite in any area of his game. Lacks great lower-body strength to explode out of cuts, push the pile, or bull through strong tackle attempts. Does not possess an elite burst through the hole or a second gear in the open field to take away angles. Ball security has been an issue, fumbled eight times in 2011. Not used out of the backfield often, must prove he has the hands to be a factor there. Lacks the anchor to hold up against strong pass rushers in pass protection.
							
2013	Damion Square	2540003	DE	Alabama	Square has gone from young apprentice behind the likes of Marcell Dareus and Terrence Cody is now a senior leader, playing strong whether lined up inside or outside on the Tide?s ultra-talented defensive line. His career didn?t start off that well, as he tore his right ACL in the second game of 2009. Square came back to play in every game the next season, however, even getting into the starting lineup six times (27 tackles, seven for loss, three sacks). The departure of Dareus from the front line gave Square even more responsibility as a junior; he started all 13 games, making 32 stops, seven for loss and a sack for the BCS champions. In 2012, Square once again started in all 13 games. He made 33 tackles, four of them for loss, and also notched 3.5 sacks, one fumble recovery, and one pass defended.	Plays from a variety of spots: three technique, defensive end in a four man front, and even some nose tackle on obvious passing downs. Frequently attempts to latch, pull, and swim to release. Flashes strength to shove the opposition to the side in pass protection. Attempts to jump in the throwing lane to knock down passes. Best gift if motor to clean up and finish the play. Stout upper body. Low pad level is another plus.
								Needs to add weight to play inside in 3-4 system. Lacks a real burst off the line when crashing down the line of scrimmage. Lacks adequete quickness to consistently pentrate. Even when strength allows some separation, he lacks the foot speed to make the most of it. Does not use hands to fight cut blocks, completely immobilized by them. Plays like short arms are an issue, lacks the ability to press. Base appears narrow and lacks strength to match upper body. Struggles to locate ball carrier with press and then to shed at the point of attack. Lacks a real position or true fit.
							
2013	Montel Harris	2540004	RB	Temple	It?s difficult to imagine a player setting his college?s career record for rushing despite missing several games due to injury and without finishing his career at that institution, but Harris has already managed that feat. He rushed for more yardage than anyone else in Boston College?s storied history before being dismissed in May 2012 for repeatedly violating team rules. Temple coaches decided to bring him on board for his final season.	Productive, solidly-built back with enough power and quickness to succeed as a reliable back-up runner. Displays some lateral agility and a stiff arm to avoid tacklers in the hole or sidestep to either side of his lead blocker. Also possesses enough acceleration to get into openings to consistently move the chains. Works through trash with churning legs, regularly runs by arm tackles and falls forward for additional yards after contact. Flashes as a receiver out of the backfield, reliable on swing passes and coming over the middle to test linebackers in space.
								One-speed back without the open-field burst to be a breakaway threat or the quickness to turn the corner if the inside hole is filled. Also lacks great lower body strength to power inside. Lacks elite elusiveness to avoid better tacklers, will lose his balance when cutting between the tackles or outside. Cutback ability and vision are only adequate. Had leg injuries throughout the end of his career at Boston College, also transferred from there for repeated violations of team rules. Not physical in pass protection, resorts to cut blocks and gives a cursory shoulder effort chipping.
							
2013	Marlon Brown	2540005	WR	Georgia	Brown was one of the top receiver recruits in the country coming out of Memphis, drawing the interest of many schools after winning Tennessee?s Mr. Football award for 2008 (accumulated 1,785 all-purpose yards, 19 TD as a senior). Also played basketball in high school and was named to the 2008 Tennessee Sports Writers Association Division 2-A All-State Team.	Tall, strong pass-catcher with potential. Was used inside to create mismatches with his height, but also to take advantage of his surprising foot quickness to get off the line and making cuts. Possesses size, strength and stride to be a vertical threat on the outside, as well. Presents a big target over the middle with his frame and catch radius. Snatches the ball in front of his frame and can adjust for high and wide throws adeptly. Red zone weapon. Comes back for the ball when the quarterback scrambles. Works hard after the catch, uses length to stiff-arm defensive backs trying to make a tackle. Willing run blocker who chases down targets and uses his length and agility to sustain downfield.
								Has had injury and consistency issues throughout his career. Loses concentration on easier throws when trying to make a play before securing the ball. Straight-line speed is a question mark. Must prove he can use his hands to beat NFL defenders in press whether lined up outside or inside, as well as extend his arms to gain separation downfield. Long legs allow him to be tripped up in space and gives defenders a lot of area to tackle in tight quarters.
							
2013	Alonzo Highsmith	2540006	OLB	Arkansas	Football fans see Highsmith?s name and assume he?s had an easy road to the SEC because of his father of the same name, who excelled as a running back at Miami before playing seven seasons in the NFL, and is currently a scouting executive with the Green Bay Packers. But he had a rough road on his way to success, which should make him a more respected player among scouts, who could give him late-round grades as reserve and special teams contributor ? maybe more, if his past work ethic is any indicator of his future success.	Presents long arms and thick thighs for the position. Scrapes through trash to the ball, using his hands and general agility to feel his way and hold off oncoming blockers. Hustles to the sideline when needed. Strong and long arms allow him to secure ballcarriers in tight quarters. Flashes closing speed to the quarterback on late blitzes to force a decision. Generally doesn?t overrun plays, can get back a step to get involved on cutbacks. Gives good effort in underneath or flat coverage, works hard to reach the ball to prevent big plays after the catch.
								Possesses average size and overall speed, might be an inside/outside ?tweener to some teams. Reads his keys but will lose the ball on misdirection/play-action and takes time to recover. Quicker backs stop his feet and elude him in the backfield. Must prove he has the agility to drop deep in a hurry to be a factor in zones, as well as the ability to make the interception when the opportunity arises.
							
2013	Jonathan Stewart	2540007	ILB	Texas A&M	Stewart was one of the top linebacker recruits in the country coming out of Byrd High School in Shreveport, La., choosing Texas A&M over Alabama, Tennessee, Notre Dame, Cal and Michigan. As a true freshman Stewart made a big impact, seeing action in all 13 games while starting seven at outside linebacker. During that 2009 season, he managed 28 total tackles, including one tackle for loss, one pass breakup and one quarterback hurry. 	Tall interior presence. Rarely has difficulties locating the ball carrier and recognizing if the play is run or pass due to height. Utilizes short hops along the second level to strafe and stick with lateral runners inside the tackle box. Flashes uncharacteristic straight-line speed when blitzing, closing quickly and only leaving his zone if the pass rushing lane is wide open. Delivers a big blow when left unblocked, punishing the offense for allowing a free tackle.
								Arm length appears to be disproportionately short and it shows when tangled with blockers. Fails to consistently fit, press, and disengage to make tackles. Biggest downfall is a hesitant nature. Refuses to meet the ball carrier at the line of scrimmage even in a clear running lane. Prefers to wait and dive at ball carrier?s ankles three yards downfield. Does attempt to wrap up the opposition?s lower half, but diving is caused by a lack of anticipation, especially against quick twitch runners. Nothing sudden about his play other than straight-line blitzing.
							
2013	David King	2540008	DE	Oklahoma	When you?re a 6-foot-5, 285-pound defensive lineman in today?s game, NFL scouts might refer to you as a ?tweener?, or a player who doesn?t quite have a position fit at the next level. But if there?s enough talent in that prospect, he can turn that into a positive ? becoming a valued swing player capable of starting outside to stop the run, moving inside in obvious passing situations to provide quickness, and even projecting as a five-technique in a three-man front. King is working hard to present himself in that manner.	Athletic, versatile lineman who has played inside and outside for the Sooners. Holds the edge well in the run game, knows his responsibilities outside, potentially giving him a chance at strong-side end. Can two-gap effectively, has upper-body strength to violently punch to get off blocks in either direction. Flashes some initial quickness off the snap, uses his length to pressure outside shoulders of tackles. Most effective as a pass rusher inside, using his length and quickness to at least challenge college guards. Keeps his eye on the quarterback during his rush, will get his hands up in passing lanes. Occasionally shows the hustle down the line to wrap up ballcarriers from behind when unblocked.
								Might be seen as an outside-inside tweener at the next level. Has not made many plays during his career, mostly because his overall hustle and closing speed outside the box are average. Also inconsistent getting off blocks when really needing to make a play, whether lining up at tackle or end. Can be moved in the upper body when playing inside, gets his shoulders turned. Not an explosive pass rusher when outside, relies on strength and doesn?t get the corner regularly against better tackles. Runs tall, might lack the ability to change directions on containment responsibilities and to break down against quicker NFL running backs.
							
2013	Matt Stankiewitch	2540009	C	Penn St.	After the Jerry Sandusky sexual abuse trial, several players transferred from the Nittany Lions after the NCAA gave them the free reign to do so -? but not Stankiewitch. Alabama and several other major programs called looking to add him to their rosters, even as a fifth-year senior, but his allegiance to the school would not be shaken. That determination and interest from other schools are the best indicator of his toughness and talent, which will aid him at the next level.	Shows the ability to recover and reanchor when initially beaten. Aggressive on that first contact, shoulders even go over toes in the hopes of jolting. Is a hard worker to regain seal if blocking position is lost. Rarely out of the battle because of consistent grip and latch. Continues to readjust hand placement even when being driven back. Really helps teammates when driving a shoulder on a double team. Motor constantly runs.
								Will go to the ground against powerful, or even average, slanting defensive linemen. Defenders will slip off his blocks in pass protection. Tight hips take away from mirroring skills, bends at the waist on one-on-one blocks. Fidgety while getting to second level, lacks anticipation to consistently hit linebackers. Finds himself on the ground too often.
							
2013	Jared Smith	2540010	DT	New Hampshire	Even though the Colonial Athletic Association isn?t in the Football Bowl Subdivision, NFL scouts know to hit the conference?s schools hard in their travel schedule. Three or four players from the CAA are picked every year, including guys like quarterback Joe Flacco (Delaware), running back Tim Hightower (Richmond), cornerback Derek Cox (William & Mary), offensive tackle Jermon Bushrod (Towson State), and wide receiver Marques Colston (from the now-defunct Hofstra program), among many others. Smith?s game compares favorably to Sean Lissemore, who was a seventh-round pick of the Dallas Cowboys three years ago out of William & Mary, so it?s no surprise he?s caught the eye of scouts.	Hustling five-technique prospect who spends a lot of time on the other side of the line. Continually works to the quarterback as long as the ball is in the pocket, also chases passers to the sideline if needed. Comes off the snap hard and low, usually gets his arms extended quickly to gain leverage. Can take out the shoulder of his man when playing one-gap, as well as hold his ground in two-gap alignments. Good backfield awareness, can shed to either side to attack ballcarriers coming through the hole or hustle towards the play down the line. 
								Average athlete who lacks great closing speed to make plays in the backfield or chase down backs outside the box. Ends up leaving his feet to try to grab quicker ballcarriers. Will turn his shoulders on occasion at the line, causing him to lose ground. Doesn?t have elite bulk for an inside player, stronger linemen can control him if he doesn?t get his arms extended.
							
2013	Chris Thompson	2540011	RB	Florida St.	In early October of 2011, it looked as though Thompson?s football career could be over. After struggling with back pain in the spring and fall camp, he took a hit that broke two vertebrae in his back. But he rehabbed diligently over the next several months, somehow making his way back to the field for the start of the 2012 season. That sort of toughness, added to his sprinter?s speed, makes Thompson a potential late-round pick as a change of pace back and return specialist in the NFL ? if he stays healthy.	Dangerous runner/receiver combination in the backfield able to make the big play. Comfortable behind a fullback in I-formation, follows off tackle the cuts back inside. Capable swing pass receiver, looks the catch into hands, and utilizes a quick move to make a tackler miss in space. Definitely at his bets in the open field. Makes things happen if untouched at the second level, open footwork and makes tacklers miss with nice burst. Very patient on screen passes but tends to drift to the sideline. If the lane is there, he is a very decisive runner. Gives good effort when attempting to pickup blitzer, dives at inside leg.
								Lacks the size to be a bellcow NFL back, and has had problems staying healthy. Carries the ball in the wrong arm too often. First contact usually brings him down, loses footing and upended. Will not always get back to the line of scrimmage when contacted in the backfield. Small and lean frame. Can attempt too many moves in space. Runs like a receiver, striding instead of being efficient with his footwork. Can?t sustain in pass protection or mirror. Takes some really big hits, could be due to his upright stance. Has the most problems when initial line is stopped at the line of scrimmage. Has difficulties creating without some space first.
							
2013	Orhian Johnson	2540012	SS	Ohio St.	Johnson came to Ohio State after participating in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl and earning Class 4A All-State accolades as a quarterback at Boca Ciega High School in St. Petersburg, Florida. His physical attributes and previous work at safety, however, caused coaches to move him to that position right away. Though he?s been in and out of the starting line-up over the past couple of seasons, putting it all together in 2012 could cause him to earn draftable grades from multiple NFL teams.	NFL-sized safety with a strong upper body and nice length to wrap up ballcarriers in space. Breaks down to avoid getting eluded by most backs and receivers around the line. Often used against slot receivers, uses his physical nature to negate them within the five-yard area. Can knock away passes with his long arms inside to prevent completions, also has good enough ball skills to extend away from his frame to grab jump balls. Effective watching the quarterback in zone coverage, can break on throws and make the play. Length and strength also helps him hold off receiver blocks in the run game at times, and he?s willing to add himself into the action in the box. Can be an intimidating presence on plays in front of him, bringing his shoulder with bad intentions. Has enough athleticism and solid tackling ability to contribute on special teams coverage units. 
								Size and somewhat stiff hips might limit his man-cover ability at the next level despite his success in the slot in college. Backpedal is lacking, stays high when moving backwards, takes time to transition and thus giving up receptions. Will need to prove his turn-and-run ability downfield, as well. Gets grabby when facing quicker receivers, will draw flags unless he improves his recovery speed and trusts his length to knock away passes. Does not always bring aggressiveness or use his length effectively against better receiver blocks outside, can be controlled so ballcarriers get around him. 
							
2013	Will Compton	2540013	ILB	Nebraska	At one time, Nebraska was known for its running backs. But with all due respect to former Husker and current Washington Redskins back Roy Helu, Jr., NFL teams have been more interested in the team?s defensive prospects ? especially linebackers. Only four colleges had more second-level defenders drafted in the last ten years than Nebraska. And though Compton won?t be picked as high as year?s coveted NU linebacker, Tampa Bay second-round pick Lavonte David, he?ll be a solid inside defender and contributor on special teams.	Active, intelligent leader of the defense who makes the call and directs traffic throughout the game. Stands tough against offensive lineman blocks in the box given his size, and flashes the hands to disengage to make stops in the hole. Has no fear filling a gap whether to take on a fullback or eat space on a zone run until the ballcarrier arrives. Hustles to the ball downfield, in the box, or as a blitzer, solid wrap-up tackler who gives full effort on every play. Aware zone pass defender, has enough quickness to drop to the first-down marker, stay with tight ends down the middle, and find targets to make hits and prevent yards after the catch. Sniffs out screens and has the quickness to reach and drag down the back.
								Average overall physical stature and athleticism for a linebacker prospect. Doesn?t bring much power to his tackles and doesn?t possess the closing speed to chase down quicker ballcarriers. Will overrun stretch plays and lacks the change of direction to do more than grab a piece of better backs cutting against the grain. Fails to break down quickly at times when attacking ballcarriers in space. Inconsistent finding the ball in traffic, loses sight of misdirection plays. Lack of size causes him problems getting off better blocks inside. Does not have great hands for the interception, will drop strong-but-catchable passes in his frame.
							
2013	Braden Hansen	2540014	OG	BYU	Like most prospects coming out of Brigham Young University, Hansen is married and a couple of years older than the typical prospect because he served a two-year Mormon mission. And BYU offensive linemen really haven?t lit the league on fire recently, with 1999 first-round pick John Tait the only real success story over the past 20 years. But Hansen?s durability and strength would make him a solid interior offensive line prospect worth a Saturday draft pick no matter his age or where he chose to matriculate.	Tall guard prospect with bulk in the middle and fair overall strength. Anchors against power rushes and keeps leaning on his man throughout the play. Moves his feet well enough to pull as well as get correct blocking angles after engaging. Combos to linebackers in the box well, also picks up twists from either direction. Can approach second-level targets and use his length to push them out of plays. Size and length Effective cut blocker with his size and ability to get down quickly. Works hard to keep his hands inside and maintain balance as his man is trying to shed.
								Average overall athleticism. Height causes him to lean and bend at the waist to sustain blocks against better defenders. Recovery ability after stopping his feet is lacking, though he will give effort. Longer, stronger linemen pop off his blocks quickly and beat him to the ball. Only adequate speed out of a three-point stance and getting his hands into his man. Linebackers can out-quick him at the second level.
							
2013	Dan Conroy	2540015	K	Michigan St.	No matter how tempting a scholarship offer can be, the chance for a high school recruit to play for his favorite college football team can be too precious to pass up. Conroy?s passion for his father?s alma mater pushed him to East Lansing instead of taking Western Michigan?s full ride ?- and so far it?s worked out well for both parties. Now NFL scouts are looking at Conroy as a potential kicker for Sundays, if he can continue to show the leg strength and accuracy needed to perform that role.	Solid leg strength as a field goal kicker, has 50-52 yard range when in rhythm. Has a consistent approach and attacks the ball, usually getting good trajectory and rotation off his foot to send shorter kicks over the goal posts. Does not get rattled by poor snaps, stays with the kick to complete it. Capable of pulling kicks across his body with due to wide college hashmark angles. Most misses are slight, accuracy should be improved with more straight-on kicks at the next level. Competitor who welcomes the chance to make kicks to tie or win games. 
								Average size and strength for the position. Does not kick off for the Spartans, might not have elite leg strength to consistently prevent returns in the NFL or connect on 55-60 yard field goal attempts. Could speed up the start of his approach a bit, though if he rushes his kicks his trajectory lessens and accuracy suffers greatly. 
							
2013	Demetrius Hartsfield	2540016	OLB	Maryland	Hartsfield often plays like an uncaged beast, but that?s by design. With all due respect to the turtle that his school uses for a mascot, Hartsfield has a fascination with tigers and other wild animals, even having a large tattoo inked of a tiger jumping out of his chest. He plays with the intensity of the jungle cat, adding versatility to play inside or outside to his toolbox, which makes him a potential steal in the middle rounds of the draft as a swing linebacker capable of stepping in at multiple positions.	Solidly-built, athletic linebacker who is used all over the field, including as a pass rushing linebacker in a three man front and inside linebacker in nickel situations. Able to trail and shadow running back going to the flat from inside linebacker spot. When he chooses to, offers a nice chest press with length. Recognizes screens and looks to attack a lead blocker. Lots of movement presnap, free to roam the second level. Looks to wrap up ball carrier rather than leading with shoulder.
								Does not use length on first contact off the edge consistently. Needs to attack awaiting blocker when blitzing, instead tends to tip toe. Gets lost in misdirection, specifically has difficulties locating the football. Lacks suddenness, stares into the backfield in pass coverage and long strides prevent him from staying with quick moves. Just there in underneath coverage, nothing flashy. Allows blocker into his chest too often and even results in hugging the opposition at times. 
							
2013	Dylan Breeding	2540017	P	Arkansas	Breeding was an all-state punter for the well-known Hoover, Alabama program, and earning playing time in 12 games as a true freshman in 2009, averaging 38.7 yards a kick with 14 kicks finishing inside the 20-yard line against just two touchbacks. Breeding stepped up his gross average (42.5) in 2010, while 18 of his 52 punts finished inside the 20 (with six touchbacks). He received a scholarship before the 2011 season, and didn?t let up; SEC coaches and media voted him second-team all-conference after he ranked seventh in the FBS in gross average (45.3) and only had three touchbacks in 53 boots (16 inside the 20). Breeding also forced 48 fair catches over his first three years, showing off good hang time. Breeding was once again named second-team all-conference after his senior year, where he averaged 45.58 yards per punt, which was sixth best in the NCAA.	Solid NFL-caliber leg, capable of 60-yard boomers that turn over. Quick approach, two or 2.5-steps, usually under 1.2 seconds. Changes delivery speed based on pressure, can get the ball off quickly if needed or slow down a bit for maximum length when he senses a return on. Adjusts to poor snaps quickly, can go up or down to grab them and still get the kick away. Pooch punts are consistently 4.6-4.7 seconds, forcing fair catches and making it easy for coverage to get underneath.
								Average height and athleticism for the position. Hangtime on distance kicks is usually adequate, but NFL returners might return more of his 50-yard kicks that have 3.8-3.9 seconds of air. Landings on punts near the goal line are hard, some bounce straight up and others skip along the ground.
							
2013	Ryan Aplin	2540018	QB	Arkansas State	Aplin is popular among his teammates but his sister, Carlye, truly owns the hearts of many of the Red Wolves players. She suffers from Smith Magenis Syndrome (missing piece in one of the arm chromosomes), which causes dysmorphic features and self-injurious and/or random behavior patterns, but has taken in like a sister by several of Aplin?s teammates whether they?re visiting his Tampa home or she?s on campus. Though she?s entering high school as a special needs student and probably will never live away from home or drive, her trials and tribulations doubtlessly help Aplin?s drive on the field and attitude off it. Though not possessing elite size or arm talent, his mobility and toughness will gain him fans among general managers looking for a tough backup candidate in the late rounds.	Has the velocity to make majority of the throws, and best pass may be vertical route that leads the receiver in stride. Best trait is mobility, able to evade pressure at any position of the pocket. Frequently attempts to pump fake to forced defenders to bite. Does not mind throwing while on the move, usually squares shoulders while doing so. If first read is going to be open over the middle, doesn?t mind throwing into interior pressure. Consistent ball carrier, shoulders over toes when running into trash.
								Average size, at best, for a professional quarterback. Odd motion and release, never fully extends arm. May be the reason for the sporadic placement on short, intermediate, and downfield targets. Not enough touch on his passes. Most of those placement issues are to targets moving laterally. Predominately a one-read passer, tucks and runs when that target is not available. Drops his eye level on incoming rushers far too often. Allows drop step momentum to force him fall off throws. Accuracy and effectiveness when throwing between the hashes as opposed to out of it is drastic. The latter is much worse.
							
2013	Jordan Cowart	2540019	LS	Notre Dame	Most high school long snappers don?t get to continue their special relationship with a punter at the collegiate level. Notre Dame decided to pick up Cowart and Ben Turk from St. Thomas Aquinas High School in Florida after they helped the Raiders win two state titles, however, maintaining a connection serving the Irish well over the past four years.	Reliable snapper for punts and field goal attempts with a smooth, one-motion delivery. Flashes an NFL-quality spiral and velocity to complete the punt snap in the 0.70-second range and the placement snap in half that time. Generally accurate in his placement of the snap in the hands of his punter. 
								Smaller than most teams prefer for the position, will need to prove himself in blocking against NFL special teams units. Will lose some velocity and force his punter to move to either side to bring in his snap on occasion. Average speed downfield and has few coverage tackles in his career, must show he can stay in his lane against tough blocks and corral or slow down pro returners downfield.
							
2013	Theo Riddick	2540020	RB	Notre Dame	Sometimes versatility is a curse as well as a blessing. Riddick came to Notre Dame in a time where the team had more impact running backs than receivers, so coaches moved him outside for his sophomore and junior seasons to take advantage of his athleticism in the slot. But as a senior, the team allowed him  to spend more time at his more natural position of running back.	Slasher with some open-field speed. Flashes a strong cut and acceleration to get through a hole. Has value as a receiver out of the backfield with his experience as a slot man. Freezes linebacker with his wiggle in his route, can adjust to poor throws to bring them in. Willing to lower his pads and lean for the extra yard in short-yardage situations, also not afraid to bring his shoulder or step through a would-be tackler. Runs behind his pads, and keeps his legs churning when hit. Finds a defensive lineman to chip via a thrown shoulder in pass protection.
								Longer legs and leaner overall build than many teams prefer in a tailback. Upright runner who doesn?t tuck the ball away in the open field. Gets himself off-balance with too much dancing in space. Stands up to blitzers in pass protection but won?t anchor against stronger linebackers.
							
2013	James Vandenberg	2540021	QB	Iowa	University of Iowa fans finally got to see one of their native sons take the reins of the Hawkeyes in 2011, as Vandenberg became the first Iowan in more than a decade to start for the Black and Gold on opening weekend (2001, Kyle McCann). His first season at the helm was not as successful as was hoped (7-6, with a 31-14 loss to Oklahoma in the Insight Bowl).	Arm motion is really top to bottom, almost in an exaggerated way. That throwing style is consistent. Best on intermediate routes between the numbers and hashes. Carries play fake through draw. Flashes as a rhythm passer, especially over the middle of the field if routes are in his line of vision. Holds the ball high in the pocket. Waits on the checkdown when given time to survey downfield coverage.
								Does not always set footwork, even on three step drops. Lacks composure to work through progressions, appears to lock on to a receiver and overthrows if they do not separate. Gets happy feet when that first read is not there, attempts to reset but those throws are consistently poor. Placement is not good despite consistent motion. Rarely puts touch on his passes, makes one-speed throws. Ducks when facing interior pressure at the release point. Tends to sail outside breaking routes rather than leading receiver. 
							
2013	Nick Clancy	2540022	ILB	Boston College	Clancy has one of the toughest jobs in college football in 2012?filling the shoes of former BC middle linebacker and top ten NFL draft pick Luke Kuechly. Even though Clancy is older than Kuechly, by the time the Carolina Panthers? ninth overall pick left Chestnut Hill, he was the student learning from the master in terms of physical and mental preparation. Clancy might not be as athletic as his former teammate, but if he produces within any measure of the NCAA?s leading tackler in 2011 after three seasons as a reserve outside linebacker, scouts will be considering him a draftable prospect.	Tough interior linebacker who hustles from sideline-to-sideline whether playing the run or pass. Finds the ball in traffic, slides between blockers to get to the running back. Stops backs cold when meeting them in the hole, drops his hips and anchors to secure the stop. Flashes the ability to punch off linemen blocks in the box. Aware defender and secure tackler in zone, knocks receivers off their route. Strong holding up the interior on coverage units, should be solid in lane responsibility covering kicks, as well.
								Average lower-body strength for the position, will lose the leverage battle against bigger players. Plays with high pad level, lacks great agility and speed in coverage due to average hip fluidity. Takes time to change direction in the open field, drop into a deep zone, and needs help to get to the ball once losing the angle. Not much of a factor in the backfield, average closing speed prevents him from reaching more elusive ballcarriers even if the lane is open. 
							
2013	Carson Tinker	2540023	LS	Alabama	The lives of many members of the Alabama football squad were affected by the April 2011 tornado going through Tuscaloosa, but few as personally as Tinker. He and his girlfriend, Ashley, were thrown from the closet inside his house, and she did not survive. Tinker accepted the Disney Spirit Award months later on behalf of the team?s efforts around the community following the disaster, still with a heavy heart.	Strong, efficient delivery without a hitch or any other extra movement. Typically right on the money with his accuracy, hitting the torso with minimal lateral movement by the receptor. Holds up to bullish rushes despite his lack of size. Gives very good effort to cover punts, maintains his lane to prevent a hole in the middle.
								Below-average height for the position, carries some extra weight in the middle in order to build some bulk to his smaller frame. Velocity is only adequate, some 15-yard snaps can take 0.8 seconds or more to reach its target; might have room to improve there. Lacks great speed when running downfield in coverage. 
							
2013	Jarvis Jones	2540137	OLB	Georgia	Despite earning many All-American honors as a high school star in Columbus, Ga., Jones initially took his game to Southern California to play for Trojans head coach Pete Carroll. Unfortunately, a neck injury suffered in his eighth game as a true freshman (13 tackles, 1.5 for loss) sidelined him for the rest of the year.  Then Carroll left for the NFL after the season, and new coach Lane Kiffin and his staff weren?t sure Jones should suit up for them again. Doctors at the University of Georgia felt differently from those at USC about Jones? neck, clearing him to play and clearing the way for him to transfer back home ? much to the dismay of opposing offenses.	Versatile linebacker with a chance to play inside or outside. Possesses a very good first step to pressure tackles? upfield shoulder. Also has closing speed to finish the deal and short-area quickness to keep contain outside and crash down on inside runs. Strong tackler with excellent length and upper-body strength to wrap up ball carriers. Gets under the pads of tackles, keeps his feet churning, to maintain leverage whether holding the edge or bulling his man backwards. Brings heavy hands, can rip off to get around the edge or cut inside to stop quarterbacks from stepping up in the pocket. Works through double-teams if the quarterback hangs onto the ball in the pocket. Holds his ground against pulling guards and fullbacks. Capable of locking up tight ends off the edge in coverage, also sorts out multiple routes in his direction to make a play on the correct one. Gets his hands up to affect passing lanes.
								One-year starter. Inconsistent using his hands to disengage from better blocks and to beat cut blocks from running backs in pass pro. Lacks an ideal frame to get much bigger and doesn?t have the growth potential to the bulk teams want at the position. Will need to prove he can stay with NFL ball carriers in space when dropping into the flat. Not particularly smooth in deep drops. Doesn?t have elite bend around the corner, and could use a spin or other counter move to keep tackles guessing. Missed the last five games of the 2009 with a neck injury, part of his senior year in high school with a broken thumb. There is some concern about his long-term durability due to his spinal stenosis condition, the same ailment that has caused some players to call it quits, including Marcus McNeill, Chris Samuels and Michael Irvin.
							
2013	Damontre Moore	2540138	DE	Texas A&M	Ever since Moore appeared in College Station, he?s shown great potential. In fact, even when Von Miller was making plays for the Aggies on his way to being selected No. 2 overall by Denver in the 2011 draft, it was easy to see that "DaMonster," as his teammates call him, would help veteran linebacker Sean Porter pick up the slack when the Butkus Award winner moved on to the next level. His experience at both 3-4 rush linebacker and 4-3 defensive end (a move coming after Kevin Sumlin took over for the fired Mike Sherman in 2012) makes his combination of strength and athleticism even more enticing for teams looking to harass opposing quarterbacks. 	Tall rush end/linebacker hybrid with nice length and a frame still not maxed out. Has played in a stand-up and hand-down role and threatens quarterbacks from either side of the line. Good snap anticipation and initial quickness to threaten the edge. Flashes the punch and arm extension to bull tackles backwards. Possesses the ability to flatten down the line as a pass rusher. Shows the flexibility to bend the edge as a pass rusher and get skinny and reduce his surface area through creases on the inside. Good second effort even when beaten with initial hand play, can close on quarterbacks and running backs coming to his side and he chases from the back side. Presents good bend for his size in a three-point stance. Length and increased upper-body strength helps him reach ball carriers and pop/drag them down with authority. Excellent at inside stunts and slant. Quickness helps him win the B-gap even when lined up outside the tackle, also helps him get to the sideline to chase down ball carriers. Tight ends have little chance of handling his rip move on the outside. Moves well when standing up, has the change of direction ability to contain on his side, handle himself against tight ends off the line and in short zone coverage as a 3-4 ?backer. Breaks down and drops his drops to stone backs in the hole or catch them if they try to elude him. Anchors against linemen in the run game, holds the edge adeptly. Excellent upside.
								Hand usage should improve with time, will allow better tackles to get their punch inside at times to knock him back a bit. Can play high, failing to anchor and getting knocked aside or to the ground by stronger linemen, especially when moving laterally. Still learning to use his flexibility to turn the corner consistently, and needs to use his spin move (and keep his balance during it) to prevent getting taken outside the pocket too often. More of a coordinated and fluid athlete than a downright explosive one. Doesn?t like to hold his ground and set the edge on runs at him, preferring to run himself upfield or dance around the block. A lot of his production and success came from slanting inside, is he a consistent edge threat?
							
2013	Luke Joeckel	2540139	OT	Texas A&M	Early in their careers, A&M right tackle Jake Matthews got more publicity as the son of NFL Hall of Fame offensive lineman Bruce Matthews (and would have been highly valued by NFL scouts had he decided to leave school early). However, Joeckel is the one who received second-team All-Big 12 honors from league coaches after a strong 2011 season. 	Technically-sound left tackle prospect. Plays with good bend and a very wide base in pass protection in spite of his long legs. Moves feet quickly and stays in balance, rarely giving up the edge and pulling off the down block/outside blitz pick-up admirably. Good timing and strength on his punch, possesses good hand placement and will reset them to maintain distance. Recovers quickly if his misses his punch, stays on his man. Gets after his man in the run game, has foot quickness to get correct angle and keeps them moving to sustain the block. Good power step inside to choke off inside spin moves. Capable cut-blocker. Excellent athleticism and foot speed, showing the ability to mirror and stay in front of many talented pass rushers over his three years starting.
								Does not possess elite upper or lower-body strength; only adequate as a drive-blocker and can be pushed back by better defensive ends and shed in the run game. Foot quickness is good, but does not execute the reach block as often as you?d like. Overextends his punch on occasion, vulnerable to a rip move outside or spin inside. Played exclusively in a two-point stance and can get caught playing upright. Due to Manziel?s ability to break the pocket and scramble, did not frequently face pass rushers that challenged him hard upfield.
							
2013	Barkevious Mingo	2540140	DE	LSU	Mingo?s long, lean frame sticks out to fans and scouts alike, almost as much as his unusual name. His svelte build was one reason his mother (who combined her name, Barbara, with the name Kevious to make his unusual moniker) did not want him or his two brothers playing football. But his athleticism and height eventually got him on the gridiron as a high school junior ?- and he proved too productive wherever he lined up to be taken off the field. 	Tall, long and explosive pass rusher who projects best as a stand-up, weakside edge rusher in the NFL. Incredible first step off the snap, can turn the corner on the outside and shimmy inside against leaning tackles. Not a contact-shy player despite his slight build, often lines up on the strong side and/or inside of tight ends in a tight alignment. Strong player setting the edge against the run. Willing to take on tackles man-up, extends his arms to keep distance and can get off to grab backs trying to get through the hole. Takes tight ends backwards into the background using his length and foot work. Works through blocks to get down the line to chase plays. Overall agility and length make him effective in coverage, can stay with running backs out of the backfield and wrap up receivers in space. Excellent straight-line speed shows when chasing down plays from behind. Uses his length and jumping ability to knock down passes if unable to reach the quarterback.
								Very lean player, likely too thin in the hips to grow into an every-down defensive end. Needs to shed more consistently to prevent plays from getting outside of him. Long legs get in his way at times when trying to change directions quickly. Often gets too focused on scrapping with his blocker instead of getting his eyes in the backfield to find the ball. Did not progress in terms of pass rush moves during his career. Great player off the snap of the ball, but too often allows the offensive tackle to recover because he lacks a move to disengage.
							
2013	Bjoern Werner	2540141	DE	Florida St.	As a sophomore high school exchange student from Germany, Werner wowed his Salisbury (Conn.) teammates and coaches by racking up 12 sacks in eight games. He missed his home country, however, so he moved back to Berlin -? but kept his mind on the game by playing on a national team. Colleges were very happy he returned to Salisbury for his senior season; Florida State and its then-new head coach Jimbo Fisher eventually won the battle to secure his services (over Chip Kelly and Oregon).	Flexible athlete with the natural bend to dip and contort his body to get under or around blocks. Shows excellent snap anticipation and fires out of his stance, playing fast and hard with very good quickness off the edge. Projects as a strong-side 4-3 end who can play the run well and get pressure on the quarterback. Possesses very good quickness off the snap for his size and flashes some shimmy to get the inside lane. Finds the ball well and uses active hands to rip past tackles after initial contact. Brings power to his punch, can bull his man toward the quarterback with leverage. Swallows running backs after shedding his man in the run game, has athleticism to make tackles in space. Stacks and sheds well, sets the edge and works off blocks to make stops in the run game. Times jumps well to knock down passes if unable to get to the quarterback, also looks comfortable making plays in coverage (18 career passes defended).
								Lacks elite length for the position and doesn?t have the natural start/stop explosion of some pass rushers. Pops straight up out of his stance at times, losing strength at the point of attack, and is inconsistent turning the corner as a pass rusher. Usually looks for misdirection when unblocked but loses contain when getting caught up in pulling guards instead of keeping outside leverage. Motor tends to run hot/cold at times, especially late in games or if the play isn?t to his side of the field. Needs to consistently finish when he gets his hands on the ball carrier. Has a history of several minor injuries, including a left hand issue that bothered him this past season.
							
2013	Sheldon Richardson	2540142	DT	Missouri	Richardson could have gone anywhere to play major college football after his stint at the College of the Sequoias, as he was one of the top junior college prospects in the country even with missing all but two games of the 2010 season there because of a wrist injury. But the former star player at St. Louis? Gateway Tech High School decided to return home instead of going to Southern California, Miami (Fla.), or an SEC power. 	Scouts like the light feet Richardson shows for his size, as he is able to twist inside and chase plays to the sideline with great speed. That agility, combined with his length, makes him a strong tackler in close quarters. Richardson?s first step off the snap, especially when lined up over the ball, is quite impressive; he gets into the backfield in a heartbeat, beating reach-blocks and will work his way through double-teams if he sees the ball in the quarterback?s hands. He plays with leverage at the point of attack at times despite his height, holding his ground and wrestling with attitude. Has enough athleticism that Missouri uses him as a standup rusher and to drop into short zone coverages over the middle of the field, where shows the ability to cover crossing receivers and tight ends in a short area
								Richardson can struggle to break down and his upper-body strength is not elite, which means his high pad level and failure to use his hands to shed blocks can allow him to get turned from the hole and taken to the ground once off-balance. He had surgery in the offseason to repair a shoulder injury, so he must show his strength has improved. A better player in pursuit than he is holding the point against the run, where he can struggle to anchor. Drag down lunging tackler that misses ball carriers in space.
							
2013	Alec Ogletree	2540143	ILB	Georgia	The twin brother of teammate (and fullback) Alexander Ogletree, Alec has made a splash during his time in the starting lineup for the Bulldogs with his big hits and momentum changing turnovers. However, Ogletree is less reliable off the field, as he was suspended for the first four games of the 2012 season for a violation of team rules. He will be considered one of the best athletes at his position, and that derives from Ogletree's history at the safety position, where he played as a freshman, even making five starts in 2010. Heading into his sophomore season, Ogletree continued to grow, and the coaching staff asked him to move to inside linebacker. That was until he suffered a broken right foot in the season opener against Boise State and missed the following six games. He returned to the field against Florida and went on to earn the team's David Jacobs Award as a player who, by example, portrays courage, spirit, character and determination. 	Has excellent speed for the position, can turn on the jets to chase plays down form behind. Beats blocks with hand quickness, plays the position like a safety with a chance to build a frame like a linebacker. That helps undercut blocks to make tackles for loss from behind. Can really hit when he wants to. Attacks blockers with authority. Best at closing on the edge, when running back looks to bounce outside or the quarterback scrambles out of the pocket. Flashes plays where he looks possessed, like nothing will stop him. Stick to running backs out of the backfield in coverage, even with a slip he has enough closing speed to be reliable in coverage. Attacks the football when tackling in the hopes of creating a fumble. Outstanding straight-line speed. Plays loose.
								Rarely uses hands to fight with blockers despite an aggressive mentality. Overruns a lot of plays between the tackles, struggles to recover. Has a lot of issues dealing with second level blocks from the offensive line, rarely can work over top of them, there winds up walled off. Run and chase player at this point, loses gap integrity with false or wasted steps. Dives or lunges for a lot of tackles rather than running through them and wrapping up. Mentality changes when attacking an offensive lineman compared to a running back.
							
2013	Taylor Lewan	2540144	OT	Michigan	NA	NA	NA
2013	Cordarrelle Patterson	2540145	WR	Tennessee	The road to Tennessee was not very glamorous for Cordarrelle Patterson (pronounced "CORE-dare-uhl"). After a solid 2008 high school season that put him on college teams' radars, Patterson did not play football in 2009 while at North Carolina Tech. In 2010, Patterson enrolled at Hutchinson Community College in Kansas, where he broke numerous school records and became the top ranked JUCO product in the nation. After choosing Tennessee, Patterson was expected to line up as the school's third receiver, but after fellow junior Da'Rick Rogers was dismissed from the team, the South Carolina native burst onto the scene immediately by beating NC State cornerback David Amerson multiple times during the 2012 season opener. From there, Patterson continued to make play after play, becoming the first NCAA player in four years to score a touchdown four different ways.	Easily separates on vertical routes when given a free release. Very few wasted steps on cuts. Very smooth in his breaks. Finds soft areas in zone coverage between corners and safeties. Looks to turn upfield immediately after the catch. Very good with slants, quick head fake out allows for inside release, strong step forward, body catches to prevent pass breakup while shielding corner. Flashes swiping inside arm bar away on back shoulder throws to allow for free turn. Frequently hauls in the difficult catches, especially when the defensive back is draped on him. Not afraid to hand fight all the way along the sideline on vertical routes to create a sliver of separation. Understands hot read recognition when the corner blitzes. Builds speed quickly after the catch, almost gliding when in stride. Good vision with the ball in his hands, cuts upfield when he sees a lane. Used occasionally at running back, has the speed and wiggle to beat defenders to the edge while utilizing hesitations moves. Very nimble on his feet, especially for size. Makes plays out of nothing when carrying the ball. Numerous natural qualities to his game.
								Consistently a body catcher, even when it is not necessary. Was not frequently asked to go up and get the football at its highest point. Large number of his snaps start while off the line of scrimmage, allows for a better release. Doesn't use his hands enough against a jam, tries to dip or side step rather than slap or push. Tends to throttle down in his breaks.Burst after the catch or return is only adequate but does accelerate quickly. Tries to do too much when the ball is in his hands at times. Dropped a few very catchable balls, including easy bucket throw over shoulder. Inconsistent blocking effort.
							
2013	Dee Milliner	2540146	CB	Alabama	Milliner?s accomplishments during the Tide?s march to the 2011 BCS Championship weren?t well-known across the country because of the star power surrounding him on defense. With Dre Kirkpatrick earning national honors at one cornerback spot and fellow All-Americans linebacker Dont?a Hightower and safety Mark Barron also getting selected in the first round of the 2012 draft, it?s easy to see why Milliner wasn?t a household name. Now that Kirkpatrick, Menzie, and Barron are off to the NFL, Milliner was forced to be a lynchpin as the veteran in Alabama?s secondary.	Owns sufficient height, length, and upper-body strength to fight with pro receivers over the middle or down the sideline. Capable of getting a solid punch at the line of scrimmage in press and the quick feet to stay with his man down the field after contact. Lines up receivers in the open field for the big hit. Displays the hip fluidity to open up to stay with deep routes or drop into his zone, while also possessing the foot quickness to stop-start on cut-off routes and on attempted double-moves. Very fluid hips, changes directions easily and clicks his feels to drive on the ball in a flash. Straight-line speed is also impressive, and will use it to hustle across the field when he?s uncovered. Also translates to closing speed when playing off his man or attacking plays in the backfield. Makes the easy interception, but also has the vertical and strong hands to win jump balls against larger receivers. Keeps outside leverage in the run game, forcing plays inside. Violent hand help him rip off receiver blocks. Knows defensive concepts, and playing for Saban gives him a huge step up in more advanced pattern-reading principles. Directs linebackers on combination coverage outside. Flashes the physicality to wrap up ball carriers and drive them to the ground.
								Stout running backs and physical receivers can run through his tackles, and he has a tendency to leave his feet and lunge. He should continue to get stronger, but needs to break down more consistently to get leverage. Dives at the feet of ballcarriers regularly, can be eluded in space. Doesn?t always land heavy hands on his man at the line of scrimmage when required, but his recovery speed usually makes up for it. Played on a loaded defense, pro quarterbacks will challenge his coverage at the next level. Like all Saban cornerbacks, he was not taught or asked to backpedal in college, and will need to develop new technique and footwork. Can lose track of the ball in the air and will mistime his plays on the ball.
							
2013	Johnathan Hankins	2540147	DT	Ohio St.	Similar to Vernon Gholston a few years back, Hankins was a three-star high school recruit out of Michigan who the Buckeyes lured to Columbus. His size, power, and athleticism made him a two-time all-state pick at Southeastern High School, but his hustle in combination with those physical attributes is what gives him a chance to be a first round prospect in much the same way Dan ?Big Daddy? Wilkinson was with the Buckeyes before he became the last defensive tackle selected No. 1 overall by the Cincinnati Bengals in 1994.	Nice job against the run, tracking the play with his eyes and using his body to force the issue. Taller nose tackle prospect with thick upper body and extra girth in the middle. Plays all over the line, often outside the tackle despite his build because of his rare agility. Extends to shrug off blocks and uses his hands to bully blockers, controlling the POA and setting the edge when playing outside. Has extremely strong hands to secure tackles and finish plays once he gets his hands on the ballcarrier. Comes off the ball hard and quick for his size, will win a gap and blow up plays in the backfield if linemen don?t get to the reach-block. Drives back NFL-caliber guards into the backfield and holds up doubles, does not give ground even against better players. Works down the line to get to ballcarriers while engaged, and hustles downfield and to the sideline if needed. Three-down player, on the field for a lot of snaps considering his bulk.
								Lacks the burst to be an elite pass rusher, though he can make quarterbacks uncomfortable in the pocket. Can play with high pads, giving better linemen a chance to stand him up. Relies too much on his upper body strength at times and needs to play with consistent leverage. He uses his body too much and needs to consistently utilize his hands and limbs. Must keep his weight under control to maximize his athleticism, and make sure he doesn?t lose his strength and hustle at the end of games. He tends to wear down throughout the course of a game, looking fatigued and noticeably taking plays off. Hankins battled a minor knee sprain the past two seasons, wearing a brace much of the time.
							
2013	Tyler Eifert	2540148	TE	Notre Dame	Some thought an average tight end class would push the tall, athletic Eifert into the 2012 draft as a redshirt sophomore. After all, it was the decision of Kyle Rudolph?s to leave a season early for the 2011 draft (he was picked in the second round by the Vikings) opened the door for Eifert to become a star. And while a freshman at quarterback hurt his production as a junior, he still led the team in receiving in 2012 with a team-best 50 catches for 685 yards and 4 touchdowns, winning the Mackey Award (Nation?s top TE). Eifert decided to skip his final season of eligibility and enter the 2013 NFL Draft.	Very tough in a crowd, showing strong hands to make contested catches and a physical demeanor to come down with the ball in tight spaces. Tall, lean frame. Lines up with his hand down, in an H-back role, in the slot and outside. Threatens the seam with his long strides off the snap, takes a lot of hits across the middle and bounces up. Nice job gaining position in coverage with very good footwork, taking pride in his routes and showing much improvement in this area. Elevates well to go up and attack the ball, just needs an opportunity and chances are he?ll come down with it ? very good at mid-air adjustments, making a lot of catches with his feet off the ground. Uses his height, length and strong hands to snatch passes out of the air. Flashes quick feet on out-cuts to be an effective safety valve. Fights through arm tackles to get extra yardage. Gets off the line effectively from a three-point stance, can shimmy past a defender near the line to get into his route. Gives effort as an in-line blocker, uses his length to hold off defensive ends, uses agility to get angle and create outside running lane. Also works hard to prevent defenders from reaching teammates downfield. Productive in his three seasons, leaving Notre Dame with just about every school receiving record for a TE including catches (140) and receiving yards (1,840).
								Lean receiver-like build. Does not play with consistent explosiveness and leverage when blocking in-line, will get pulled down by NFL ends and miss reach-blocks against quicker ends. Still growing as a blocker and needs to use better angles. Stronger linebackers will rip off his blocks and ride him off his route when he does not use his hands effectively. Allows throws into his body on occasion, will drop the ball when trying to run before securing.
							
2013	Sam Montgomery	2540149	DE	LSU	Montgomery lost his brother, John Darrel Adams, before playing his first football game in high school; Adams was shot in 2007 while working as a bouncer at a Columbia, South Carolina bar. Sam still uses the memories of playing ?Sonic the Hedgehog? with Adams as a motivating factor on the field, playing with a motor that never stops. 	Tall, long defensive end who plays on the weakside. Has growth potential to be a three-down player. Flashes quickness on the edge and some bend. Gets secondary rushes by pure hustle, comes off block if his man lets up after initial contact and closes quickly to the ball. Very good effort to ball carriers on the sideline whether lined up inside or outside. Holds his ground well in the run game, gaining leverage off the snap and rolling his hips through contact to move the blocker backwards. Fights for inside hand placement. Aggressive coming down the line and taking on kick-out blocks, spilling the ball carrier outside to help. Competitive player who doesn?t back down from challenges, will bull his way into bigger tackles to collapse the pocket.
								Goes off the offensive tackle?s movement instead of ball movement, making him late off the snap too often, whether standing up or playing with his hand down. Doesn?t exhibit much balance or flexibility, struggling to turn the corner consistently and getting pushed around the pocket. Better tackles can stone him on his first move, lacks a consistent counter move to get free. Does not run through tight ends when he has the size advantage. Did not show much progression between his sophomore and junior seasons. Played from a very tight alignment that helped masked his balance and flexibility issues, allowing him to get up and under tackles? pads quickly.
							
2013	Sharrif Floyd	2540150	DT	Florida	Floyd was a big-time high school recruit from Philadelphia, winning the 2009 Maxwell Football Club National High School Player of the Year and excelling in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl (two sacks). Like many other young players, Floyd struggled with a rough childhood (bouncing between multiple homes), before settling in Gainesville. In fact, Floyd?s school held a bake sale to help him pay for the trip to the All-American Bowl, and he also received additional funds from a third party to visit campuses during the recruiting process. 	Athletic three/five-technique prospect with solid overall strength. Possesses a quick and long first step when in pass rush mode, can swim over his opponent or get his hands up into his man?s jersey to push him into the backfield. Often lined up outside the tackle (even standing up) despite his size, showed quickness to rush the passer and quick feet to contain on the edge. Combines good effort and short-area agility for his size to chase plays across the field and get his long arms around ball carriers when closing in. Experience as a two-gapper, keeps his eyes in the backfield and sheds to either direction to grab running backs coming his direction. Flashes violent hands to swipe away blockers on his way to the ball carrier. Great balance and flexibility, and shows good change of direction ability and showing some ability to bend on the edge. Excellent at shooting gaps and reducing his surface area while working through trash inside. Splits double-teams in pass protection well with quickness.
								Has long legs and plays with high pad level, at times causing him problems when trying to anchor. Lacks the elite closing speed to make a lot of plays outside the box. Will stop after initial contact, must prove he has the stamina to make an impact in significant minutes against NFL competition. Tendency to stop his feet on contact. While he has experience two-gapping, he still needs a lot of technique work in that area; he has a tendency to turn his body, especially against double teams, causing him to get washed out or moved upfield. Suffered a torn ACL in high school. Changing positions may have stunted his growth in college, as he has never been allowed to focus on one particular skill set.
							
2013	Justin Hunter	2540151	WR	Tennessee	Hunter?s height, striding speed, explosive leaping ability, and easy hands make him an exceptional vertical threat able to take the top off of any defense ?- but only when he?s on the field. The Volunteers looked like they were on their way to a prolific 2011 season after putting up more than 40 points in each of their first two games. But their initial first down against Florida in week three proved fatal to the team?s chances of securing a bowl win, as Hunter tore his left ACL during a 12-yard catch on third down ? and the team?s offense scored just 92 points in eight conference games without him (and with quarterback Tyler Bray also not himself throughout most of the season). The Vols' struggles continued in 2012, and even though Hunter started the entire season, his setbacks weren't as much physical as they were mental. 	Prototypical height for an outside NFL receiver, though he will line up in the slot to test defenses over the middle. Straight-line speed appears more than sufficient for his size, can burst past corners down the sideline, and long strides that make it difficult for cornerbacks to recover once beaten. Varies his speed in routes to put defenses off balance, can accelerate with good foot quickness after a lull to create separation on digs and seam routes. Despite his size, possesses enough of a shimmy off the line to lose cornerbacks. Soft hands make him able to snatch throws in front of his frame or over either shoulder; will be threat on jump balls with his height and leaping ability.
								Has a limited number of snaps under his belt, needs to prove his hands are consistent when tested in a full season as a starter. Missed most of his second season with a torn left ACL. Must continue to get stronger throughout his frame to win battles at the line of scrimmage and break away from NFL tacklers. Blocking on run plays is inconsistent at best, shows little physicality in that realm.
							
2013	Eric Reid	2540152	FS	LSU	It was a no-brainer for Reid, a highly-touted national recruit with an excellent academic record, to commit to LSU. His father is in the school?s athletic hall of fame as an All-American hurdler, winning the NCAA championship in the 110-meter hurdles as a senior in 1987. Eric Reid, Sr. still works on the LSU campus, so his son got to know the facilities and team?s coaches quite well growing up.	Tall, long safety with a solid overall build that is still getting stronger. All-around defender who can play the run and pass. Flashes excellent closing speed, pummels receivers after the catch when coming downhill and can get into the backfield if smelling out the play after the snap. Has length and attitude to wrap up ballcarriers in the open field. Brings power into cut tackles, lowering his shoulder to stop running backs cold. Also lays the wood over the middle, putting a shoulder into their midsection. Gets physical with receivers attempting to block him in the run game. Has athleticism to handle tight ends in the passing game. Possesses the height, vertical and competitive nature to win jump balls. Good enough hands to take advantage of poor throws, will undercut receivers and can catch the ball away from his frame.
								Gets overaggressive at times; will jump on short crossers, opening up the back half of the field, and overrun stretch plays to allow cutback lanes. Not a consistently powerful tackler, and will lunge and miss in the open field as he often fails to break down quickly. Recovery speed will be questioned, might be tough for him to catch NFL receivers if he takes a false step or in the aid of a teammate. Had shoulder surgery after his junior season in high school, though it hasn?t hurt him in college.
							
2013	Matt Elam	2540153	FS	Florida	A two-year starter as part of the Gators' secondary, Matt Elam will put forward one of the best highlight reels of any prospect in this class due to his big hits and personality on the field. Elam has been a coveted player his entire life, entering the college ranks as the top high school safety prospect after being coached by Jack Daniels, a Florida alum. In fact, his older brother Abe Elam has paved the way for Matt to make it in the NFL. He was a two way player in high school, but Elam made the transition to safety shortly after focusing on special teams during his freshman season in 2010. 	Plays close to the line of scrimmage or in the box very often. At his best when asked to make a play, either blitzing or one on one on the edge. Frequently assigned to cover the slot receiver. There are times when he flashes tremendous disruption when the play is developing in front of him. Has catch up speed to chase down when he wants to. Gets hand up to disrupt at the catch point even if head is not turned to locate the football. Gets downfield very quickly as a gunner in punt coverage.
								Would rather drift laterally against the run rather than plant his outside foot, free outside arm, and force run upfield immediately. For how many hard hitting splash plays he makes, he could be much more aggressive every down. Little urgency to his game. Seen standing around far too often. Waits on screen rather than attacking while ball is getting there. Tries to make the big hit far too often, lunges, leads with shoulder, or leaves his feet rather than just wrapping up.
							
2013	Keenan Allen	2540154	WR	California	Allen intercepted 17 passes over the last two years of an All-American high school career, but the 79 touchdowns (53 as a senior) he scored on offense during those years convinced Cal coaches to utilize him on that side of the ball when he arrived in Berkeley. He repaid those coaches for their confidence in his ability as a playmaker, starting nine games and becoming the team?s second-leading receiver in his first season on campus. Allen racked up 120 of his season-total 490 yards in the opener against UC-Davis and eventually set a school record for freshmen with 46 receptions (beating Philadelphia Eagles star receiver DeSean Jackson?s 38). He also returned 18 kickoffs for a 22.6-yard average. 	Long-legged, reliable No. 1 receiver prospect. Runs solid slants, crossers, speed outs and vertical routes. Good height to win jump balls downfield, will attack the ball in the air with his hands and has good ball skills overall. Lines up in the slot regularly, can get off press with a quick shake at the line and uses his frame to block out smaller corners. Eats up ground quickly on his vertical stems. Agile and physical ball carrier after the catch, can make the first man miss with a quick cut or spin away from tackle attempts, maintaining his balance to continue downfield. Also runs through smaller corners to pick up a few extra yards. Gets down quickly for low throws despite his height. Aware receiver who uses his hands to create space from defenders downfield and gives his quarterback a target when in scramble mode. Good hip flexibility, as he sinks low into his routes and bursts out of the break.
								Has strider?s speed that is good enough to threaten defenses down the sideline but is not elite in this category. Allows some passes into his body when facing the quarterback. Has the occasional drop when extending away from his frame or tracking over his shoulder, but bounces back quickly. Does not utilize his size or length as a run blocker, does not execute cut blocks and at times fails to hit a target. Development as a receiver was held back, as his quarterback could only comfortably attack a few portions of the field.
							
2013	Xavier Rhodes	2540155	CB	Florida St.	Xavier Rhodes (pronounced "ZAY-vee-er"), a redshirt junior, started all three years he spent on the field while at Florida State, including a three man rotation in 2011 that featured Mike Harris and Greg Reid. The Seminole is best known for his big, physical, imposing frame on the edge and willingness to press receivers in man coverage, a trait that is difficult to find at the college level. Rhodes was lucky to line up behind behind pass rushers like Brandon Jenkins, Bjoern Werner and Tank Carradine during his career, but they were equally as thankful to play with a defensive back that refused to get his opposition a sliver of separation. The imposing corner does have some injuries on record, including one to his hand after only three games in 2009 and a gruesome knee injury at the end of the 2011 that turned out to be a bad sprain. 	Big frame and size for the position. Press corner that likes to have a hand on his opponent at all times. Consistently does get some kind of contact or jam when pressing, remains balanced without overextending. Contact is the arm mirroring the release side. Stays with quick twitch cuts and release with equally fast movements. Flashes strength to throw receiver to the side when wanting to get in on piles. Improved against the run as the season went along. Can really lay into a hit if it is lined up on the edge. Turns to find the football and adjusts well if in the hip pocket of a receiver downfield.
								Coming off of a knee injury in 2011. Very inconsistent on runs to the empty side, loses contain, does not react quickly enough. Misses tackles when lunging at ball carriers and when leaving his feet. Hands are by his waist at the snap instead of higher to punch more quickly. Can be disinterested when play goes to different receiver he is not responsible for in man coverage, closing speed lacks urgency. Does not have experience inside as a slot corner in nickel. Performance takes a step back in zone coverage, struggles to pass off and close on receivers entering or leaving his area. Looks sluggish or tight hipped when not asked to mirror movements. Not a blitzer when path is impeded.
							
2013	Giovani Bernard	2540156	RB	North Carolina	Giovani Bernard's career as a Tar Heel did not kickoff as expected. On the team's third day of practice, "Gio" tore the ACL in his right knee and was forced to redshirt the 2010 season. The Florida native and brother of Yvenson, who was an all-conference running back at Oregon State, didn't waste any time once returning to the field in 2011, and was quickly named the starter after clearly separating himself from others at the position. UNC hired Larry Fedora during the offseason, and he implemented a no-huddle, shotgun heavy offense, something Bernard wasn't accustomed to. Gio was slowed early in the 2012 season after experiencing some discomfort in his knee in the opener against Elon, and the running back was sidelined for two full games. The redshirt sophomore did return to the field against East Carolina and remained there for the next nine games.	Consistently twists or falls forward for extra yardage, two hands on the ball while going down. Short strides and quick steps allow for surprising cuts. Same strides help him get up to speed very quickly. Utilizes multiple lateral hops, cuts, and the occasional spin move. Has a thick base which helps with balance to break high tacklers. Very comfortable on draws and screens, reading blocks with patience and cutting off backsides. Very good vision, sees cut back lanes, anticipates momentum and blocks, weaves through trash. Likes to use short stiff arms downfield to keep some separation.  Successful pass protector, mostly uses cut blocks. Reliable receiver. Quick initial move after the catch frequently makes the first man miss, especially when trailing.
								Torn ACL in 2010. Does not elect for fair catch as a punt returner even with coverage bearing down on him. Always goes for cut block in pass protection instead of attacking face up. Wish he brought more power on first contact, more often has an elusive style. Body catcher when asked to be a receiver. Large number of 2012 runs came out of shotgun.
							
2013	Stedman Bailey	2540157	WR	West Virginia	Bailey starred at Miramar High, where he was teammates with Geno Smith, and was coached by former Mountaineer Damon Cogdell. Bailey caught 68 passes for 1,163 yards and 14 touchdowns as a senior. He was a Florida Class 6A first team all-state selection as a senior and second team as a junior. 	Extremely productive. Showcases tremendous physicality in his routes. Uses his hands and body to create separation. Excellent body control. Very reliable target, volume catcher. Soft hands, can make plays off of his frame. Smart receiver who is adept at finds holes and picking up the first down. Tracks the football well over his shoulder and adjusts his body in order to make difficult catches. Competitive.
								Lacks ideal size, both in terms of height and bulk. Not an overly explosive athlete. Doesn't change directions with suddenness. Likely won't run a blazing 40 yard dash. Often times most of the attention of the defense was given to teammate and fellow wide receiver Tavon Austin.
							
2013	Zach Ertz	2540158	TE	Stanford	Ertz had a strong incentive to leave The Farm after his redshirt sophomore season because high-profile teammates quarterback Andrew Luck, tight end Coby Fleener, and offensive line stars David DeCastro and Jonathan Martin are no longer around to aid his cause. But staying in Palo Alto for another year gave him the chance to be Stanford?s top offensive weapon and Ertz took advantage of the opportunity in 2012.	Smooth athlete with good route quickness to create some separation and sneaky speed to get behind the defense. Sturdy, well-built frame, adding 30 pounds of bulk and muscle since he arrived in Palo Alto. Tough with the ball in his hands and isn?t afraid to deliver hits, lowering his pads and finishing runs. Not afraid to get physical as a blocker and gives good effort in this area, always looking for someone to block downfield. Tracks the ball well and does a nice job adjusting his frame to make the tough catch, extending and plucking. Looks like he has glue on his hands with some of the catches he is able to make. Does a nice job selling his patterns, getting good depth in his routes and immediately looking for the ball out of his breaks. Nice job deceiving defenders and finding soft spots in coverage to make something happen after the catch, averaging over 13 yards per catch in 2012. Has experience all over the offense for Stanford, lining up in-line, slot and out wide, but looked most comfortable in the slot. In 2012 Ertz doubled Coby Fleener?s production from the year before, earning All-American honors as a Mackey Award finalist. Hard worker on and off the field and plans to graduate in June.
								Missed half of his sophomore year due to injury. Must prove his straight-line speed to scouts. Will not elude NFL defensive backs after the catch with pure quickness. Inconsistent in-line blocker, can get after his man but also loses the leverage battle and gets pushed back too easily. Misses second-level blocks when lunging at targets instead of getting position. Nice job adding bulk to his frame, but needs to continue to develop his strength to sustain blocks at the line of scrimmage. Will round off some routes at times and needs to better control himself in/out of his breaks. Needs to do a better job coming down with contested throws and will drop some easy ones ? seems to have at least one drop each game.
							
2013	Kevin Minter	2540159	ILB	LSU	Kevin Minter didn't crack the starting lineup until Kelvin Sheppard was selected in the third round of the 2011 draft. Even then, Minter was barely discussed among LSU's top defensive prospects while playing next to the likes of Tyrann Mathieu, Morris Claiborne, Barkevious Mingo, Sam Montgomery, Eric Reid and Michael Brockers. However, in 2012, Minter stood out and earned consensus first-team All-SEC honors on the way to being named the team's most valuable player along with topping multiple All-American lists. Despite earning a third-round grade from the NFL Draft Advisory Board, the junior felt it was time to test the next level.	Attacks blocks with extension and hand use. Very good feel in trash, subtle moves to weave through bodies and recognize run, gets to the ball carrier before teammates despite starting from the opposite side of the formation. not afraid to make contact with lead blocker between the tackles, keeps outside arm free to scrape off to running back. Takes very good angles and lines. Stops momentum of blockers, rolls into them with an anchor to not lose ground. Finishes off tackles very well. Fights as a blitzer, good motor, attempts to run through or get around contact. Sniffs out screens. When the play is visibly in from of him, the click and close can happen very quickly. Looks very comfortable when using hands to work through blockers. Has just enough speed to undercut blocks and make tackles for loss. Remained on the field in nickel packages.
								Occasionally overruns misdirection  and draw plays, gives up inside shoulder. Lacks desirable range in coverage because of lost ground when forced to open up hips, turn, and run. Fast enough in a straight line, but lateral speed may be a question. Despite good angles, likely won't win a foot race to the edge. Too flat footed on play action and misdirection, but at least that prohibits wasted steps. Does not show the quickness to get to screen as or soon after the ball arrives despite seeing it early on. Sees pass and reacts to it in coverage, but doesn't move any sooner.
							
2013	Jordan Reed	2540160	TE	Florida	Very few prospects go through as many positional changes on one side of the ball as Jordan Reed did at Florida. As a quarterback recruit coming out of high school, Reed redshirt the 2009 season and entered 2010 without a defined role. A right knee injury during preseason practice certainly didn't help his cause. He went on to see some snaps at receiver before moving back to quarterback with five games remaining. At times Reed was more of a glorified running back, carrying the ball for a total of 48 times in the final three games of the season, half of those occurring in the bowl game against Penn State. In 2011, Reed made 10 starts at tight end after missing time in two games do to a lingering hamstring issue. Finally, as a junior, Reed came into his own in 2012 and looked like a natural at the tight end position while leading the Gators in receiving. He did not end the season on a high note, however, as Reed was reportedly benched in the Gators bowl game for attitude issues.	Used from a variety of spot along the formation: inline tight end, detached tight end, receiver, H-back, and even some running back. Adequate blocker when able to ride the shoulder and drive. Resets and gets after his assignment in the running game if missed the first time. Very smooth in breaks on outside breaking routes. Shines with the ball in hand, makes moves in space like a big running back with agility. Consistently makes oncoming defenders miss with hops, cuts, or speed. Flashes getting physical to earn the first down or extra yard at the end of runs. Good mix of hands catching and letting it into his body against tight coverage.
								Fails to get over the face of the defensive end when reach blocking. Footwork is not consistent or sustained often enough when blocking, causes him to go to the ground. Posture can get too tall when attacking shoulder of opposition, loses positioning in that way. Needs better anticipation when asked to block at the second level. The type that turns and watches the play after the ball carrier runs past him. Route tree is limited, many or flare outs to the flats. Asked to sit down in soft areas. Hips can get too high when he is asked to run routes, not much exaggeration with head movement.
							
2013	Travis Frederick	2540161	C	Wisconsin	The Badgers have become a pipeline for NFL offensive linemen, seeing 14 of their big boys up front selected since the 2000 draft ?- the most of any school in the country over that time period. Nine of those 14 were top 100 picks (which is second behind USC?s 10), including Atlanta?s latest second-round pick, Peter Konz. Frederick is scheduled to play at center as a junior, but scouts will appreciate his versatility -? much like Atlanta did with Konz, who moved from center to guard for the Falcons as a rookie.	Thick-bodied interior lineman with experience at guard and center. Possesses upper body strength to turn his man out of the hole, help one guard in pass pro with one hand. Gets his hands up quickly after the snap, keeps them inside. Also moves his feet well to get angles, combo from tackle to linebacker. Churns his legs as a drive-blocker, gets movement. Anchor is strong, does not get bulled backwards when man-up and late blitzers bounce off his chest. Works hard to sustain and finish one-on-one blocks. Regularly used on the move whether at guard or center, fits on blocks well whether stepping up to the second level or outside the hashes. Shotgun snaps are reliable with good velocity.
								Girth in the middle takes away some quickness behind the line, takes time to get around the tackle and gets tripped up in traffic when on the move. Gets out-quicked by interior blitzers and occasionally stops his feet in pass protection. Can lose his balance when leaning into his man, though he recovers well enough to get back in the play.
							
2013	Logan Ryan	2540162	CB	Rutgers	In high school, Ryan starred at both quarterback and cornerback on a 7-3 Eastern High School team, throwing for 1,070 yards and eight touchdowns and rushing for 699 yards and nine touchdowns. On defense, he tallied 43 tackles, two tackles-for-loss and five interceptions in earning South Jersey Player of the Year Defensive honors from the Philadelphia Inquirer. As the top rated defensive back in the state of New Jersey, Ryan decided to stay home and attend Rutgers. 	Good size for a corner. Extremely physical. Active all across the field, and not afraid to come up an participate in the run game. Reckless abandon for his body, but still a sound tackler. Constantly around the football, makes plays on the ball. Intelligent. Experience with both man and zone coverage. Fluid hips.
								Still raw in terms of technique. Lacks blazing speed. As a result, will fly his hips open far to quickly to compensate, leading to a lot of short completions. Will get too grabby and not turn his head to find ball, which will result in penalties in the NFL.
							
2013	Bennie Logan	2540163	DT	LSU	Not many defensive tackles wear the No. 18 jersey -? and in Logan?s case, it?s a particularly important honor. Over the past decade, the number has been awarded by the coaching staff to the player who best represents what it means ?to be a Tiger on and off the field.? San Diego Chargers third-round pick Brandon Taylor also wore No. 18 for the Bayou Bengals, following in the footsteps of former Chargers fullback Jacob Hester and the initial wearer, 2003 BCS championship quarterback Matt Mauck. Logan isn't going to be one to put up gaudy statistics, but his strength in the middle of the line won?t elude the eyes of scouts looking for a starting tackle.	Athletic tackle with a wide frame and solid thickness and strength throughout. Nice lateral quickness to step into a gap after the snap, can penetrate through to get a hand on the ballcarrier or hold his ground with a shoulder against single blocks to stuff the hole. Plays with leverage when man-up and against double-teams, doesn?t get moved off the line often. Flashes the violent hands and pop to shed and eat up backs coming into his area. Works hard as a pass rusher, can use his hands and strength to bull through the shoulder of his man to reach the quarterback if the ball stays in the pocket too long. Strong tackler who swallows ballcarriers when in position and also slows them with an arm even if engaged.
								Not elite in his initial quickness, will be stoned more consistently by NFL linemen unless it improves and might be taken out in obvious passing situations. Might be best as an athletic nose, rather than a three-technique. Inconsistent getting off blocks inside to two-gap, lunges towards ballcarriers after they?re already by him. Gets overaggressive on his punch on occasion and doesn?t have elite upper-body strength, so better linemen and double teams can get his shoulders turned out of the hole. Stamina is an issue, losing his chase ability and short-area quickness when facing strong competition, and forces him to be heavily rotated. Has difficulty seeing and handling cut blocks. Doesn't offer much as a pass rushing threat.
							
2013	Tony Jefferson	2540164	FS	Oklahoma	Jefferson will not meet all NFL teams? size requirements for the safety position, but they overlook him at their own risk. The success of pro safeties with similar measurements like Jairus Byrd, Troy Polamalu, T.J. Ward, and Donte Whitner will undoubtedly help Oklahoma?s strong and athletic defender get his chance as an early selection at the next level.	Athletic, tough-minded safety. Plays all over the field, in a stack, on slot receivers, and single-high. Can lay the wood. Explosive blitzer who times his start well and brings pop as a tackler. Discards poor blocking attempts by fullbacks and receivers with hands and tenacity to make a play on the ball. Maintains outside leverage when playing containment responsibilities to force run plays inside. Good ball skills, follows receivers? eyes in man or keeps his in the backfield in zone to break on passes. Flashes the hands to make the one-handed grab and is competitive in 50/50 and jump ball situations. Covers running backs on wheel routes adeptly, and can take away safety valve routes from slot receivers. Should be a special teams force early in his career due to his aggressive nature, speed, and tackling ability. Infectious attitude that helps him be a team leader.
								Short and lacks the ideal bulk for a NFL defensive back. Does not have elite speed, will fall behind better slot receivers on crosses if unable to get a hand on them off the line. Stays high in his backpedal and will stop his feet when lined up off the slot, receivers can eat up cushion. Linemen and tight ends use their superior size and length to engulf him in the run game. Poor tackling technique, will launch himself or dive at ball carriers, resulting in missed tackles.
							
2013	DeAndre Hopkins	2540165	WR	Clemson	When Hopkins makes a play in front of his home crowd, you?ll hear the throng cheer ?Nuuuk?. Though his childhood nickname came from a special brand of baby pacifier he required because he bit through most others, the confident receiver will tell you he?s added another reason for that moniker ? he feels almost nuclear in his explosion on the field. And after a stand-out junior season, which capped an overall productive three-year career at Clemson, NFL scouts agree he?s got a chance to be a significant contributor on Sundays.	Presents good height and length for an outside receiver, also has some lower-body strength for explosion off the line of scrimmage and in his cuts. Solid route-runner used in the short, intermediate, and deep games, who has flexibility to avoid corners in zone and the quick feet to separate on hitches, comebacks, and other cuts. Does a nice job creating separation and deceiving defensive backs with head fakes and quick moves. Will threaten the top of defenses with NFL-quality straight-line speed. Possesses strong hands in traffic, not afraid of contact downfield and can separate at the last second with an arm extension. Agile enough to quickly avoid oncoming defenders after the catch yet remain balanced to head downfield for the big gain. Does not go down without a fight, can run through arm tackle attempts from cornerbacks. Snatches throws with his hands, even those within his frame. Concentrates on the ball throughout difficult catches and extends his long arms to make a big radius. Sells double-moves well with a head fake and body lean. Very good body control to contort his body on catches and pluck the ball out of the air, keep one foot in-bounds on the sideline. Effective run blocker, usually reaches his target and gets his hands up, uses correct blocking angle to sustain; also shows some nastiness at times, capable of putting his man to the ground. Consistently productive over his time at Clemson, improving his stats each season
								Only average size for a starting outside receiver and has room to add bulk to his frame. Occasionally loses track of the ball on easy catches when trying to make a move too early. Must prove his ability to use his hands to beat press coverage from NFL veterans off the line. Dances around defenders and run backwards after short catches at times, losing his balance or some yardage, instead of heading upfield. Will need to be more consistently physical in the blocking game at the next level.
							
2013	D.J. Fluker	2540166	OT	Alabama	Fluker?s been through his share of adversity in recent years. His family was displaced by Hurricane Katrina in 2005, attended three different high schools due to family issues, and then had his apartment ripped apart by the tornado that swept through Tuscaloosa in April 2011. So even though Fluker did not block for star running backs Mark Ingram or Trent Richardson in 2012 (although Eddie Lacy and T.J. Yeldon aren't half bad), don?t expect him to back down from any challenges coming his way during his NFL career.	Tall, long, thick right tackle prospect with huge hands and a solid (not sloppy) build. That pure size gives him the power to collapse the edge to create running lanes. Defensive ends must be very quick off the snap to beat him on their initial pass rush move because of his length and hustle. Has improved his anchor against bull-rushes, wide base and length make him tough to move. Flashes footwork to reach linebackers at the second level, who can?t separate from him once he locks on. Shows some bend for his size in his stance, can get low to cut-block on quick passes and in short-yardage situations.
								Gives up too many secondary rushes, lacks recovery speed to stay in front of his man if the quarterback holds onto the ball. Must get his hands up more quickly to sustain blocks, both in pass protection and in the run game. Quicker players in space can avoid him if they see him coming. Loses his balance regularly when overextending towards his target, often ending up on the ground.
							
2013	Jawan Jamison	2540167	RB	Rutgers	Each year, a handful of redshirt sophomores declare for the draft. In recent seasons, the position to push the most players to the NFL in this category has been running back. This year is no different with Giovani Bernard and Rutgers' Jawan Jamison. The two year starter broke out early in 2012, but an ankle injury appeared to hobble him down the stretch. Although he could have returned as the starter, Jamison felt it was best to take his talents to the NFL after accounting for a large part of Rutgers' offense.	NA	NA
2013	Eddie Lacy	2540168	RB	Alabama	Lacy was a four star recruit coming out of high school, when he chose Alabama over Oklahoma, Tennessee, Mississippi, Mississippi State and LSU. He played only seven games during his senior year due to injuries, but still managed 1,046 rushing yards and 17 touchdowns. Lacy earned LSWA 5A All-State honors after rushing for 1,800 yards and 26 touchdowns as a junior in 2007. 	Powerful, workhorse back type of build. Strong lower body, consistently runs through tackles. Patient, allows his blocks to develop. Light on his feet, able to make quick, fluid moves. Plays with good pad level and balance. Not afraid to finish a run with contact, often falls forward. Shows some agility and elusiveness in space. Decent hands out of the backfield.
								Doesn't always make the best decisions as a runner, will miss openings. Not tremendously dynamic. Inconsistent as a blocker, doesn't attack his target.
							
2013	Robert Woods	2540169	WR	USC	Woods? consensus All-American high school career gave him a chance to matriculate to whatever college he desired ?- not only was he prolific on the gridiron as a senior (1,112 receiving yards, eight interceptions for the California Division 3 state champions) but he also finished second in the 400 meters, third in the 200 meters and anchored a state champion 1,600-meter relay team at state track meet. So it was no surprise he went to USC instead of following in the footsteps of his father and grandfather as Grambling State Tigers.	Productive potential number one receiver who can excel on any route on the tree due to good foot quickness and shifty hips. Runs solid comeback routes and uses sharp cuts on skinny posts to free himself. Possesses good vision and a strong burst with the ball in his hands. Flashes the ability to catch passes away from his frame with his hands. Can make catches in traffic and track passes over his shoulder. At times shows the strength and agility to spin out of tackle attempts in the secondary. Willing to go over the middle, take a hit and hang on. Has the speed to run past defenders, but also uses his long arms to create space from defenders downfield. Gives his quarterback a target when plays break down by going deep or coming across the field. Does his job as a downfield blocker on run plays, mixes it up with multiple targets if necessary.
								Lean upper and lower body builds, strength is an issue when trying to get off the jam, fight for 50-50 balls. Has more than his share of drops in some games, fails to squeeze the ball with his hands to secure it. Settles for body-catches over when high-pointing passes over defenders. Could step in as a kickoff or punt returner in a pinch due to his willingness to run through traffic, but lacks the elusiveness and pure speed most NFL teams covet. Had surgery on his right ankle during the 2012 offseason, did not participate in spring practice.
							
2013	David Amerson	2540170	CB	N.C. State	The Jack Tatum Award given to the nation?s best defensive back has been awarded to several players who became first round picks since its inception in 1991. But even star cornerbacks like Terrell Buckley, Charles Woodson, and Patrick Peterson and talented safeties such as Roy Williams, the late Sean Taylor, and Eric Berry didn?t match Amerson?s turnover production in 2011.	Possesses size, physicality and athleticism to be a starting NFL defensive back. Very confident, attacks aggressively down hill, both in jumping routes, and in defending the run. Receiver-like ball skills allow him to high-point passes on jump balls and make quarterbacks pay for trying to fit a ball between levels of zone coverage. Also adjusts well to low and wide throws despite his size. Flashes agility. Will pop receivers to dislodge the ball and running backs coming to his side of the field. Wrap-up tackler, closes quickly to the ball when attacking receivers in off-coverage and against east-west runs. Works through receiver blocks in the run game with strong hands and quickness.
								Some teams will project him to safety unless he proves hip flexibility, agility, and speed in workouts. Backpedal will be tested by quicker receivers eating up his cushion at the next level. Takes time to transition forward from pedal, comes out of his breaks a bit slow. Can be deceived by double moves. Doesn't display run assignment integrity. Plays a lot of off-coverage and zone, needs experience in the man and press coverages in which he should excel given his physical ability.
							
2013	Joseph Randle	2540171	RB	Oklahoma St.	The Cowboys had two first-round picks in quarterback Brandon Weeden (picked by the Cleveland Browns with the 22nd overall selection) and wide receiver Justin Blackmon (Jacksonville, No. 5 overall) last fall, but Randle was an equal part of the trio that won the inaugural Pony Express Award (created by the famed SMU running back duo of the 1980s, Eric Dickerson and Craig James) as the most productive teammates in college football. Randle doesn?t have the explosiveness in his game right now to be picked as early as his former teammates, but another big season leading the Cowboys offense using his growing strength and shifty hips ?- without Weeden and Blackmon taking most of the pressure ?- ensured scouts his production wasn?t simply a byproduct of the system and others? talent.	Productive back in the running and passing game. Possesses enough straight-line speed to eat up yardage when open lanes present themselves. Shows once wiggle in his game once past the line, gets would-be tacklers to lean the wrong way. Seems to fall forward a lot, and is adding weight to his frame each season to get stronger. Attacks targets as a blocker for bubble screens and two-back sets, also flashes the form and willingness to be an effective pass protector. Solid receiver on screens and over the middle; good hands to rein in wayward passes and his shifty hips make him elusive after the catch. Solid ball security, did not fumble in 251 touches in 2011.
								Taller back who will run a bit upright at times coming through the line or in the open field. Receiver-like build makes pushing the pile a chore. One-speed back without an elite burst, second gear or great acceleration in the open field. Must learn to explode from cuts using improving strength in his lower half. Struggles to anchor against larger defenders in pass protection, and will duck his head and dive at them instead of staying upright.
							
2013	Corey Lemonier	2540172	DE	Auburn	The 2010 Under Armour High School All-American Game participant, and top ten high school defensive end recruit didn?t need much time to make an impact with the Tigers, playing in all 14 games as a true freshman and starting once (against Tennessee-Chattanooga), making 17 tackles, five for loss, two sacks ?- including three tackles, one for loss, against Oregon in the team?s BCS Championship Game victory. SEC coaches named him first-team all-conference as a sophomore, a rare feat, due to his team-leading 13.5 tackles for loss, and 9.5 sacks. As a junior, Lemonier saw a big drop off in his stats from the previous season, as he recorded just 5.5 sacks, and 5.5 tackles for loss.	Long-limbed end with a nice motor and a strong overall build with room to grow. Plays on both sides of the formation.  Stands up at times. Showcases a good first step. Also flashes agility to drop into a zone and attack ballcarriers coming into his area. Can threaten outside shoulders of average linemen, and works an impressive rip move on the outside. Has strength and long arms to separate the ball from any ballcarrier. Works hard throughout each play, chasing plays to the sideline when needed and crashing inside for a secondary rush if stopped in his initial upfield move. Works well on twists inside, closes hard and gets into passing lanes if unable to reach the quarterback. Strong arm extension to knock back and shed linemen or tight ends in the run game. Good vision through traffic and hustle to reach the ball. Frame makes him susceptible to cut blocks, but he recovers quite well, gets back into the play to make a stop with pure effort.
								Does not have a powerful build. Lacks great snap awareness. Looks to be stiff in the hips, and is not always flexible enough to bend the edge. Weak hands, doesn't deliever a blow on contact with the offensive lineman. Better tackles get a push against him on drive-blocks due to that leggy build. Struggles to separate when an offensive lineman engages into his chest.
							
2013	Tyler Bray	2540173	QB	Tennessee	After receiving a bit of playing time in blowouts (in either direction) over the first two months of his freshman year, Bray took over for Matt Simms during the team?s loss to South Carolina. He led the team to a 4-1 record in the remaining five games (with four 300-yard passing performances) and to an unexpected Music City Bowl berth against North Carolina.	Bray uses his height to adequately survey the field and see over his offensive lineman, yet he also displays the flexibility to bend and reach for low shotgun snaps. Bray has elite arm strength, and generates this power through a consistent rotation of his hips. His throws are often tight spirals, and the velocity of his throws allows him to beat defenders to the spot. He shows the ability to manipulate the pocket, and change his arm slot, while still delivering accurate throws.
								An extremely thin build, and won?t contribute much as a scrambler. His gamed is mired with tremendous inconsistencies, mostly rooted in a poor feel for the intricacies of the game. Accuracy and footwork can go array at any point in the game. Takes to many unnecessary risks. Has a tendency to stare down his targets. Did not develop in his Junior season as many had hoped.
							
2013	Marcus Lattimore	2540174	RB	South Carolina	South Carolina?s high school ?Mr. Football? in 2009 (after racking up 1,898 rushing yards and 31 touchdowns his senior year) decided to stay in-state for his collegiate football career, and made his presence felt as a true freshman the following fall. The National Freshman of the Year by many media outlets also earned a spot on the Walter Camp All-American second team and first-team All-SEC accolades from league coaches after rushing for 1,197 yards and 17 scores his first year on campus. Only Heisman Trophy winner and NFL star back George Rogers ran for more yards in school history (in 1979 and 1980). Three games accounted for a large share of his season totals, though all were in wins over SEC East opponents that helped the Gamecocks win the division (182 yards against Georgia, 184 against Tennessee, 212 (with three TDs) at Florida).	Taller north-south runner who plays with good lean to plow for yards between the tackles. Possesses vision and quick feet for his size to slide into a rushing lane and the speed to get upfield once finding the hole. Quite effective on zone runs when used in that capacity. Has the wiggle to freeze and elude tacklers to space. Spins off piles inside and keeps his legs churning to pick up the extra yard. Gets into his routes fluidly out of the backfield and flashes the hand to adjust to poor throws. Good build for pass protection, and is willing to hustle and make contact to keep his quarterback clean.
								With back to back seasons ending in traumatic knee injuries, durability is a major red flag. There are also the questions of how his medicals will check out, and how much he will be able to contribute his rookie season. Even before his injuries, struggled to get into a second or third gear in order to break off longer gains.
							
2013	Le'Veon Bell	2540175	RB	Michigan St.	Bell wasn?t highly coveted by major programs early in the recruiting process, being offered by hometown Ohio State and others as a safety and nearly going to the MAC to play running back before Michigan State stepped up with their scholarship. But his senior season flourish (1,333 yards, 21 touchdowns) got MSU on his scent, and they?ve been happy for it ever since.	Big, bruising back with power in his lower body but lighter feet than you?d expect give his size. North-south runner effective in one and two-back sets. Strong cuts and a nice burst out of them makes him capable of breaking off big runs when the hole is available. Sets up defenders in the open field to cut away. Flashes some stop-start ability and shake in space that freezes oncoming defenders. Pushes piles with lower body strength. Can lower his pads for contact, churn through tackle attempts to become difficult to bring down due to second and third efforts. Wiggles and pushes through traffic inside to get the extra yard after it looks as though he?s stopped. Possesses a spin move to come off tackles at the second level, maintains balance to keep on moving or at least fall forward for an extra couple of yards. Uses a strong stiff arm in space, as well. Agile enough to jump over defenders trying to cut him down in the open field. Used in Wildcat formation in the red zone. Decent receiver out of the backfield.
								Taller back who presents a big target for defenders to hit, especially when failing to lower his pads going into the hole. Size also limits his breakaway speed and ability to create on his own if challenged by better front sevens.Sub par vision prevents him from seeing cut back lines and sees him running up the back of his lead blocker too often. Pass protection form is inconsistent, has size to handle rushers or at least push them around the pocket, but often moves his feet too slowly or tries to cut instead of setting to anchor. Holds the ball away from his body at times, though he doesn?t fumble very often.
							
2013	William Gholston	2540176	DE	Michigan St.	As if his 6-foot-7, 275-pound frame wasn?t enough to grab the attention of NFL scouts, Gholston?s surname immediately raises eyebrows ?- he?s the cousin of 2008 New York Jets first-round pick Vernon Gholston. In most cases, sharing a name with a former first-round pick is a bonus. But the fact that Vernon did not get a sack in his short three-year stint with the Jets and could not secure a job during the 2011 season probably won?t help his cousin?s stock.	Looks the part of an NFL starter, with height, length, and a strong overall build. Holds the line and edge well when on his game, uses strong hands and long arms to get leverage. Very agile for his size, can move with tight ends and running backs in the flat, hurdle cut blockers, and stunt with explosiveness. Can be quick in short spaces once he's in motion.
								Struggles to use his hands to disenage. Play seems to stop after making contact too often. Very leggy out of his stance, takes too many steps to get started. Loses his balance trying to turn the corner.
							
2013	Marquess Wilson	2540177	WR	Washington St.	Wilson?s production during his time in Pullman was among the best in the West over the past couple of seasons, but his career will be defined by how it ended. Despite leading the team in receptions (52) and receiving yards (813) with five touchdowns in nine games, he was indefinitely suspended by the program for the ubiquitous ?violation of team rules," reportedly after walking out of a physical conditioning session. His comments about the situation were not flattering towards the Cougars? new head coach, Mike Leach; Wilson accused Leach and the coaching staff of belittling, intimidating, and humiliating players throughout the season. Now NFL teams must sort out whether these actions reflect poorly on Leach?s staff or Wilson?s maturity.	Tall strider presenting a difficult ask down the sideline for shorter defensive backs. If able to escape the jam or come off the line untouched, he covers a lot of ground in a hurry. His height and vertical jump makes him a nightmare on jump balls anywhere on the field, and he can contort his body to adjust to passes in the air. Makes catches over either shoulder down the sideline and can stay in-bounds. Drops his hips, has quick enough feet and a solid head-fake to separate at the top of the route, as well as to pull off double-moves downfield and to the sideline. Tries to run through tackles by lowering his pads and churning his feet after the catch and has a bit of open-field elusiveness, though he will run backwards and dance too much instead of taking what he can get. Will find  a soft spot in the zone if his quarterback is on the run. Flashes an effective use of his length, and a bit of attitude, to take smaller defenders out in the run game.
								Lanky receiver, especially thin in the lower body. Will struggle with the physicality of NFL defenders off the line, when trying to get into his route, and downfield in 50/50 situations. Does not consistently use his hands to win or hold onto the ball when being hit or even feeling the hit coming. Hands reliably is severely lacking, misses on all difficulty of catches due to a lack of concentration. Doesn?t adjust to low passes as well as he does high ones. Lateral quickness against press is only average, takes time to accelerate into his route if challenged at all. Lacks technique as a blocker, when he makes the effort to reach his target, tries to overwhelm corners but fails to move his feet or maintain the angle to prevent them from entering the play.
							
2013	Knile Davis	2540178	RB	Arkansas	Injuries have limited Davis since high school, but his talent when healthy is undeniable. He missed the 2011 season with a broken left ankle suffered in August after sitting out most of his junior and senior years in high school with collarbone and right ankle injuries. He then aggravated the ankle and broke his 	Big-bodied north-south runner. Has a thick lower-body build and runs with enough forward lean to run through arm tackles. Agile enough to spin off tackles inside and hurdle would-be tacklers in the open field. Can use the strength he builds in the weight room to be a physical pass protector, aware enough to hit multiple targets. Provides some receiving skills as a check-down option over the middle and handling good throws in the flat.
								Has a long injury history, missing time or playing hurt in every season of his college career, in addition to the final two years of his of his high school career. Runs a bit top-heavy, gets tripped up easily in space, especially before he gets his head of steam. Inconsistent taking on tacklers at the second level, will try to run around them instead of using his strength. Inconsistent protecting his quarterback, resorts to (and misses) cut blocks. Lack of hip flexibility hurts his ability to adjust to poor throws as a receiver. Was unable to display adequete foot quickness in his final season.
							
2013	Da'Rick Rogers	2540179	WR	Tennessee Tech	Da?Rick (pronounced DAY-rick) set a Georgia state high school record for receiving yards (1,641) as a senior, but decided to head for Tennessee instead of staying with the home-state Bulldogs ?- even after head coach Lane Kiffin left the program for USC.  Rogers? career in Knoxville got off to a rocky start, as he was charged with disorderly conduct and resisting arrest outside a bar in July, before his true freshman season even began. New head coach Derek Dooley still got Rogers on the field right away, though he actually had more rushing attempts (16 for 117 yards) and kickoff returns (12 for 298 yards) than receptions (11 for 167 yards and two scores) on the season.	Physical specimen with power and strength. Works very well over the middle, and is extremely difficult to bring down after the catch. Gets off the line well for a player of his size. Shows flexibility in adjusting to the football, making difficult catches, and getting out of his routes. Uses his body to shield defenders from making a play on the football. Smooth, with good body control when going up for the football. Strong hands allow him to grab low and wide passes adeptly. Physical run blocker when engaged, will sustain through the play.
								Off-field maturity and on-field effort have been issues. Stops his route at times if not the primary target. Body language on the field can be defeating. Lacks great explosiveness to run by corners, no extra gear. Will struggle to track the football at times. Not a very instinctual receiver, doesn't always run the routes he should, doesn't fight to get open when the play breaks down.
							
2013	Tyrann Mathieu	2540180	CB	LSU	Mathieu (like ?Matthew?) earned the nickname ?Honey Badger? during his time at LSU because his small stature and tenacious attitude are similar to the African animal carrying that name. That feisty attitude made Tyrann (Ty-run) one of the biggest playmakers in college football on defense. For his efforts, he garnered the 2011 Bednarik Award as the nation?s best defender, first-team All-SEC notice from league coaches and media, consensus All-American honors, and became the rare defender who became a finalist for the Heisman Trophy.	Fiesty turnover machine who lines up outside, in the slot and at safety when needed. Instinctual player with very good read-and-react ability, always seems to work his way into position to make a play on the ball. Does whatever it takes to make a stop, fights through blocks using hands and quickness, goes low or high and doesn?t let up after initial contact. Brings enough force despite his size to get ballcarriers off balance with a glancing blow. Constantly rips at the ball while making a tackle or when others have secured the stop. Fights for jump balls with taller receivers downfield. Regularly used as a blitzer due to his feel, quickness and tenacity. Very good vision and short-area quickness as a punt returner, can make the first man miss and cut back effectively against the grain. Will go outside if the space is there but also slalom through traffic up the field when necessary. Also has balance and strength to get through arm tackles. Will also be a strong tackler on coverage units if required.
								Mathieu?s issues with substance abuse will be the primary focus of NFL teams whenever he decides to pursue a career in professional football. Possesses below-average size for the position. Usually brings down ballcarriers of any size, NFL veterans might prove a bigger challenge. Quicker than fast, though his effort often masks average straight-line speed for his size. Must prove his ability to stay with larger receivers and tight end in man coverage, as they use their length advantage to separate and frame to shield him from the ball. Will take chances as a punt returner, grabbing the ball on a bounce or inside the 5-yard line.
							
2013	Josh Boyce	2540181	WR	TCU	Boyce was a teammate of 2011 Heisman Trophy winner and the 2012 draft?s No. 2 overall pick Robert Griffin III at Copperas Cove High School. And one of their top rivals was Brownwood, the school of embattled TCU quarterback Casey Pachall. 	Solid overall build with a muscular upper body and strong legs. Lines up outside and in the slot. Displays very good hands. Excellent first three steps off the line to challenge corners, shakes them off the line and has enough speed to get a step down the field. Stems every route in the tree with foot quickness that college corners can?t handle, does not have to slow down significantly to make a cut. Tracks the ball well over either shoulder, and shows a good job of high pointing the football in contested situations. Creates space downfield with an arm extension. Tough to bring down after the catch because of his low center of gravity and strength. Aggressive run blocker with the strength to negate his man and stick with the block. Willing to attack safeties stepping up inside if uncovered.
								May be limited to purely playing the slot. Does not bring some difficult catches extended away from his frame that top prospects are expected to snare with their hands. Must prove his pure straight-line speed, though most college corners couldn?t close on him in the open field. Will fall off run blocks instead of sustaining, allowing his man to come off and make a play at times.
							
2013	Alvin Bailey	2540182	OG	Arkansas	Many didn't expect the junior Arkansas guard to jump ship after the Razorbacks' extremely disappointing 2012 season, but Bailey joined Tyler WIlson, Cobi Hamilton, Dennis Johnson, and Knile Davis among others in this year's draft class. Bailey played in one of the few college systems that rotates their guards to either side of the formation depending on the strong or weak package, which could give him an advantage adjusting to left or right guard in the NFL. As a strong side guard, Bailey was frequently asked to create lanes inside for the talented duo of running backs in Johnson and Davis.	Has experience at right and left guard. Flashes solid movement skills for large size. Good first step when asked to get out in space, awareness to peel back and pick up chasing defender. Obvious effort on first contact when trapping. Consistently looks to stop the opposition's momentum on contact. Can tell he is a good athlete, moves well even when pad level is high, reaction to get hands on quick cutting defender is there. Has a strong grip in close quarters and plenty of a natural to stall opposition in his tracks. Can dominate when he wins on first contact.
								After first step, strides slow considerably when working in space. Leads with wrong shoulder or contacts with forearm first too often when trapping between the tackles. Lateral mobility to mirror in pass protection is questionable. Can panic and lose whatever good posture he had against speed rushers that dip. Causes him to bend at the waist and fall forward. Also times where pad level is far too high, especially when crashing down or given the shoulder. Doesn't contact and extend with his hands enough in close quarters. Lacks anticipation to predict where the defender will be at the second level. Feet stop, legs get locked on contact too often, doesn't create enough push. Causes him to get top heavy and lose balance.
							
2013	David Bakhtiari	2540183	OT	Colorado	A self described "gym rat," Bakhtiari (pronounced Bock-T-are-E) surprised many when he declared for April's NFL draft after the Buffs finished the year 1-11. He comes from a long list of athletes, with Bakhtiari's older brother, Eric, just being waived after the new year for kicker Billy Cundiff. David previously said he wanted to return to California after graduation to work with and eventually take over his father's (Karl) real estate business, but the NFL obviously takes precedent. 	Consistent low posture and first contact through his hands is there. Strong grip and latch to control when obtained. Frequently limits inside moves and very aware of slowed footwork when opponent is setting up a second move. He drives forward in these situations, specifically with the inside armbar to cut off the shorter path. Flashes a mean attitude to finish off plays, takes opponents down that have lost their balance. Can really get after it, an attacker rather than passive blocker. Brings the club with one hand when wanting to release in space on screen plays. Doesn't wait on blocks at the second level, on the offensive and seeks out contact. If uncovered he always helps inside in pass protection and delivers a nice punch.
								Not an ideal build for an offensive lineman, thin in the arms. Many difficulties arise form pass blocking on an island. Beaten around the edge without slowing the rusher down and can lose face up against stiff contact due to not having the ability to stop backwards momentum. Move to guard is likely in his future. Deep drop steps aren't natural and stiff contact jolts him mid-stride. Loses on counter moves, thrown to the side when top heavy or leaning too far over, specifically when run blocking. Whiffs on cut blocks.
							
2013	Terrence Brown	2540184	CB	Stanford	NA	NA	NA
2013	Mike Edwards	2540185	CB	Hawaii	In high school, Edwards was three-year letter winner in football who helped team to three conference titles, one regional title and a state championship. As a senior, Edwards was named first team All-Ohio after recording 34 tackles, five interceptions, and averaging 20 yards and 33 yards in punt and kick returns respectively. Edwards was also a track standout who helped his team to two conference track titles.	Aggressive player, who is more physical with receivers than his size would indicate. Active hands throughout. Smooth hip transition, and the speed to turn and run with receivers down field. Does a very nice job of getting his head turned and timing his jumps. Impressive kick return ability.
								Off-the field issues. Undersized, will he won't back down, he can be bullied by bigger wideouts. Doesn't have great technique in his press, can lose at the line of scrimmage. Can get beat based on starring down the quarterback. Inconsistent in driving on the football. Will occasionally get lost in zones.
							
2013	Chris Faulk	2540186	OT	LSU	Many prospects who missed the entire 2012 season are seniors that were not a medical redshirt season. Faulk is the exception, choosing to leave LSU as a junior despite not seeing the field in 2012 after suffering a right knee injury in late August. The massive left tackle likely projects to the right side int he NFL, but there are flashes of athletic footwork due to his background as a defensive end and center on the basketball court.	Looks for contact through his hands. Even with poor technique, he wins with it. That can go a long way, tough to question if it is consistent. Does adjust hands to try and regain position. Gives his all to make the block happen, even if it requires him to extend. Can move defenders just by leaning on them.
								Heavy feet and tight hips. Leads to poor posture. When mirroring laterally, hands go all over the place, flailing, has balance issues. Gets jolted and shuffles back with head down. Doesn't get a consistent inside latch. On the ground too often, waist bender versus counter moves. Doesn't get enough push for his size when run blocking. Struggles to recover.
							
2013	Michael Ford	2540187	RB	LSU	Ford?s capped off his high school career, with a senior season at Leesville High School that saw him rush for 2,953 yards and 29 touchdowns en route to a first-team 4A all-state selection in 2008.  Ford finished his senior season with nine games of 200-yards or better and finished career with 20 straight 100-yard games, a streak that dated back to 2006. His career yardage set the Leesville rushing record, topping the previous mark set by former LSU standout Cecil Collins in 1994.	NA	NA
2013	Kwame Geathers	2540188	NT	Georgia	The Geathers family doesn?t lack representation in football. Kwame?s brother, Robert Geathers, played for the Bulldogs from 2001-03 and now is a member of the Cincinnati Bengals. Another one of his brothers, Clifton Geathers, played for South Carolina, and currently plays for the Indianapolis Colts. Kwame?s father, Robert Geathers, Sr., played at South Carolina and was a third round NFL draft pick of the Buffalo Bills in 1981. Geathers? uncle, James "Jumpy" Geathers, played at Wichita State and 13 seasons in the NFL. Geathers? cousin, Jeremy Geathers played at UNLV. As a high school junior, tallied 85 tackles and 10 sacks and finished fifth in shot put at 2008 state track and field championships.	Geathers has an absolutely monstrous frame and carries the weight well. Packs a powerful punch and can offensive lineman on their heals immediately. Showcases the ability to lock his arms out, and use quick, active hands to shed. Uses his arm length to extend and wrap up ball carriers. When he fires off the ball low, he can hold the point of attack.
								Will get lazy and come off the ball high, allowing defenders to get into his pads. Can get pushed off the ball or get his shoulders turned. Struggles to bend and use his hands on cut blocks. Inconsistent snap awareness and hand usage. Limited starting experience.
							
2013	Stefphon Jefferson	2540189	RB	Nevada	Jefferson was a four-year lettermen in football  who lead his team to CIF Section Championship game three years in a row, with a victory in 2007. As a senior in 2008, was the West Yosemite League Player of the Year and the Tulare County Player of the Year while also earning first-team all-league honors. Jefferson?s sports hero is Terrell Davis. His cousin, Nikke Blue played basketball at UCLA and in the WNBA.	Extremely productive junior season, showed he can handle a high carry total. Very patient running back. Presses the line and waits for a hole to develop. Good vision. Possesses some burst through the line of scrimmage, and runs with authority. Makes smart decisions, takes what is given.
								Runs with a high pad level. Linear athlete, doesn't offer much in terms of agility. Won't make the first person miss very often. Poor technique as a blocker. Lacks an explosive aspect to his game. Only one season of production.
							
2013	Jelani Jenkins	2540190	OLB	Florida	As five-star outside linebacker recruit, Jenkins was first-team all-state in Maryland.  Highly sought after, Jenkins chose Florida over Notre Dame, Penn State, USC and Stanford.  Jenkins was named the Maryland Gatorade Player of the Year in both 2007 and 2008. As a senior, he traveled to Los Angeles as one of five national finalists for the Watkins Award, awarded annually to the ?Premier African-American Male Scholar Athlete?. 	Showcases good speed, moves well from sideline to sideline. Good burst. Athletic. Works well in pursit, able to track ball carriers and then make tackles. Possessing good blitzing ability. Best trait is his ability to cover. Can run with backs and tight ends. Easily flips hips, and turns his head to find the football.
								Does not possess ideal size or length. Not very strong at the point. Will get latched onto blockers when the get inside his frame. Needs to use his hands better and be more aggressive in shedding blocks. Medical concerns.
							
2013	Brandon Kaufman	2540191	WR	Eastern Washington	Kaufman missed his senior high school season with a knee injury suffered before the 2008 season even began. He earned honorable mention All-State honors as a junior and twice was selected to the All-Continental League team. He caught a total of 97 passes for 1,918 yards and 16 touchdowns as a sophomore and junior. Just six months after his injury, he returned to play basketball.	Tall with long arms. Uses his size to shield defenders, and his length to catch passes off his frame. Reliable hands. Tracks the football well and attacks the ball at the highest point. Red zone and vertical weapon. Possesses good vision after the catch.
								Hasn't dealt with great competition, or run a myriad of different routes. Doesn't explode off the line, and has build up speed. Needs to be more physical in his route running. Might struggle to consistently separate at the next level.
							
2013	Joe Kruger	2540192	DE	Utah	Joe is the youngest of three Kruger brothers. Paul plays linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens and Dave just finished his Utah career as a four-year starting defensive tackle. His father played football for Oregon State and his brother-in-law, Tony Bergstrom, was an all-Pac-12 offensive lineman for the Utes in 2011, was a third-round draft pick of the Oakland Raiders. In high school, Kruger lettered all four years in both football and basketball. In his senior football season, he had 51 tackles and led the state with 15 sacks.	Very impressive size. Athletic. Long arms. Plays with power, capable of bull rushing offensive lineman back into the quarterback. Extends his arms and can keep offensive lineman off his frame. Good first step, comes off the ball well. Plays with a firm base. Flows to the football well, and is an effort player. Possesses the ability to redirect.
								Plays with a high pad level too often. Pops upright off the snap and will give up leverage. Needs to add more weight. Struggles to bend as a pass rusher. Lacks counter moves, will get stuck on his block. Inconsistent hand placement.
							
2013	Brandon Moore	2540193	DT	Texas	NA	NA	NA
2013	Kyle Padron	2540194	QB	Eastern Washington	NA	NA	NA
2013	Justin Pugh	2540195	OT	Syracuse	As a high school senior, Pugh earned the Maxwell Award, which is presented to the Top 50 high school scholar-athletes in the tri-state area (Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware). The award recognizes athletics, academics and community service.  Pugh also earned all-area and All-Suburban One League First Team honors as a junior and senior in addition to being named second-team all-area as a defensive lineman as a senior.  Named 2008 team MVP and defensive player of the year as a team captain. Pugh is involved in Special Olympics and volunteers for Athletes Helping Athletes.	Very good range and mobility. Good feet. Will sit into his blocks. Experienced player. Plays with body control and balance. Gets to the second level easily. Good pad level.
								Very short arms. Lacks ideal offensive tackle size. Doesn't possess a lot of core strength, can be bull rushed back. Not a quick twitch athlete, doesn't respond well to sudden moves. Hand usage is inconsistent.
							
2013	Greg Reid	2540196	CB	Florida St.	Reid was a three-sport star, and five-star football recruit out of Lowndes County High School. In football he earned All-American honors from Parade Magazine, Under Armour, EA Sports and SuperPrep. Reid was also the MVP of Under Armour All-Star game after being named Atlanta Journal-Constitution All-Classes Georgia Player of the Year and AAAAA Georgia Player of the Decade. In his senior year Lowndes, he registered 28 tackles, nine interceptions, and a fumble recovery. Reid also rushed for 1,242 yards on 118 carries with 16 TDs and caught eight passes for 234 yards and two scores in addition to a combined 352 return yards on 19 touches. 	Electric returner. A threat to take the ball to the house any time he touches the football due to elusiveness and tremendous open-field vision. Shows good short area quickness and aggression. Fluid in his movements, and tracks the football well. Playmaker on the ball.
								Lacks the adequate size and strength to play outside corner. Questionable instincts. Prone to getting beat and giving up big plays in man coverage. Still unrefined in his technique. Multiple off the field issues, and a knee injury.
							
2013	Nickell Robey	2540197	CB	USC	Robey?s cousin is Carlton Thomas, was a tailback at Georgia (2009-11).  In his senior year of high school,  Robey had 764 yards on 88 carries (8.9 avg.) with nine touchdowns and caught 17 passes for 232 yards (13.7 avg.) with six touchdowns on offense, had 73 tackles, two interceptions and two forced fumbles on defense and averaged 17.1 yards on eight punt returns and 34.7 yards on seven kickoff returns. He also played baseball and track. At USC, Robey was a long jumper and sprinter on USC's track team. He had a 2012 season-best of 23-11 <U+00BD> to finish second in the long jump at the USC-UCLA Dual Meet. He joined with fellow footballers D.J. Morgan, Marqise Lee and Tony Burnett on a sprint relay quartet that ran 41.05 for third place at the 2012 Rossi Relays. 	Extremely fluid athlete. Smooth in turning his hips. Very light, quick feet. Agile. Reads the quarterback well and has quick reactions to receiver's movements. More physical than you'd expect at his size. Aggressive in the run game. Good ball skills.
								Frail build, likely limited to playing inside in the NFL. While he is physical, his hand usage isn't ideal, and he can still be pushed around by bigger, stronger receivers. Gets burned by gambling too much, overreacts to head fakes and jukes by receivers. Has trouble taking on blocks, tries to run around them. Will get sloppy with his tackling technique, and isn't strong enough to compensate.
							
2013	Darrington Sentimore	2540198	DE	Tennessee	NA	NA	NA
2013	Tharold Simon	2540199	CB	LSU	Simon was a dynamic athlete who starred at both receiver and cornerback in high school. He managed to catch 29 passes for 671 yards and four touchdowns as a senior despite missing several games with a shoulder injury. He also rushed for 122 yards and four TDs as a senior and registered 13 interceptions in his high school career. Coming out of high school, Simon was named to the Times-Picayune Blue-Chip List, the Baton Rouge Advocate Super Dozen and Mobile Press Register Super Southeast 120.	Has great height. Extremely long arms and frame. Tracks and locates the football well. the football well. Makes plays (22 pass breakups and seven interceptions) in three seasons. Fluid hips, can turn and run with receivers. Will use his hands throughout the route.
								Doesn't use his hands well at the line of scrimmage, poor pressing technique. Not always smooth in coming out of backpedal, takes elongated strides. Doesn't have tremendous feet, lacks quickness and the proper base.
							
2013	Dion Sims	2540200	TE	Michigan St.	Although Sims only played in two games as a senior and had just four catches for 86 yards (21.5 avg.) and one touchdown, people were well aware of his skills from the year prior. As a junior, Sims earned first-team all-state, first-team all-area and first-team All-Oakland County honors. He hauled in 29 passes for 604 yards (20.8 avg.) and three touchdowns. 11 of his 29 catches resulted in gains of 20 or more yards. He also showed off his athletic ability, as he also started at linebacker, where he recorded 39.5 tackles, with seven resulting in losses including 2.5 sacks. 	Has a massive frame, which makes him an inviting targets for quarterbacks to throw to. Soft hands and who catches the ball off of his frame. Uses his size to shield defenders from making a play on the ball. Tough to tackle with the ball in his hands, falls forward. Gains speed in the open field. Understands positioning and shows nimble feet as a run blocker. Good foot quickness as a pass blocker.
								Has trouble adjusting to difficult throws. Stiff in the hips, and not overly flexible. Slow to get off the line of scrimmage, takes time to get out of his stance. Not a mauling blocker like his size would indicate. Hands are often outside of the frame of the defender. Lunges at his blocking assignments. Will have his head down when blocking.
							
2013	Akeem Spence	2540201	DT	Illinois	As a three start recruit, Spence helped lead team to a 10-2 record and district championship, as he recorded 80 tackles and five sacks as a senior. Throughout his high school career, Spence also competed in track and field, as he threw shot put and discus. Spence chose Illinois over Iowa State, Syracuse, N.C. State and South Florida. He earned bachelor's degree in communication in Dec. of 2012	Good build, carries his weight well. Strong hands. Can jolt offensive lineman, and is a physical tackling presence. Moves down the line well, shows good range. Can hold at the point of attack. Lots of starting experience, doesn't tire easily.
								Doesn't explode off the ball. Fires off with higher than ideal pad level. Slow to use his hands. Won't run legs when engaged. Not the best at handling doubles. Not much of a pass rusher.
							
2013	Kenny Stills	2540202	WR	Oklahoma	Stills was a highly sought after four-star recruit. As a high school senior, he had 45 receptions for 914 yards and 10 touchdowns in 2009. Stills is the all-time leader in receiving yards in San Diego. He was named 2009 CIF first-team wide receiver. Kenny?s father, also named Kenny, played safety for the Green Bay Packers and Minnesota Vikings. Stills? uncle, Gary Stills, played for the Kansas City Chiefs and Baltimore Ravens.	Good athlete. Good first step off of the line of scrimmage well and has the speed to get behind cornerbacks and the quickness to create separation out of his breaks. Tracks the deep ball very well. Good hands. Flexible, and can make the adjustment to reel in off-target throws. Shows body control and the ability to catch the football at the high point.
								Lacks great size for the position. Doesn't appear to have elite speed. Not overly physical. Bigger, physical corners will give him issues, especially at the line. Concentration lapses, will drop easy passes. Maturity will be in question due to off-the-field incidents.
							
2013	Levine Toilolo	2540203	TE	Stanford	As a four-star prospect, and one of the highest rated tight end recruits in the country, Levine Toilolo (pronounced La-Veen Toy-lo-lo) starred at Helix Charter High School in La Mesa, Calif. Toilolo comes from a highly athletic family tree. He has three uncles: Dan Saleaumua, Edwin Mulitalo and Joe Salave'a, who played in the NFL. He also has two cousins in Jacob Tauanuu and Jericho Toilolo who played college football at San Diego State and Cal Lutheran, respectively. His cousin Mele Leasau played college basketball, and his other cousin Jennifer Saleaumua was an All-America volleyball player at the University of Nebraska. Toilolo?s sister, Chasity, was a track athlete at the University of Utah.	Toilolo has a massive frame. Good leaping ability, very difficult to defend in the end zone. Excels in the intermediate and deep game. Extends to catch the football. Has good acceleration. Coordinated enough to line up in the slot or outside in order to take advantage of mismatches. Comes off the line with little wasted motion. Good hip flexibility, and nimble feet.
								Extremely inconsistent. Will not always fully extend to make the catch. Slow with his hands as a blocker, and plays too high. Defenders can get into his chest and move him backwards. Routes can be a bit leggy, struggles in the short passing game. Can be effected by jams at the line.
							
2013	Spencer Ware	2540204	RB	LSU	Spencer Ware was a five-star dual-threat quarterback in high school out of Ohio. Ware eventually chose LSU over a number of other suitors to play running back. Ware contributed right away as he was used to spell former LSU, and current Patriots running back Stevan Ridley. Ware participated in 11 games and had 24 carries for 175 yards and one touchdown. 	Strong build, aggressive downhill runner. Presses the line and waits for his blocks to develop. Can run through arm tackle attempts by defensive lineman at the line of scrimmage. Racks up yards after contact. Excels in short yardage 
								Not a very fast running back, lacks an extra gear. Has a tendency to run high, susceptible to big hits. Doesn't possess much lateral agility, works much better north-south as opposed to east-west. Has struggled to keep his weight down during the season. Has been suspended for a positive drug test.
							
2013	Trabis Ward	2540205	RB	Tennessee St.	NA	NA	NA
2013	Menelik Watson	2540206	OT	Florida St.	Watson grew up in Manchester, England, and comes from a tough background. As an avid sports fan, Watson saw athletics as a way out of poverty, and a way to stay out of the streets. He played soccer most his early life, but moved on to basketball when he realized that he did not have a future in soccer. In 2007, he joined Orellana in Spain and was named a team captain of a traveling basketball team. After two years and a tour of the United States, Watson earned a basketball scholarship from Marist. Once Watson realized that wasn't going to work, he took up boxing. But this didn't last long, as Watson fell in love with Florida State and the game of football after a trip to see the Seminoles play.	Physical specimen. Great size, and tremendously athletic. Explosive first step. Good foot quickness. Showcases mobility and range as a blocker. Able to get to the second level and make cut off blocks. Flexible, bends well. Powerful punch.
								Still raw, limited football experience. Older than ideal. Hand placement is poor. Often hits outside of the frame, and will have a tendency to get overly grabby. Will result in more penalties in the NFL. Needs to play with a wider base. Inconsistent with his footwork.
							
2013	Steve Williams	2540207	CB	California	A consensus four star recruit, Williams was a SuperPrep and Prepstar All-American as a 2008 senior. In both his junior and senior years, Williams was first-team all-district and second-team all-state. Williams redshirted in his first year at California, after being named the nation's No. 37 freshman defensive back prior to the season by Phil Steele.	NA	NA
2013	Brad Wing	2540208	P	LSU	NA	NA	NA
2013	Cierre Wood	2540209	RB	Notre Dame	Cierre Wood was a highly touted four-star recruit coming out of high school. Wood was rated the 10th-best overall player nationally and second-best running back by Sporting News, the 76th overall player in Rivals100 by Rivals.com and rated as the eighth-best running back prospect in the country, and ESPN ranks him as 25th-best overall player in ESPNU150. In his senior year, Wood rushed for 1,632 yards and 20 TDs and caught eight passes for 182 yards and four TDs as senior following 2,612 yards rushing with 34 TDs during junior year. After his senior year, Wood was selected to play in 2009 U.S. Army All-American Bowl in San Antonio.	Wood has a good frame and possesses thick legs. Quick and shifty runner. Reaches maximum acceleration quickly. Willing to run up the middle and shows a burst. Good feet and makes controlled, fluid movements when moving laterally. Showcases good vision.
								Doesn't play with as much power as his frame would indicate. Unrefined as a blocker, showcases poor technique. Has had trouble holding down the starting running back job at Notre Dame. Ball security a question. Suspended for violation of team rules.
							
2013	Tom Wort	2540210	ILB	Oklahoma	As a high school senior, Wort was 2008 selected as First team all-class, all-star "Super Team" by Texas Football Magazine. He was also a Texas all-state honorable mention. As a junior, Wort recorded 213 tackles, 15 of which were for loss, four sacks, and three interceptions. As a senior, despite playing in only seven games, Wort recorded 62 tackles and had two interception returns for touchdowns. Wort was selected to participate in the ESPN Under Armor all-star game. 	Instinctive. Reads keys well, and times up his blitzes very well. Fast in short areas, closes well. Shows decent range. Aggressive player. Physical tackler. Looks comfortable in zone coverage. Gets proper depth on his drops.
								Lacks adequate size and bulk. Always banged up. Doesn't have much length. Gets locked onto blocks and struggles to disengage. Lags behind in man coverage. Doesn't have great tackling technique.
							
2013	Gavin Escobar	2540211	TE	San Diego St.	With the tight ends evolving into a more receiving focused position at the NFL level, Escobar is joining the league at just the right time. The former high school basketball player is a natural receiver and could project as a movable target to attack the defense from a variety of ways. Historically, few prospects leave San Diego State early to chase their NFL dreams, but Escobar saw former teammate Ronnie Hillman have some success when given touches.	Excellent hands catcher, very natural. Locates ball over shoulder very easily, picks the target out of the air effortlessly. Runs the seam like a wideout, long strides and eats up ground. Frequently beat defensive backs vertically, especially when they anticipated the route to be broken off. Absorbs contact even when catching away from body. Can sustain a run block if he gets inside hand position and latch. Frequently used in motion before the snap. Occasionally slow plays first few steps to get defensive back flat footed.
								Does not absorb or run through contact as well during routes as he does at the catch point. A straight-line mover after the catch, very little wiggle or straight-up tackle breaking. Not a blocker, either plays too close to his body or lunges from a distance. Soft and tentative on first contact. Was held out of the full-time starting role in 2011 because of it. Leads with elbows or shoulders when blocking.
							
2013	Stansly Maponga	2540212	DE	TCU	Maponga was the District 6-5A Defensive Player of the Year his senior year of high school. He totaled 71 tackles, including 5.5 sacks and also had over 20 quarterback hurries. He redshirted his first year on campus. However, in 2010, he made an impact as soon as he saw the field. Maponga started 12 games and tallied 32 tackles (three for loss), 2.5 sacks, and one forced fumble. He was named second-team All-Mountain West. 	Compact, powerful build with what appear to be long arms for his height. He has a solid punch with consistent hand placement. He's an aggressive player and can work his hands. Locks out his arms in order to create separation from his blocker. Physical. When he times up the snap well, he has a good first step. Showcases some flexibility.
								Doesn't have ideal height. Very inconsistent off the snap, at times will be the last one moving. Will get upright off the snap. Has a initial burst, but fails to find an extra gear in his pursuit to the backfield. Doesn't look comfortable in space. Struggles to counter when the offensive lineman gets his hands on him or hits him with a cut block.
							
2013	Collin Klein	2540213	QB	Kansas St.	Klein started off his career at Kansas State as a redshirt in 2008. In 2009, he saw extremely limited action, as he threw and completed just one pass for 27 yards. He also caught six passes for 38 yards and one touchdown. In 2010, Klein saw spot duty as a quarterback before getting starts against Colorado and Texas. Klein took over as the starter at quarterback in 2011, and earned first-team All-Big 12 honors. He completed 161 passes out of 281 attempts (57.3 percent) with a touchdown-to-interception ratio of 13-to-6. Klein also contributed 27 rushing touchdowns on 317 carries. Klein broke a 42-year-old record for Kansas State rushing touchdowns in a season. 	Good athlete with power in his lower body. Runs with power, and can break tackles. Shows great leadership and toughness. Good velocity in the short/intermediate passing game. Displays very good mobility within the pocket, able to elude defenders. Works through his progressions, and makes smart decisions.
								Plagued by inaccuracy. Awkward delivery, throws with a hitch which contributes to his inaccuracy. Struggles to lead receivers. Footwork needs to be cleaned up.
							
2013	Vance McDonald	2540215	TE	Rice	McDonald, the son of a former Texas Longhorns linebacker, did not receive the attention of large collegiate programs out of high school. One reason could be his hometown of Winnie, Texas, which has a population of less than 3,500 people. Even though he comes from a small town, McDonald has big-time talent and displayed plenty of that during Senior Bowl week.	Used all over the formation but mainly as a slot receiver. Smooth athlete, comfortable in space for someone his size. Engages with good hand placement when blocking, uses body to shield off running lane. Very long arms, flashes using them to his advantage when run blocking. Sticks to the latch even if jolted on first contact. Flashes driving smaller defenders to the ground. Fluid mover after the catch, natural with the ball in his hands, reads upfield blocks and cuts off of them. Plenty of receiver screens, shows patience and strength to finish off runs. Snap-to-whistle player, known to make multiple blocks on the same play. Comfortable with bucket catches. Quickly turns upfield and makes the most of each play. Can make contested catches. Hands catcher away from his body.
								Lacks strength on first contact. Majority of blocking took place in space, no inline, which could show in NFL. At least one drop or bobble per game, occurred even more often at the Senior Bowl. Most occur when he has to adjust or move off his stationary spot. Other times when the ball gets there quickly, unexpected targets. Would like to see him high point more frequently.
							
2013	Brian Schwenke	2540216	C	California	Schwenke (pronounced SHWANK-ee) was a three-star recruit coming out of high school. He was tabbed as the No. 44 offensive guard in the country and the No. 60 player overall in California by Rivals. In his senior season, Schwenke played both offense and defense, and was named first-team All-State, All-Area, All-County, All-San Diego Section and All-Valley League. Following his senior season, Schwenke earned MVP honors at the Palo Alto Nike Camp.	Extremely quick off the snap, gets his hands on his target very quickly. Quick to provide assistance on a double team, and aware of who needs help. Plays with a good, low pad level. Constantly wins the leverage battle. Gets his hands inside of the chest plate of defenders.
								Not an impressive body type. Needs to do a better job of being able to sit back into his blocks in pass protection. Lacks great power. Shotgun snaps are often placed low.
							
2013	Will Davis	2540217	CB	Utah St.	Davis only played one year of football at Central Valley (Wash.) High School, logging seven interceptions, while also tallying 33 tackles, two forced fumbles and one fumble recovery. He also played wide receiver, making 16 catches for 135 yards and four touchdowns. Davis also earned three letters in basketball and four in track. Davis was an honorable mention all-league honoree and team MVP as a senior in basketball and was a two-year starter.	Solid frame for the position. Possesses light, quick feet. Extremely fluid and coordinated athlete, changes direction well. Good balance and hips. Has the ability to drive on the football and break up passes. Tracks the football and can get his hands on the deep throw. Uses his hands through the route, not afraid to get physical, but is not overly grabby.
								Limited football experience. Could stand to add more weight and strength. Overaggressive nature. Susceptible to getting beat by double moves. Lacks the recovery speed to catch up to a receiver that has run by him. Has issues with beating blocks from the receiver. Will lower his head and give sub-par tackling efforts.
							
2013	J.J. Wilcox	2540219	FS	Georgia Southern	NFL.com draft analyst Daniel Jeremiah identified Wilcox as one of the winners of Senior Bowl week.	NA	NA
2013	Vince Williams	2540221	LB	Florida St.	NA	NA	NA
2013	Russell Sheppard	2540222	WR	LSU	NA	NA	NA
2013	B.J. Scott	2540223	S		NA	NA	NA
2013	Mike James	2540224	RB	Miami	Coming out of high school, James was listed as the No. 21 overall running back in the nation by Rivals. James rushed 198 times for 1,108 yards with 15 touchdowns as junior and had four receiving touchdowns. He ran for 1,300 rushing yards and 15 touchdowns as senior while also returning punts and two kickoffs for touchdowns.	Powerful build, with a thick lower half. Runs behind his pads, and keeps his legs churning on contact. Fights for the extra yard, often falls forward. Tough to bring down with arm tackles. Patient runner, always his blocks to develop. Light feet, and surprising agility. Runs with balance. Good blocker, can contribute on special teams.
								Not a burner, won't break off many big runs. Initial explosiveness is only average. Vision isn't great, fill miss open running lanes. Will find himself on his tippy-toes dancing in the backfield too much for a runner of his size.
							
2013	Tommy Bohanon	2540225	FB	Wake Forest	At North Fort Meyers High School, Bohanon totaled over 1,500 yards and 18 touchdowns in his career. In his final three years at the school, he earned all-district, all-conference and all-area honors. Bohanon also lettered in baseball. He ultimately chose Wake Forest over Michigan State and Louisville.	NA	NA
2013	Phillip Steward	2540226	LB	Houston	NA	NA	NA
2013	Garrett Gilkey	2540227	OT	Chadron St.	Gilkey proved to be both a true student and athlete throughout high school. A two-year starter at Aurora Christian High School, Gilkey helped lead his team to a 12-1 record and a trip to the state semifinals. He was named to the all-area and all-conference team for his stellar season. Gilkey also participated in track, baseball and wrestling, in addition to being a straight-A student. Gilkey found out about Chadron State through his high school coach, and decided to go there after a 14-hour trip to visit the campus. 	NA	NA
2013	Terron Armstead	2540228	OT	Arkansas-Pine Bluff	Armstead wasn?t only a very good football player in high school, but he was also a key part of a record-setting championship track and field team. In his senior year of high school, Armstead led the team with a toss of 62 feet, 3 inches in the shot put. Armstead received several Division I football scholarship offers coming out of high school, but elected to attend Arkansas-Pine Bluff because his coach, former Redskins linebacker Monte Coleman, was the only one that would allow him to also participate in track and field. Armstead not only managed to be a three-time All-SWAC football player, but also an eight-time SWAC champ in track and field.	Armstead is a fantastic athlete for the position. He is light on his feet in pass protection, and nimble when on the move. Agile, moves well in space, shows the quickness to get to the second level and cut off linebackers. Has been asked to pull all the way across the line and has shown effectiveness in doing so. Bends and redirects well. Extends his arms to keep pass rushers at bay. Not overwhelmed by defensive twists and stunts. Does a good job of selling play fakes, draws, and screens.
								Needs to improve lower body strength. Can get bull rushed back. Faced sub-par competition. Needs to speed up hands, and be more consistent with his aiming point. Gets to the second level quickly, but will struggle to locate his target, gets lost in space. Will lunge at defenders with his head down in the run game.
							
2013	Jordan Mills	2540229	OT	Louisiana Tech	Coming out of high school, Mills was a three-star recruit. In addition to lettering for four years as an offensive tackle, Mills played three years of basketball and threw shot put for the track and field team. As a football player, Mills was a two-time all-district selection, and he was an honorable mention for all-state for his senior season. Mills has three brothers and three sisters, but his cousin is the name that most people will recognize. Mills is the cousin of former Louisiana Tech and current Green Bay Packers cornerback Tramon Williams. Mills won?t be mistaken for a cornerback anytime soon, but his athletic prowess is obvious in his play.	Mills has tremendous size and power in his upper and lower body. Mills is always hustling, and doesn't stop working until the whistle blows. He shows good awareness on stunts and sells play action passes very well. Mills has a very good first step. Takes a powerful inside step to cut off defenders. Showcases this step and balance on seal and reach blocks. Coordinated, with a good pass set.
								Inconsistent in his aiming point. Will grab outside of the chest plate, which will result in holding calls. Mills isn't very quick off the snap, and can be beaten almost instantaneously because of this. Mills can also be found lunging at his blocks too often. Never played left tackle.
							
2013	Kyle Juszczyk	2540230	FB	Harvard	NA	NA	NA
2013	Alec Lemon	2540231	WR	Syracuse	As a team captain and Associated Press first-team high school senior, Alec Lemon rewrote Maryland high school football records. As a senior, he set Maryland state records for receiving yards (1,616) and tied state records for receptions (103) and touchdowns (23). In addition to his offensive contributions, on special teams, he returned three kickoffs for touchdowns, and as a safety, he had 30 tackles, intercepted six passes, and forced two fumbles. Lemon also earned letters in baseball and volunteered for the Arundel School Mentoring Program. 	NA	NA
2013	Jack Doyle	2540232	TE	Western Kentucky	At Catherdral High School, Doyle earned Special Selection All-State and Associated Press Honorable Mention All-State honors and was a key member of the 2006 state championship team. Following his senior season in which he caught 21 passes for 400 yards and four touchdowns, Doyle earned Indianapolis Star Honorable Mention All-City and First Team All-Catholic honors. Doyle also lettered in rugby, and won a state title in 2008. 	Big target, with a powerful build. Fires off the line of scrimmage, shows good explosiveness in his first couple of steps. Catches the ball away from his frame. Has the flexibility to contort to make the tough catch. Sent in motion a lot, works well on the move, showcasing plus mobility. Find soft spots in the zone, and has enough speed to threaten the seam. Physical blocker. Locks arms out and keeps his feet moving when engaged. Mirrors well as a pass protector, sells play fakes.
								Not tremendously fast. Has some issues in getting off the press. Will play to high as a blocker at times, resulting in defenders getting into his chest and jolting him. Too often finds himself overextended as a blocker, makes it easy for defenders to slip off. Needs to add more strength, especially in his lower body.
							
2013	Nick Kasa	2540233	TE	Colorado	In recent years, multiple high school tight ends have made the successful conversion to offensive tackle. Kasa (Cah-suh) is attempting a different path, moving from defensive end eight games into his junior season to tight end. The son of a collegiate offensive tackle and linebacker, Kasa's physical style from his time at defensive end and power fullback shows in his inline blocking, a skill that will serve him well early on.	NA	NA
2013	Joe Madsen	2540234	C	West Virginia	Madsen, who was born to Eric and Reta Madsen, is the youngest of four children. In high school, Madsen played both offensive tackle and defensive tackle. In high school, Madsen totaled 59 total tackles, including 21 solo stops, five sacks, 18 tackles for loss, and four forced fumbles. Despite his play on the defensive line, Madsen had always shown more promise on offense, as he was selected to the All-Ohio first team in his senior year, before he arrived in West Virginia.	Possess a solid, athletic frame. Very consistent with his shotgun snap. Is quick laterally, works well in short areas. Gets to the second level. Consistent in his aiming point, stays within the defender's frame.
								Doesn't deliver much of a jolt on contact, soft hands. Can get pushed back by stronger defensive tackles. Struggles to re-anchor. Feet can get heavy in his pass set. Not a sound cut blocker. Will get caught watching plays.
							
2013	Luke Ingram	2540235	LS	Hawaii	NA	NA	NA
2013	Ty Powell	2540236	DE	Harding	While Powell is a defensive end now, his high school career certainly wouldn?t have given you any indication of that. As a senior, Powell led Seaside High School to a state championship victory as the starting quarterback and cornerback. Powell?s career started at DeAnza College. As a sophomore, he was first team all-state, first-team All-Golden Gate Conference and Golden Gate Conference Defensive Most Valuable Player. In his sophomore year, he had 69 tackles, including 3.5 tackles for loss, two sacks, two interceptions, and five pass breakups.	NA	NA
2013	Jeff Locke	2540237	P	UCLA	NA	NA	NA
2013	Anthony Cantele	2540238	K	Kansas St.	NA	NA	NA
2013	Bobby Cowan	2540239	P	Idaho	NA	NA	NA
2013	Alex Dunnachie	2540240	P	Hawaii	NA	NA	NA
2013	Josh Hubner	2540241	K	Arizona State	NA	NA	NA
2013	Scott Kovanda	2540242	P	Ball St.	NA	NA	NA
2013	Brett Maher	2540243	K	Nebraska	NA	NA	NA
2013	Colby Cameron	2540244	QB	Louisiana Tech	Colby?s brother, Jordan, played tight end at the University of Southern California, and currently plays for the Cleveland Browns. Colby started out his career at Louisiana Tech as a redshirt in 2008. In 2009, he saw some limited action, participating in five games, and completing 14 of 26 passes for 142 yards. The following season, Cameron completed 54 of his 91 attempts for 461 yards and one touchdown to five interceptions. Cameron played in seven games in 2011, and logged six starts. He completed 97 of 172 passes for 11 touchdowns, two interceptions, and 1,403 yards. 	Great efficiency and production. Possesses some athletic ability. Smart, doesn't make many mistakes. Team leader. Quick release, and shows good anticipation. Throws a tight spiral, and has some surprising velocity on outside and intermediate patterns. Has good touch when dropping the deep ball in the bucket.
								Lacks prototypical size for the position. Arm strength is lacking. Will struggle to fit the ball into tight windows or to drive the ball downfield. Many of his reads were pre-determined and included easy completions. Only one full season of great production.
							
2013	Zach Allen	2540245	OG	N.C. State	Allen was a two time all-state left tackle at Tift County High School. He also fared quite well in the post season, as he played in the Georgia North/South All-Star Classic and earned MVP honors at the Nike Training Camp in Athens, Georgia.	NA	NA
2013	Braden Brown	2540246	OT	BYU	Brown comes from an athletic family, as his brother, Trevor, is currently a tight end for the Cougars, and his other brother, Les, was a basketball player at Westminster College. Braden Brown didn?t just spend his time at BYU playing football, as he participated in a service project with Engage Now Service Expedition to Cuenca, Ecuador to help build a school, build irrigation systems and taught young villagers how to play football. 	NA	NA
2013	Jordan Devey	2540247	OT	Memphis	Devey?s path to a successful college career was not exactly a cookie-cutter one. Devey not play football in high school after suffering from Osgood-Schlatters while playing football in junior high. Instead, he played the tuba as a member of the American Fork High School band. He also turned down multiple music scholarships to serve an LDS church mission after graduating from high school. However, his knee condition subsided and he went on to play football at Snow College. Devey started every game at left guard during his freshman season in 2009 before transitioning to left tackle in 2010. Following the 2010 season, he was named the team's Offensive Player of the Year and earned all-region and all-conference honors.	NA	NA
2013	Manase Foketi	2540248	OT	West Texas A&M	In high school, Foketi lettered for two seasons. In his 2007, after not allowing a single sack, he was named all-league, all-county and all-Southern California. Foketi went to Mt. San Antonio College after his high school days were over. In 2009, he was named a Second Team All-Southern California Football Association offensive lineman. He helped his team earn a combined 15-3 record over Foketi?s two seasons there, including a 13-1 mark and a national championship as a sophomore.	Stout frame with long arms. Good balance, and nice knee bend. Has the agility to move well laterally. Has the strength to control his opponent and ride him out of plays when he gets his hands inside their chest. Aggressive as a run blocker, seeks to knock people over.
								Limited experience. A bit of a guard/tackle tweener. Feet may not be quick enough to keep him at tackle. Isn't versed in deep pass sets. Maturity is a question after a somewhat hostile exit from Kansas State.
							
2013	Eric Herman	2540249	OG	Ohio	After a stellar season on the offensive line, and a defensive season that saw him record 48 tackles and a sack in his senior year of high school, Herman was certainly showered with honors. He earned first-team All-City Offensive and Defensive Line, first-team All-District Offensive Line, Co-Lineman of the Year, Division II Northwest District Lineman of the Year, first-team All-State Division II, and All-Toledo Blade honors.	NA	NA
2013	Mark Jackson	2540250	OT	Glenville St.	A native of Columbus, Ohio, Jackson earned second-team all-state as a senior in high school. Jackson was also named first-team all-district (Columbus Public) and all-city. He originally chose Illinois over Michigan, Minnesota and Oklahoma. In his first year at Illinois, Jackson took a redshirt.	NA	NA
2013	T.J. Johnson	2540251	C	South Carolina	Johnson graduated from Aynor (S.C.) High School in 2008. In his senior year, he earned first-team all-state honors as selected by the Associated Press. Johnson played in the 71st-annual Shrine Bowl of the Carolinas. Rivals.com ranked him as a three star prospect, the 13th-best offensive center in the nation and the 17th-best player in the state of South Carolina. Johnson ultimately chose South Carolina over offers from Vanderbilt, Duke, Wake Forest, East Carolina, Kentucky, Maryland and N.C. State.	Stands tall, and has a big frame. Carries his weight well, with adequate development in the upper and lower body. Lots of starting experience. Smart players, makes calls at the line. Shows good awareness on blitzes and stunts. Recognizes when his teammates need help and provides it. Finishes plays. Decent at getting to the second level.
								Inconsistent in his hand placement. Will grab outside the framework of a defender, resulting in holding penalties. Can be overwhelmed with initial quickness or when he is not the first to use his hands. Struggles to sink his hips. Has issues with mirroring defenders in space.
							
2013	Jamaal Johnson-Webb	2540252	OT	Alabama A&M	Alabama A&M has produced it?s fair share of NFL talent over the years, and Bulldog alum Robert Mathis is still playing at a Pro Bowl level. However, Johnson-Webb has the distinct honor of being the first ever Alabama A&M player ever invited to the NFL Combine. Johnson-Webb wasn?t highly recruited out of high school, as he only played football in his senior season, but now he has the opportunity to join Mathis in the NFL.	NA	NA
2013	Edmund Kugbila	2540253	OG	Valdosta St.	Kugbila was picked to participate in the NFL Scouting Combine, but this wasn?t likely the most fortuitous selection in his family?s history. Kugliba?s parents Cletus and Lucy, won a visa lottery that allowed their family to move to the United States from Ghana. Kugbila and his family moved to the U.S. in 2000 when he was 10 years old. His younger brother Romauld, an Archer grad, is a freshman on the West Georgia football team. Edmund began playing football in the seventh grade. His size and talent attracted schools such as Alabama, Georgia, Vanderbilt and Florida, but a low SAT score prevented him from academically qualifying for a Division I school.	NA	NA
2013	Stephane Milhim	2540254	OT	Massachusetts	Milhim was raised in Haiti, and did not play football until his freshman year of high school after being approached by the coaching staff. Milhim agreed and played offensive line at Charles Flanagan High School in Pembroke Pines, Florida, for coach Don Simon, who coached former UMass star Maikel Miret. Milhim was the team MVP in his senior year, and was a Sun-Sentinel All-County Honorable Mention. In addition to playing football, he was a state qualifier in track for the discus and shot put. Milhim also competed in both soccer and wrestling. 	NA	NA
2013	Vinston Painter	2540255	OT	Virginia Tech	Painter, who is the cousin of Virginia Tech receiver Randall Dunn, earned first-team All-Tidewater and first-team All-Eastern District honors on the offensive line as both a junior and senior at Maury High. He was also was second-team all-district as a defensive tackle. Painter actually began his Virginia Tech career at defensive tackle, as he worked there during the fall of his redshirt season, before he moved to offense for spring practice.	NA	NA
2013	Jason Weaver	2540256	OT	Southern Miss	After playing football at Edna Carr High School, Weaver started his college career at Arizona Western Community College. He spent two seasons there, where his team finished 9-2 in his second season and earned a trip to the 2009 Mississippi Bowl. Weaver was an NJCAA All-American, first team All-Region I, and All-WSFL selection. Weaver played every game for the Matadors played in two seasons, and started all but one. 	NA	NA
2013	Justice Cunningham	2540257	TE	South Carolina	Cunningham attended Central High School in Pageland, South Carolina. In 2009, he earned First-Team All-State honors. He helped Central reach the 2008 Class AA state finals and a 14-1 record playing both tight end and defensive end. Cunningham collected 20 sacks in his senior year, but was deemed to be a better tight end prospect, mostly due to his blocking skills. Cunningham also excelled in basketball. He chose South Carolina over Michigan State and North Carolina State.	Very good blocker, acts as a third offensive tackle at times. Quick hands and light feet. Powerful punch, and can get a push or turn the shoulder of defenders. Savvy route running, sells body fakes to create separation. Adjusts well to the football.
								Not an explosive athlete. Doesn't jump off the line of scrimmage. Not very fast, won't consistently threaten the seam. Doesn't always make catches off his body. Lacks great height and length. Limited production.
							
2013	Travis Kelce	2540258	TE	Cincinnati	In high school, Kelce was a three sport star, but his best sport was always football. He was a three-year letter winner at quarterback, and earned All-Lake Erie League honors after totaling 2,539 yards of total offense and 31 total touchdowns as a senior.  Kelce?s uncle Don Blalock played football at Purdue and grandfather Don Blalock played football at Ohio. Travis is the younger brother of former Cincinnati Bearcats and current Philadelphia Eagles center Jason Kelce.	Kelce has an ideal tight end frame. Athletic for his size, with great strength, and the ability to stretch the field vertically. Very physical run blocker, generates power from the lower half, and will move defenders off the ball. Plays with leverage. Wide catching radius, can adjust and make the difficult catch. Tough to bring down after the catch. Light feet, and has lined up in numerous different positions.
								Suspended for an entire season for violating team rules. Only one season of production. Doesn't have blazing speed. Not a tremendously explosive athlete. Doesn't come out of his breaks all that well.
							
2013	MarQueis Gray	2540259	QB	Minnesota	Gray attended Ben Davis High School, where he was a three-year starter. He was a highly touted dual threat quarterback prospect, who participated in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl. In that game, he completed 3 of 7 passes for 56 yards and a touchdown, while rushing for 41 yards and a TD. 	NA	NA
2013	Alan Bonner	2540260	WR	Jacksonville St.	Bonner played at Newnan High School and was a first-team All-State selection as a junior and senior at wide receiver. He finished his senior year (in which he was a team captain) with 54 catches for 1,100 yards and 15 touchdowns. He was named All-State by the Atlanta Journal Constitution and by CSS television after his senior year. Bonner was also a two-time All-District and All-Region performer and helped the Cougars win a pair of Region Championships. 	NA	NA
2013	Corey Fuller	2540261	WR	Virginia Tech	Corey Fuller is the brother of current Hokie Kyle Fuller and former Hokie and NFL player Vincent Fuller. In high school, Corey lettered two seasons in football as the quarterback for Leonard Hart at Woodlawn High, but was much more heralded as a track star. Fuller was a Nike indoor track All-American as a senior, after he helped his team win first team all-state indoor and outdoor track honors as a senior.	Fuller is quite fast and can run away from defensive backs. Explosive out of his cuts, which aids him in getting separation. Fluid hips and good flexibility, which allows him to make smooth transitions up the field. Impressive in changing directions, can make people miss.
								Doesn't explode off the line, and takes a few strides to get up to full speed. Still raw in his technique, deliberate in his routes. Needs to do a better job of being more physical in his routes with his hands, and needs to prove he can handle the press. Also needs to prove he can track the football and come away with the contested catch. Lacks pop as a blocker, will get pushed backwards.
							
2013	Mark Harrison	2540262	WR	Rutgers	In high school, Harrison was a three-time letter winner, who started for two seasons at wide receiver and averaged an astonishing 27.4 yards per catch. Harrison won two state championships, and was an All-State selection in his senior season. Harrison also ran track and was named Connecticut Post First Team Spring All-Star in his senior season. 	Great size, with a powerful build. Long arms. Uses his body to shield defenders from the football. Does a good job of coming back to the football. Better feet and quickness on comeback routes than you'd expect. Big-play and red-zone threat. Difficult to bring down with the ball in his hands, will run through arm tackles. Competitor. Good footwork as a blocker, extends arms, and gains proper position.
								Inconsistent with his hands, will drop some easy ones. Doesn't always extend off his frame like he should. A bit stiff in the hips, and will struggle with outbreaking routes. Will too frequently catch his targets as a blocker instead of attacking. Never has had tremendous production.
							
2013	Sean Renfree	2540263	QB	Duke	Renfree was a four-year letterman at Notre Dame Prep High School. As a senior, he completed 197-of-357 passes for 3,353 yards and 41 TDs with just six INTs. In his junior year, Renfree, threw for 2,483 yards and 25 TDs with five interceptions. Renfree finished off his high school career by completing 23-of-33 passes for a state championship game record 411 yards and five TDs against Cottonwood Mingus. He was named Arizona?s Big School Class 5A and 4A Player of the Year and to the All-Arizona team as a senior by The Arizona Republic.	Tall, with a well built frame. Possesses decent athletic ability for his size. Strong arm, can make all the throws. Shows velocity on out patterns and deep routes. Solid footwork and a smooth release. Does a good job of throwing receivers open. Willing to take chances.
								Has never put up great numbers. Will make poor decisions that lead to interceptions. There are times when he won't work through his progressions properly, and will simply lock on to his intended target. Injury history.
							
2013	T.J. Moe	2540264	WR	Missouri	Moe was a dual threat high school quarterback at Fort Zumwalt West High School. Moe was named the Missouri ESPN Rise Gatorade Football Player of the Year as a senior in 2008, when he amassed 2,557 passing yards (31 touchdowns) and added an astonishing 2,029 rushing yards (30 touchdowns).	Compact, and solid frame. Works well over the middle, showing the toughness to hold onto the ball after taking a hit. Physical and aggressive route runner. Reliable hands. Good quickness in and out of his breaks.
								Doesn't have any truly remarkable qualities. Only one year of great production. Lacks ideal height, and is limited to being an inside receiver in the pros. Not the widest catching radius.
							
2013	Tracy Moore	2540265	WR	Oklahoma St.	NA	NA	NA
2013	Lanear Sampson	2540266	WR	Baylor	Lanear (pronounced "luh-NEER?) played at North Mesquite High School, in Mesquite, Texas. Sampson was the 50th best receiver in the nation, and a three star recruit according to Rivals.com. Sampson is an Academic All-Big 12 honoree, and a two-time member of the Big 12 Commissioner?s Honor Roll. He also participated in a mission trip, along with other Baylor athletes, to Kenya, in both 2010 and 2011. 	Solid build, good bulk. Explosive vertically, finds ways to get behind cornerbacks. Tracks the football well and has good, soft hands. Good vertical. Looks to have long arms for his height. Extends arms and catches the football away from his frame. Not afraid to be physical in his route.
								Lacks great height for the position. Has never been the go to receiver at Baylor. Not explosive off the line of scrimmage, has build up speed. Doesn't have great flexibility or fluidity. Leggy coming out of cuts and breaks.
							
2013	Ace Sanders	2540267	WR	South Carolina	NFL teams love NFL pedigree. Sanders has those blood lines thanks to his father, Tracy Sanders, who played safety in the league and at Florida State. Despite the connection, Sanders was not offered a scholarship by the Seminoles out of high school and chose South Carolina over West Virginia and Rutgers, among others. Regardless, having the resource of a former NFL defensive back to help with routes in the backyard certainly doesn't hurt.	NA	NA
2013	Ryan Spadola	2540268	WR	Lehigh	NA	NA	NA
2013	C.J. Anderson	2540269	RB	California	Anderson wears the number 9 in honor of a high school friend by the name of Mike Pennerman, who died as a result of injuries he suffered in a high school football game. As a high school player at Bethel High School, Anderson was a two-time Vallejo Times Herald MVP and first-team selection. He rushed for nearly 4,000 yards during his prep career as he led his squad to four consecutive playoff appearances, including a spot in the Sac-Joaquin Section title game as a junior in 2007 when he was named the Vallejo Times Herald Athlete of the Year. 	NA	NA
2013	Miguel Maysonet	2540270	RB	Stony Brook	Some prospects transferred at one point in their collegiate career. Even more NFL players are cut at least once in their professional careers. But few prospects are playing for a program that ends up being cut by the school. Maysonet fits in this category, as he started his career at Hofstra in 2009 just before the sport was removed. He led the Pride in rushing that season, tallying 385 yards and three touchdowns.	Sees snaps from single back, I formation, and pistol. Decisive upfield cuts to continue forward momentum. Sees front side lanes even if run calls for different gap. Determined runner, little wasted movement, makes a choice and sticks to it. Refuses to go down on first contact, takes some big hits because of it. Patient on zone read and sticks with mesh point. Always churning his legs, that's his best quality, never stops. Rarely anything fancy. Protects the football confidently and absorbs contact. Has enough long speed to sustain.
								Runs a bit upright, arms flailing to keep balance on occasion. Rarely looks back side for cut back lanes. Eyes can be bigger than stomach in terms of hurdling tacklers in the open field. Does not possess break away speed. Lacks creative quickness to create when stopped behind the line of scrimmage.
							
2013	Onterio McCalebb	2540271	RB	Auburn	In high school, McCalebb?s senior year included 1,995 yards rushing and 27 TDs. He also had 11 receptions for 300 yards, and two kick returns for scores. McCalebb went to a prep school, Hargrave Military Academy, before attending Auburn. In his one prep school season, he rushed for 755 yards and four TD in eight games. He also returned a kick 95 yards for a score, a punt 96 yards for a TD and scored on a 68-yard screen pass. His play earned him the billing as Rivals.com?s top prep school running back prospect.	Very fast, impressive open field burst. Light feet. Smooth hips. Impressive stop-start and change of direction ability. Can line up in the slot. Catches the ball off his frame and can reel in difficult passes. Gets his head turned quickly after the catch. Follows his blockers well on screens and swing passes. Kick return skills.
								Extremely frail build, especially in the legs. Doesn't display any kind of power in between the tackles, looks to bounce the ball outside. Fails to break many tackles. Not overly sudden with open-field moves, mainly relies on speed. Not asked to block much, but struggles when he stays in to block.
							
2013	Lonnie Pryor	2540272	FB	Florida St.	Coming out of Okeechobee High School, Pryor was a consensus four-star running back prospect. Pryor rushed for 2,281 yards and 20 TDs as a senior. He earned 4A All-State honors twice after piling up more than 4,000 rushing yards and 40 TDs over his final two seasons. Pryor ultimately chose FSU after entertaining 17 FBS offers, including Florida, South Carolina, North Carolina, Boston College and Wake Forest.	Powerfully built lower half. Athletic. Impressive cut blocker. Shows good technique and uses this skill in both the run and pass game. Understands positioning and leverage. Shows consistent hand positioning. Keeps legs moving on contact. Shows the natural ability to pluck the football and turn up field.
								Is a bit of a 'tweener, as he's most effective when his bulk is more like that of a running back. Narrow upper body, lacks great functional power. Won't push or drive defenders out of the hole. Will waste some steps in the backfield. Struggles with moving targets.
							
2013	Zac Stacy	2540273	RB	Vanderbilt	A pivotal part of James Franklin's growth of the Vanderbilt program, Stacy was one of the most consistent runners in the country throughout his career. His best accomplishments might actually be off the field, as Stacy majored in Special Education and frequently volunteers with local charities to do his part of community service. The senior did hit some rough patches as a freshman and sophomore, failing to finish those two seasons due to injuries, an ankle issue in 2009 and a head injury in 2010.	NA	NA
2013	Matthew Tucker	2540274	RB	TCU	Mixed in with a good number of short, speedy runners, Tucker brings the weight to the table. He was forced to wait until his senior year to claim the majority of starts, but Tucker earned his fair share of carries every season. A team looking for a bigger back in the later rounds could certainly turn their attention to Tucker.	NA	NA
2013	Braden Wilson	2540275	FB	Kansas St.	In high school, Wilson was a two-way player, who started at both at running back and defensive end. He eventually went on to be a Kansas Top 11 selection and First Team KFBCA All-State selection in 2007. In addition to his football prowess, Wilson was also an all-league basketball player and state qualifier in the discus and long jump.	NA	NA
2013	T.J. Barnes	2540276	DT	Georgia Tech	Few prospects are born with the size of Barnes, but the biggest issue is finding a position that fits such a mammoth sized player. For Barnes, it was nose tackle int he Yellow Jackets three man front. The senior played behind Vance Walker, a current NFL player, who helped shape the interior behemoth to the player he is today.In fact, Barnes's brother, former FSU tight end Beau Reliford, already went through the draft prroess last season.	NA	NA
2013	David Bass	2540277	DE	Missouri Western	Just like every year, a few small schoolers break onto the scene and perform very well on an equal playing field. Bass is one of these prospects, as he was the most consistent pass rusher at the East-West Shrine game. The senior broke two records during his final year at Missouri Western State breaking the school's career sack (39.5) and consecutive starts (50). When asked the one word to describe himself, Bass answered "beast".	NA	NA
2013	Armonty Bryant	2540278	DE	East Central (OK)	Bryant originally enrolled at Abeline Christian. He spent one season there, in which he did not play. After leaving the program, Bryant transferred to Cisco Junior College (Texas) before ultimately transferring to Eastern Central. 	NA	NA
2013	Nick Williams	2540279	DT	Samford	Williams only played one year of high school football. In his lone season, his senior year, Williams played both offensive and defensive line. He recorded 25 tackles, two interceptions (one of which he returned for a touchdown), one fumble recovery, and knocked down two passes. Due to only playing one season, he was lightly recruited. Williams chose Samford for its close proximity to his home.	NA	NA
2013	Sam Barrington	2540280	OLB	South Florida	At Terry Parker High School, Barrington was a three-star prospect at linebacker, but he also played running back, where he logged 1,188 yards rushing and 17 touchdowns on 108 carries as a senior.  While playing all of the linebacker sports, he racked up 109 tackles, five sacks, one interception, two forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries and six pass breakups. Barrington picked USF over Miami, Purdue and Illinois, among others.	NA	NA
2013	Brandon Hepburn	2540281	ILB	Florida A&M	Hepburn lettered in football and wrestling at North Rockland High School in Thiells, N.Y. In his senior season, he earned the Journal News Scholar Athlete award after amassing 132 tackles, eight sacks and one interception. Hepburn was also a member of the National Honor Society and the Science Honor Society. His older sister Yvana is a hurdler for the USF women's track team.  He walked on to the Florida A&M football team while carrying a full academic load in biochemistry. During a summer internship, he successfully found a way to kill certain cancer cells in rats using copper-loaded nano particles. Hepburn dreams of owning a biochemical company so he can lead research that will eradicate deadly diseases.	NA	NA
2013	Nick Moody	2540282	OLB	Florida St.	Moody helped his Roman Catholic High School team to the league championship as a senior. Throughout his career, he played cornerback, safety and linebacker on defense, and receiver on offense. Heralded as a four star prospect and one of the top high school players in Pennsylvania, Moody chose FSU over offers from Penn State, Georgia Tech, Michigan State and Temple. 	NA	NA
2013	Josh Evans	2540283	FS	Florida	In his career at Irvington, Evans rushed for 1,403 yards and 14 touchdowns and completed 123 of 190 pass attempts for 1,856 yards and 18 touchdowns. In his senior year, he recorded 78 tackles and seven interceptions, which helped him get named the Star-Ledger Essex County Player of the Year and first-team all-state. Evans also led his high school track team to the Group 3 Track co-state championship title competing in hurdles, relay and high jump. He ultimately chose Florida over Oklahoma, Pittsburgh and Purdue.	NA	NA
2013	Aaron Hester	2540284	CB	UCLA	Hester, who is related to Chicago Bears receiver Devin Hester, starred in both track and football at Dominguez High School, which is located in Compton, Calif. Hester was a three-time all-state track performer, and anchored the 4x400 meter relay team to a win with the fastest time (3:09.59) by a California school since 1997 and the fastest ever by a school in the Compton and Long Beach areas. As a football player, Hester was a four star recruit who in his senior season was a team captain and made 86 tackles, 14 pass deflections, and five interceptions as a corner, in addition to the 20 catches for 625 yards and six touchdowns he contributed at wide out.	Great frame for the position. Has long arms and strength. Good athlete. Appears to run well, and changes directions smoothly. Fluid in his hips. Also showcases enough lateral agility to stick with receivers. Feels the receiver's route develop. Aggressive run defender, attacks downhill and wraps up.
								Doesn't have great ball skills. Will struggle to get his head turned. Lacks great acceleration moving forward, doesn't stop his feet and drive on the football as well as you'd like. A bit unrefined from a technique standpoint. Gets latched on to receiver blocks. Shows some difficulties in zone coverage.
							
2013	Keelan Johnson	2540285	SS	Arizona State	Johnson starred as a running back and defensive back for Mesa High School in Arizona. He also played basketball, but really made his mark in football. In his senior season, Johnson totaled 16 offensive touchdowns, 59 tackles, and three interceptions. He ultimately chose to stay in his home state, as he decided to take a scholarship from Arizona State over one from Arizona.	NA	NA
2013	Demetrius McCray	2540286	CB	Appalachian St.	In his high school senior year, McCray was named county?s Athlete of the Year. He played quarterback and defensive back, and contributed over 1,600 yards of total offense, seven interceptions, seven pass breakups, 40 tackles and a forced fumble. 	NA	NA
2013	Rontez Miles	2540287	FS	California (PA)	Miles was recruited by many big name schools coming out of high-school, but he decided to enroll at Kent State so that he could play with his step-brother Vondre Griffin. In Miles? first season at Kent State, Griffin was dismissed from the program after allegations of possession of marijuana and driving without a license. He was eventually cleared of the charges, but Miles decided to leave the program with Griffin no longer there. He spent the following year working in a warehouse while taking classes at a community college, before enrolling at California University of PA. His honors at the program included: PSAC Freshman of the Year, four All PSAC-West selections, back to back Defensive Player Of The Year awards, and two-time Division II All American honors. 	NA	NA
2013	Darius Slay	2540288	CB	Mississippi St.	Slay lettered in basketball and was a standout in the 100- and 200-meter sprints in high schools, but he excelled the most with football. Slay was an all-state running back and defensive back. In his senior year of high school, Slay rushed for over 1,300 yards and 15 touchdowns in addition to intercepting six passes with two touchdown returns. He started his career at junior college, and as a freshman, Slay was recognized as first-team All-State and All-Region 23 at cornerback and a second-team All-State kick returner. For the season he recorded 41 total tackles and two fumbles forced with three interceptions. The following year, Slay earned first-team All-State for both his defensive play and kick return talents by the Mississippi Association of Junior College Coaches.	Slay has a good build for the position and long arms. Gets good use out his length and will use his hands to disturb receivers during the route. Very good at attacking the hands and arms as the receiver goes for the reception, forces a lot of drops. Works across the face of his blockers, and creates separation with his length. Physical tackler. Solid hands. Talented special teams player and a hard worker.
								On the slimmer side and could stand to add strength. Stays too upright in his backpedal. Doesn't have the quickest feet, faster receivers could give him issues. Struggles with putting his foot in the ground and driving on the ball. Lacks great change of direction skills. Can get locked on blocks when trying to attack downhill. Not an impressive blitzer.
							
2013	Jawanza Starling	2540289	SS	USC	As a standout defensive back at Lincoln High in Tallahassee, Florida, Starling?s high school honors included: Sporting News Top 100, Super Prep All-American, Prep Star All-American, Super Prep All-Dixie and Prep Star All-Southeast. He made 50 tackles in 2008, after a junior season that included 98 tackles, 10 tackles for losses, five forced fumbles and two interceptions. He also played baseball at Lincoln.	NA	NA
2013	Daxton Swanson	2540290	CB	Sam Houston St.	Swanson earned second team all-state honors as a cornerback and honorable mention selection as a wide receiver as a high school player. In his senior year, he led the state in interceptions with 13, in addition to totaling 56 tackles and 20 pass break-ups. In addition to his football skills, Swanson member of state runner-up 4-100 relay team. Swanson started his career at Toledo, where he played in 2009. He had seven pass breakups and one forced fumble in 10 appearances.	NA	NA
2013	Kayvon Webster	2540291	CB	South Florida	In addition to football in high school, Webster also lettered in track. As a two-time first-team All-Dade selection football player, he saw action on both sides of the ball and as a return specialist. In his junior season, he caught 30 passes for 500 yards and eight TDs in addition to recording 65 tackles, four sacks, seven forced fumbles and 10 fumble recoveries. He also had a kick return for a touchdown as a junior. 	NA	NA
2013	J.C. Tretter	2540292	OT	Cornell	The Tretter family is well acquainted with Cornell. JC has three uncles who attended Cornell, including David Tretter ?78, who lettered two times during a four-year football career for the Big Red. JC?s sister, Katherine, also currently attends Cornell. At Akron High School, Tretter was a three-year starter on both offense and defense, and earned captain and MVP honors for the team in his junior and senior season. He was named to the Class C all-state second-team as a senior. Tretter also starred in basketball, graduating as Akron Central?s all-time leading scorer and rebounder. A four-year starter and three-time all-league first-team selection, Tretter was named Western New York Player of the Year and to the All-Western New York third team as a senior.	Athletic build. Possess light feet, and has the athletic ability to mirror pass rushers. Flexible, shows the ability to bend. Moves well laterally. Plays with good balance. Quick off the ball. Recognizes stunts and blitzes well, and has the coordination to execute multiple blocks in these situations.
								Limited experience and played against weak competition. Will likely have to move to guard, due to a lack of length. Lacks core strength. While he's light on his feet, his foot quickness needs to improve.
							
2013	Cooper Taylor	2540317	S	Richmond	The large safety put together a good week of practice at the East-West Shrine Game, showing tight angles and awareness in coverage.	NA	NA
2013	Zach Rogers	2540318	WR	Tennessee	NA	NA	NA
2013	William Campbell	2540319	DT	Michigan	NA	NA	NA
2013	Ray Ray Armstrong	2540320	SS	Miami	The former Hurricanes safety was forced to sit out the 2012 season after attempting to transfer to Faulkner University, which plays at the NAIA level. Instead, he spent the season in a coaching role and is now looking to get his playing career back on track.	NA	NA
2014	Jadeveon Clowney	2543456	DE	South Carolina	Two-time First-Team All-SEC. First Team All-American in 2012 when he finished sixth in Heisman voting and was the SEC Defensive Player of the Year. 2013: Played and started in 11 games. Second on team with 11.5 TFL. Ticketed two separate times for speeding (going 110 mph in a 70 and going 84 mph in a 55). Told coaches before the UK game that his ribs were too sore for him to play. Also missed the Coastal Carolina game with bone spurs in his right foot and has decided to not have surgery. 2012: First sophomore to win Hendricks Award (nation?s best DE). Finalist for Nagurski, Lombardi and Bednarik awards. Set school single-season record for sacks (13.0) and TFL (23.5). Played in and started 12 of 13 games. Did not play vs Wofford due to sprained foot. 2011: SEC Freshman of the Year. Second Team All-SEC. SEC All-Freshman team. Freshman All-American. Played in all 13 games with 1 start (opener vs. East Carolina). High School: Consensus No. 1 player in country. USA Today?s National Defensive Player of the Year. Mr. Football in South Carolina.	Looks every bit the part. Athletic marvel with raw explosive power and rare speed for his size. Is physically tough and will battle through injuries. Can collapse the corner with ease and rag-dolls blockers. Highly disruptive -- creates a lot of pressure and flushes production to his teammates. Can split the double team and closes in a hiccup. Plays with leverage and power in his hands -- converts speed into power and bulls blockers into the backfield. Disrupts a quarterback's vision with long arms and can bat down balls. Seldom leaves the field. Flashes playmaking ability and can produce athletic feats in a category with few others before him. Versatile -- lines up everywhere along the line and can win with strength, power, quickness and speed. Has the personality of a pleaser and does not like to disappoint coaches or teammates. 
								Is more thinly built in the lower body. Inconsistent technician. Has a tendency to play tall. Down-to-down effort lacks consistency. Lacks discipline on and off the field and has had to be managed closely since he arrived on campus. Needs to learn what it means to be a pro. Plays in spurts and is too much a of flash player -- does not consistently dominate like he could. Is still immature and finding his way -- too much of a follower.  
							
2014	Sammy Watkins	2543457	WR	Clemson	2013: Second-team All-American selection and first-team All-ACC pick. Finished first in school history in receptions (240) and receiving yards (3,391). Had 16 receptions for 227 yards receiving and 268 all-purpose yards in Orange Bowl win over Ohio State; was named game MVP. 2012: Honorable mention All-ACC pick after playing in 10 games and making seven starts. Served a two-game suspension to start season for offseason drug arrest, missing games against Auburn and Ball State. Also missed Boston College game with an abdominal virus. 2010: First-team All-American as an all-purpose player. Fourth true freshman to be first-team All-American (Herschel Walker in 1980, Marshall Faulk in 1991 and Adrian Peterson in 2004). ACC Rookie of the Year pick and a semifinalist for the Walter Camp Player of the Year and Biletnikoff Award (nation's top receiver). First-team All-ACC selection after playing in all 13 games and making 10 starts. 	Exceptional football playing speed -- can flat out fly and take the top off a defense. Has world-class track speed. Extends outside his frame and plucks the ball. Outstanding body control and agility. Tracks the ball well over his shoulder and is a natural hands-catcher who can make an average quarterback look good. Consistently turns 2-yard gains into 15-yard chunks -- possesses big-time playmaking ability and is very effective creating in the open field on bubble screens and quick-hitting short/lateral tosses. Superb run-after-the-catch ability. Good burst out of his cuts to separate. Has game-breaking return ability and is a threat to score every time he touches the ball. Has a strong support structure (mother moved to Clemson following Wakins' 2012 drug arrest and he has steered clear of any trouble). 
								Production results heavily from a gimmicky offense. Routes could use some more polish. Does not consistently work the middle of the field. Could improve field awareness. Is still immature and could require some time to acclimate to an NFL playbook. Could stand to improve ball security and do a better job fielding punts. 
							
2014	Greg Robinson	2543458	OT	Auburn	Started 25 of 26 games played at Auburn. 2013: Third-team All-American selection after starting all 14 games at left tackle. Helped Auburn lead FBS in rushing yards per game (328.3). 2012: Started in 11 of 12 games at left tackle, playing but not starting against Alabama A&M. 2011: Redshirted. High School: No. 2-rated guard nationally by Rivals.com, and No. 7-rated guard nationally by Scout.com. Was a two-time All-State selection. Robinson did not play offensive line until junior year after starting out on defensive line.	Has long arms and excellent overall body mass. Outstanding run blocker with the strength and power to wash down half of the line. Creates a surge and generates power from his lower body. Good get-off and body control. Excellent reach-blocking, chipping and releasing to the second level. Very good balance in his set and is quick to cut off the rush. Can maneuver his hips, shuffle, slide and mirror. Has a strong punch and replaces his hands. Very athletic in vertical sets.
								Could stand to refine his technique in pass protection and do a better job finishing blocks. At times will quit after contact and let defenders come underneath or get over the top -- handwork is too passive. Developing eyes and awareness vs. the blitz -- still learning how to adjust to overload pressure and could improve switching off blocks. Aggressively overextends and occasionally loses balance and falls off blocks. 
							
2014	Anthony Barr	2543459	OLB	UCLA	Switched to OLB in 2012, after spending first two seasons at running back. 2013: First Team All-American. Led team in TFL and sacks. 2012: Encouraged to switch positions by new head coach Jim Mora. Second Team All-American. First Team All-Pac 12. Led team in sacks and TFL. Second on team in tackles. Started all 14 games at OLB. 2011: Played in 12 games with seven starts. Also played special teams. 2010: Played in all 12 games with four starts. Winner of John Boncheff, Jr. Memorial Award for Offensive Rookie of the Year. High School: Missed virtually all of his senior season with a broken ankle. SuperPrep All-American. Selected to U.S. Army All-American game but was unable to play. 1,890 rush yards, 20 TD as junior. Misc: Dad, Tony Brooks played fullback at Notre Dame and was a fourth-round pick of the Philadelphia Eagles in the 1992 NFL Draft. Three uncles also played in the NFL. 	Exceptional take-off speed, acceleration and closing burst. Makes plays effortlessly in back-side lateral pursuit. Outstanding recovery quickness to make plays (when he is out of position). Explosive striker. Can produce "wow" plays when he triggers quickly or releases cleanly and has developed a reputation for knocking quarterbacks out of games (see USC, 2012 and New Mexico State, 2013).
								Developing instincts -- late to locate the ball and too easily fooled by play-action and misdirection. Motor runs hot and cold -- does not always apply himself. Can be locked down too easily when engaged -- unrefined hand use. Lacks variety of pass-rush moves and relies too much on natural speed. Average eyes, anticipation and awareness in coverage -- marginal feel.  Average base strength -- moved off the ball too easily by tight ends (plays tall).  
							
2014	Timmy Jernigan	2543461	NT	Florida St.	2013: Second Team All-American. First Team All-ACC. Started all 14 games. 2012: Suffered an MCL injury in spring practice. Played in 13 games with two starts. Did not play at Miami. 2011: Played in all 13 games as true freshman. Led FSU interior linemen with 30 tackles. High School: All-USA Today First Team. U.S. Army All-American. 	Strong for his size and clogs the middle. Has disruptive ability. Bends his knees and plays with leverage. Able to stack, locate and shed. Wraps and rips down ball carriers. Coordinated hands and feet. Is difficult to engage -- has quick, active paws. Can slap, rip and swim to beat blockers and turns up the heat on passing downs. Good foot athlete for his size -- changes direction well, gives effort in pursuit and ranges outside the box. Will be a 21-year-old rookie.
								Has a fleshy midsection. Lacks ideal height and overall body length. Average get-off. Can be overpowered at the point or neutralized when bigger, longer blockers get into his frame. Limited two-gap ability. Average playing range. Stiff-legged and does not change direction easily. Could stand to improve his stamina. Was a rotational player prior to junior season and would tire and take himself out in critical situations.
							
2014	Johnny Manziel	2543462	QB	Texas A&M	Left school as a third-year sophomore. Won 2012 Heisman Trophy. 2012 Davey O?Brien Award Winner as nation's top quarterback. Two-time First-Team All-SEC. 2013: Finished fifth in Heisman voting. Started all 13 games. Led team in rushing with 759 yards. Suspended for first half of opener vs. Rice for violating NCAA bylaw saying student-athletes cannot permit their manes or likenesses to be used for commercial purposes. 2012: First Freshman to ever win Heisman Trophy. SEC Offensive Player of the Year. SEC Freshman of the Year. First Team All-SEC. Led the team in rushing with 1,410 yards. 2011: Redshirted. High School: A three-star player who was also recruited by Oregon. Misc: Arrested on June 29, 2012 for showing fake ID to police after getting into a fight at a College Station bar. Pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charge of failing to properly identify himself to police.	Has very big hands and grips the ball well on the move. Dynamic athlete. Exceptional game-day competitor -- rises to the occasion. Has a passion for the game. Played on the biggest of stages and revels in having his back against the wall. Stepped up against a national-championship Alabama defense in 2012 and has proven he can command come-from-behind victories, as he capped his career in the Chick-fil-A bowl vs. Duke by overcoming a 21-point halftime deficit. Sufficient timing, ball placement and accuracy (68.9 percent career passing percentage). Terrific scrambling ability. Reverse spins and buys time in the pocket while continuing to scan the field -- can still set his feet, alter his throwing motion and manipulate his arm and throwing platform. Houdini-like escapability (uses subtle, nifty sidestep moves) and improvisional ability in the pocket to pull a rabbit out of his hat and create magic. Has peripheral, wide-eyed running vision (sometimes seems like he has eyes in back of his head) and a very good feel for spacing. Carries the ball with a fearless confidence that he will find a way to create and usually gains positive yardage on broken plays when he appears trapped. Is mentally and physically tough -- will pop back up from hard collisions and respond to a challenge. Record-setting and award-winning two-year production. Has a knack for sustaining drives and possesses playmaking ability to create on third downs and in critical situations to keep the sticks moving.
								Has an unorthodox body type with marginal height, rounded shoulders, an underdeveloped body and very big feet that almost look clumsy. Will need to learn to do a better job protecting his body and sliding. Feels pocket ghosts and often takes off running at the second flash of coverage. Undisciplined -- plays his own offense and presses to make plays. Cannot see over the pocket easily and almost never steps up into it, creating extra difficulties for OL coaches to coordinate blocking schemes and for offensive linemen to anticipate where the pocket will be. Dances around the pocket too much and creates needless sacks rolling into protection when the pocket is clean. Has not worked from under center, and footwork and set-up will require refinement. Often throws the ball up in the air and relies on big receivers to adjust to it and make plays, highly benefiting from the playmaking ability of Mike Evans. Tends to overshoot the deep ball and throw off his back foot, leading to some underthrows (too many dirtballs on the move) and diminished accuracy. Needlessly pats the ball when he scans the field. Could stand to do a better job carrying out play-action fakes. Has not developed a reputation as a worker or for doing the extras. Suspect intangibles -- not a leader by example or known to inspire by his words. Carries a sense of entitlement and prima-donna arrogance seeking out the bright lights of Hollywood. Is known to party too much and is drawn to all the trappings of the game. Lacks ideal starting experience (only two years), operated a non-traditional offense and has a lot to learn.
							
2014	Khalil Mack	2543463	OLB	Buffalo	Three-time first-team All-MAC selection (2011-13). 2013: Second-team All-American pick after starting in all 13 games. Had nine tackles, 2.5 sacks and interception return for touchdown against Ohio State. 2012: Played and started 11 games, and led team in tackles (94), tackles for loss (21), sacks (8) and forced fumbles (4). 2011: Started in all 12 games and led team in sacks (5.5), tackles for loss (21) and forced fumbles (5). 2010: Started in all 12 games and led team in sacks (4.5), tackles for loss (14.5), and pass breakups (10). 2009: Redshirted. Misc.: Learned how to play guitar as a freshman (self-taught through Internet). Was only recruited out of high school heavily by Buffalo and Liberty.	Disruptive first-step quickness -- immediately re-creates the line of scrimmage and plays in the backfield (record tackle-for-loss production). Outstanding instincts -- locates the ball quickly and is around the ball a lot. Very good body control, bend and balance -- plays on his feet and is seldom on the ground. Developed pass-rush moves (rip, dip and inside counter). Very explosive. Excellent pursuit -- tracks down ball carriers from behind. Sacrifices his body and sells out around piles. Strikes with authority -- hits on the rise, violently jars ball carriers backward on impact and has a knack for dislodging the ball. Highly motivated. Played big vs. better competition (see Ohio State). Can zone drop and buzz to the flat with ease. Highly competitive and energetic. Regularly was the focus of defensive game plans and still produced despite facing multiple blockers and extra protection consistently rolled his way. 
								Produced nondescript performance with a MAC title game berth on the line vs. Bowling Green and regularly faced inferior MAC competion. Plays a bit too recklessly and out of control. Can learn to run the arc with better lean.
							
2014	C.J. Mosley	2543464	ILB	Alabama	Two-time first-team All-American selection (2012-2013). 2013: Butkus Award winner (nation's top linebacker) and Bednarik Award (nation's top defensive player) finalist. First-team All-SEC pick after starting in all 13 games. 2012: Butkus Award finalist and semifinalist for the Bednarik Award. First-team All-SEC pick after playing in all 14 games and making nine starts. Had eight tackles, including a tackle for loss, in BCS National Championship win over Notre Dame. 2011: Played in 11 games with six starts. Did not play against Florida and Vanderbilt after dislocating his elbow against Arkansas. Made a tackle and had an interception in BCS National Championship win over LSU. 2010: Was a freshman All-SEC pick after playing in all 13 games as a true freshman, making three starts. Finished third on the team with 67 tackles. High School: Parade and U.S. Army All-American pick.	Exceptional instincts -- triggers fast downhill. Outstanding urgency. Plays with very good knee bend, balance and base. Secure, drive-through tackler. Hits with explosion and jars ball carriers on impact. Excellent lateral agility -- flows fast and ranges to the sideline. Exceptional weight-room worker with good functional play strength -- plays bigger than his size. Outstanding eyes and anticipation vs. the run. Very good coverage awareness with the ball in front of him -- clings to tight ends passing through zones and blankets speed backs in man coverage. Respected leadership presence -- lines up his teammates and directs traffic. Film junkie. Excellent attitude, effort, field intensity and overall energy. Exceptional football and personal character. Highly competitive. Humble, selfless team player. Outstanding football IQ. Scheme-diverse and versatile. Strong special-teams coverage performer.
								Has a narrow build. Has been slowed by elbow, hip and shoulder injuries throughout his career and long-term durability will require thorough inspection by medical examiners. Gets hung up on the blitz (shoulder stiffness) and must learn how to use more finesse picking a side instead of relying on bull power and striking blockers down the middle. Can learn to do a better job shooting his hands to shock defenders and disengage from blocks. Could be challenged matching up down the field with his back to the ball vs. flex TEs in the slot (man coverage). Could stand to become a more vocal leader. 
							
2014	Teddy Bridgewater	2543465	QB	Louisville	2013: Second Team All-American Athletic Conference. Started all 13 games. Broke Brian Brohm?s single-season school record of 30 TD passes set in 2007. 2012: Big East Offensive Player of the Year. First Team All-Big East. Played in all 13 games, starting 12. Sugar Bowl MVP. Played on broken left wrist and sprained right ankle at Rutgers as winner went to BCS, was 20-28 for 263 yards, two TD and one INT in victory. 2011: Big East Rookie of the Year. Played in all 13 games, starting the final 10. First true freshman to see action at QB since Brohm in 2004. High School: Verbally committed to Miami but went to Louisville after Miami coach was fired. Played in U.S. Army All-American Game. Set Dade County record for most TD passes in a game (7).	Extremely competitive and driven to succeed. Well-prepared and confident in his approach. Operated a pro-style, progression-read offense where he is asked to scan the whole field and set protections. Footwork is very clean and in rhythm -- throws on balance with sound mechanics, a fluid delivery and smooth stroke. Very good timing, touch and anticipation -- throws receivers open. Is patient working through his reads and will step up in the pocket. Sells play-action hard and takes what the defense gives him. Poised in the face of the blitz and often anticipates it coming. Is very mentally and physically tough -- played through a broken left wrist with a sprained ankle in what was essentially the 2012 Big East championship game, coming off the bench to captain the Cardinals to a come-from-behind victory. Is a student of the game with a very good understanding of football concepts. Plays like a coach on the field, knows the responsibilities of everyone on the field and can get teammates lined up correctly. Makes few mental errors. Consistently moves the chains and converts in critical situations. Is given a lot of autonomy to make pre-snap reads and adjustments at the line of scrimmage and understands how to exploit defenses. Meticulous in his preparation. Has a passion for the game and really works at it. Smart, determined and focused. Is only 21 years old -- incredibly mature for his age and can see the big picture. Really works at his craft and showed gradual improvement every season. Football is extremely important to him. Highly respected, unselfish team leader. 
								Has a very lean, narrow frame with limited bulk and small hands. Does not drive the ball with velocity down the field and can be affected by cold and windy conditions (see Cincinnati). Can improve placement and touch on the deep ball. Adequate athlete. Is not an overly elusive scrambler -- struggles escaping the rush and buying a second chance with his feet vs. pressure. Passing stats are padded from operating a passing game that relies heavily on short, lateral tosses. Long-term durability could become a concern without continued strength and weight gains.
							
2014	Eric Ebron	2543466	TE	North Carolina	2013: John Mackey Award semifinalist. Second Team All-American. Set ACC single season record for receiving yards by TE with 973 (passing Vernon Davis, who had 871). 2012: Started all 11 games he played in. 2011: Played in 10 games, started one. High School: No. 20 tight end nationally (Scout). Also played defensive end.	Outstanding athletic ability and receiving skills. Threatens every level. Advanced route runner. Releases cleanly and accelerates into patterns. Pierces the seam and is a mismatch vs. man coverage -- regularly bested defensive backs. Terrific balance, agility and body control. Catches cleanly off his frame. Makes one-handed grabs look routine. Big catch radius. Catches on the move and has an extra gear to pile up yards. Had 875 yards receiving as a junior, breaking Vernon Davis' ACC record. Will be a 21-year-old rookie.
								Lacks ideal height and bulk. Can improve as a blocker, both in-line and on the move -- could stand to improve technique, physicality and finish. Not equipped to lock horns with NFL defensive ends. Inconsistent adjusting to and fitting on moving targets. Blocking effort does not parallel that of receiving. Could stand to play with more consistent intensity and focus. Occasional concentration drop. Ordinary touchdown production. Cannot be used as a fullback. 
							
2014	Taylor Lewan	2543467	OT	Michigan	Started 48 of 50 games played at Michigan. 2013: Second Team All-American. First team All-Big Ten. Started all 13 games at LT. 2012: First Team All-American. First Team All-Big Ten. Became first Michigan offensive lineman to score a TD vs UMass (fumble recovery) since 1948. Started all 13 games at LT. 2011: Second Team All-Big Ten. Started all 13 games at LT. 2010: Played in 11 games, starting nine at LT. 2009: Redshirted. High School: Played offensive line for the first time as a senior after playing defensive end prior. Misc: Was not arrested or charged, but was interviewed by police after an Ohio State fan said he was assaulted by Lewan outside a downtown Ann Arbor restaurant on Nov. 30, 2013. Incident is under investigation.	Accomplished, four-year starter vs. Big Ten competition. Clean kickslide in pass protection. Good knee bend, footwork and recovery quickness to handle outside speed and inside counters. Very good balance -- is seldom on the ground. Is quick climbing to the second level to reach linebackers. Plays with intensity and the game is very important to him. Tough and very durable. 
								Is not a gritty, physical finisher. Has a lean lower body and does not explode on contact. Can be inverted by power and does not carry a load in his hands. Could do a better job recognizing and adjusting to the outside blitz. Quirky personality that can be easily misunderstood. 
							
2014	Mike Evans	2543468	WR	Texas A&M	Started all 26 games at Texas A&M. Had 2+ catches in every game, 4+ catches in 25 of 26 games. 2013: First Team All-American. 11 catches, 287 yards, 4 TD (including 95-yard TD) vs Auburn. 7 catches, 279 yards, TD vs Alabama. Five 100-yard games. Led SEC in touchdowns. Set school records for receiving yards in a single game, receiving yards in a single season. 20.2-yard per-catch average. 2012: Started all 13 games. Led team in catches and receiving yards. Three 100-yard games. 2011: Redshirted. High School: 25 receptions, 648 yards, 7 TD and 2 INT on defense as senior. 18.4 points, 8.4 rebounds, 5.2 assists on basketball team.	Outstanding size and length. Functionally strong to power through the jam. Boxes out defenders and is a big red-zone target. Hardwood background is evident -- outstanding leaper with "above-the-rim" skills to go over top of smaller DBs and highpoint throws. Creates late, subtle separation. Tracks and adjusts. Makes contested grabs -- attacks throws and outmuscles defenders in a crowd. Nearly unstoppable executing back-shoulder catches. Strong, reliable hands. Very strong after the catch -- slams into tacklers, is a load to bring down and leans for extra yardage. Productive playmaker -- averaged 20 yards per catch in 2013 and showed up in big games (18-566-5 vs. Alabama and Auburn). Good blocker. Physically dominant and tough. Will be a 21-year-old rookie.
								Monotone mover with pedestrian speed -- cannot separate vertically or pull away from the pack. Unsudden acceleration. Stiff hips. Will have to make a living in traffic at the next level -- will struggle to separate vs. quick-twitch NFL cornerbacks. Did not run a full route tree and could require patience learning the nuances of refined route running. Backyard element to his college success -- must become savvier instead of depending on superior size and improvisational production. Can be hotheaded and lose control of his emotions. Basketball was first love. 
							
2014	Calvin Pryor	2543469	FS	Louisville	2013: First Team All-American Athletic Conference. Played and started 12 games. Suspended for game against Memphis for violating an unspecified team rule. Second on team with 75 tackles. 2012: Second Team All-Big East. Started all 13 games. Second on team with 100 tackles. Led team with five FF. 2011: Played in 13 games, started the final seven. High School: No. 31 safety nationally (Rivals). Also played running back.	Very good instincts. Physical, lights-out hitter (see second defensive snap of UCF game). Very aggressive running the alley and seeks to make his presence felt in the run game. Sacrifices his body. Defensive tempo-setter. Made a spectacular, one-handed INT vs. UCF. Good pre-snap recognition -- makes adjustments. Explosive tackler. Can leverage the field off the hash and cover ground. Good zone recognition. Rangy enough to play center field. Carries a swagger and plays with confidence.
								Plays with too much reckless abandon and lacks discipline playing the cutback. Takes some bad angles and can be outflanked to the perimeter. Average production on the ball. Is not asked to play a lot of man coverage. 
							
2014	Ha Ha Clinton-Dix	2543470	FS	Alabama	2013: Second-team All-American selection and first-team All-SEC pick. Played in 11 games with nine starts. Was suspended indefinitely (two games) after an assistant coach loaned him money. Underwent surgery for a torn meniscus in December 2013. 2012: Played in all 14 games with 10 starts. Led the team and tied for the SEC lead with five interceptions. Had an interception in the SEC Championship win over Georgia and the BCS National Championship win over Notre Dame. 2011: Played in all 13 games as true freshman. High School: No. 1 safety in the nation according to Rivals and Scout. Misc.: Full name is Ha'Sean Clinton-Dix.	Nice size and body length. Quick to read and react. Has speed and flexibility to match up with slot receivers or tight ends. Ranges off the hash. Good hands to intercept. Effective run supporter -- drops downhill with conviction and does not shy from contact. Takes direct angles to the ball. Runs the alley and wipes out ball carriers. Secure tackler. Can break down and tackle in space. Has special-teams experience. Well-coached in a pro-style defense. 
								Has a narrow build and lacks ideal bulk. Could stand to get stronger. Occasionally gets stuck on blocks. Could stand to iron out his pedal. Does not always play with abandon -- plays conservatively at times and can be late fitting in the run game or getting off the hash. Average ball production and playmaking ability. Not as natural in the box. Not an intimidating presence. Started just 19 games.
							
2014	Kelvin Benjamin	2543471	WR	Florida St.	2013: Second Team All-ACC. Led conference with 15 receiving TDs, which also tied FSU single-season record. Scored game-winning 2-yard TD with 13 seconds to win National Championship vs. Auburn. 2012: Played in all 14 games, did not start. 2011: Redshirted. High School: No. 8 WR nationally (Rivals). Played only three years at Glades (Fla.) Central.	Rare size -- is a physical mismatch vs. defensive backs and linebackers. Eats cushion and separates with long strides. Strong approach to the ball -- is not easily knocked off course and will enter the middle on crossers. Outstanding jumpball catcher -- climbs the ladder, plucks the ball at its highest point and regularly snatches it out of the air with superb body control and the grace of a ballerina. Very good separation speed. Adjusts surprisingly well for the low ball and tracks it well over his shoulder. Energetic football demeanor. Confident and competitive. Strong-handed. Uses his body well to shield the defender from the ball and can beat double coverage. Good run strength after the catch (see three tackles broken on TD run vs. Florida) and does not go down easy. Strong enough to handle defensive ends when motioned inside to chip and delivered some head-snapping, crackback blocks (see North Carolina St.). Emerged as a clutch, go-to, big-play receiver -- caught the game-winning TD in the national championship game vs. Auburn and consistently was targeted in critical situations and in the red zone. Scorched Florida CB Loucheiz Purifoy and created mismatch problems from the slot.
								Lacks elite, top-end speed and many catches are contested. Hand use could improve releasing vs. tight, press coverage. Overly grabby. Is not yet a nuanced route runner and does not sink his hips and pop in and out of his breaks. Does not shake many defenders after the catch. Will make the easy concentration drop and focus could stand to improve at the break point (three drops vs. Florida). Seeks to run before securing the ball and double-catches more than he should. Blocking effort/sustainability has room to improve on the move.
							
2014	Louis Nix	2543472	NT	Notre Dame	2013: First Team All-Independent. Played and started eight games. Missed five games due to torn meniscus and had surgery in November. 2012: First Team All-Independent. Played in all 13 games with 11 starts. Did not start against Michigan State or Pittsburgh. Led all Notre Dame defensive linemen with 50 tackles. 2011: First Team All-Independent. Played in all 13 games with 11 starts. Did not start vs USF or Navy. 2010: Redshirted. High School: SuperPrep All-American. Under Armour All-American. Misc: Film, television and theater major. Graduated in December.	Outstanding size. Commands a double team and has two-gap ability. Good quickness off the snap. Has press strength and power to push blockers into the backfield. Shows disruptive ability when his battery is charged. Flashes an arm-over. Redirects well for a big man. Nice pursuit effort. Strong wrap tackler. Scheme versatile.
								Can play with better leverage against double teams. Does not dominate single blocking. Needs to improve hand use -- punch impact, counter moves and shed timing. Limited pass-rush value (minimal sack production). Can do a better job protecting his legs -- is not as strong on his pegs as you'd expect and spends too much time on the ground. Conditioning and stamina will have to be monitored -- takes plays off and weight has fluctuated. 
							
2014	Justin Gilbert	2543473	CB	Oklahoma St.	2013: Second Team All-American. First Team All-Big 12. Jim Thorpe Award finalist. T-3rd in FBS with seven INT. Two INT return for TD 2012: Second Team All-Big 12 (returner). Started all 13 games. 2011: Started all 13 games. 2010: Played in 12 games. Did not play at Kansas State. Returned kickoff for TD vs Baylor and Oklahoma. High School: Ran for more than 1,000 yards and nine TDs and threw for almost 800 more yards as a QB during his senior season. Also participated in basketball and track. Misc: Defensive MVP of 2012 Fiesta Bowl.	Outstanding size-speed ratio and athletic ability. Fluid movement skills -- makes it look easy flipping his hips and reacting to the thrown ball. Very good transitional quickness and recovery speed. Superb feet and agility to pop out of his breaks and close on the ball -- explosively quick. Natural interceptor with very good hand-eye coordination, leaping ability and overall ball skills. Very good vision and traffic burst as a returner (6 career kickoff-return TDs).
								Is not as aggressive or physical supporting the run as you would expect for his size and is content letting others arrive first at the scene. Can do a better job discarding blockers -- a bit soft-tempered. Immature early with an inflated ego and spent some time in the coach's doghouse after coasting too much on his natural ability and making too many mental mistakes. 
							
2014	Darqueze Dennard	2543474	CB	Michigan St.	2013: Unanimous First-Team All-American. Jim Thorpe Award Winner. First Team All-Big Ten. Started all 14 games. Career-high 4 INT. 2012: Second Team All-Big Ten. T-team lead with 3 INT. 2011: First Team All-Big Ten. Played in and started 11 games. T-3rd on team with 3 INT. 2010: Played in six games, started two. High School: 2-time All-State WR. All-State DB in senior season. Also lettered in Basketball and Track. Misc: First Spartan to win Jim Thorpe Award and first Spartan to be named unanimous First-Team All-American. Distant cousin to Patriots CB Alfonzo Dennard.	Outstanding size with a well-distributed frame, knotty calves and thin ankles. Good press strength. Controlled, efficient pedal. Good competitive playing speed. Transitions cleanly in man-off coverage. Very good eyes, anticipation and reactive quickness. Good pattern recognition -- sorts out what he sees quickly. Clings to the hip pocket of receivers down the field. Swift speed turn. Likeable personality. Very accountable leader by example. Brings intensity to the field and plays with urgency. Highly confident and competitive. 
								Has been slowed by injuries and durability needs to be examined closely (double hernia surgery). Was not asked to play a lot of zone coverage. 
							
2014	Marqise Lee	2543475	WR	USC	2013: Honorable mention all-Pac-12 selection after playing in and starting 11 games. Missed three games due to a knee injury. 2012: First-team All-American selection, first-team All-Pac-12 pick and Pac-12 Offensive Player of the Year selection. Won the Biletnikoff Award (given to nation's top receiver). Led FBS in receptions with 118. Had eight 100-plus yard games. 2011: Was a second-team All-Pac-12 pick. Played in 12 games and started in eight. Misc.: With deaf parents, he learned to speak sign language.	Very good athletic ability. Is a nifty runner after the catch -- can navigate through traffic and create with the ball in his hands. Can shift into top gear and run by tacklers -- terrific acceleration and short-area burst. Fine route runner -- understands how to set up defensive backs and has an innate feel for coverage. Understands how to manipulate man and zone coverage and can create separation when he needs to uncover. Very good hand-eye coordination. Tracks the deep ball very well -- has a knack for running underneath it. Attacks the ball and plucks it out of the sky. Very good competitive, functional playing speed. Has game-breaking return ability -- exceptional vision and traffic burst.
								Average size and run strength. Does not break many tackles. Was slowed by nagging injuries, and body is not built to withstand a lot of punishment. Can do a better job securing the ball through traffic -- has shown a tendency to flag the ball. Long-term durability could become an issue.
							
2014	Blake Bortles	2543477	QB	Central Florida	2013: AAC Offensive Player of the Year, first-team All-AAC and semifinalist for the Davey O'Brien Award (given to nation's top quarterback). Joined Daunte Culpepper as only UCF quarterbacks to throw for 3,000 yards in multiple seasons. 2012: Second-team All-Conference USA pick and the first quarterback in Central Florida history to be named first- or second-team all-conference. 2011: Named to All-Conference USA Freshman Team after playing in 10 games. 2010: Redshirted. 	Outstanding size, stature, bulk and athletic ability for the position. Stands tall in the pocket and delivers the ball in the face of heavy pressure. Keeps his eyes downfield while climbing the pocket. Good field vision and release point. Is efficient throwing on the run and excels on bootlegs and play-action passing. Good zip and accuracy on short-to-intermediate throws -- can fit the ball into tight windows. Nice touch to drop throws in the bucket -- delivers a catchable ball with fine anticipation. Senses pressure and evades the rush. Doesn?t take many unnecessary sacks. Can extend plays with his feet or tuck it and dash for the sticks when the pocket breaks. Surprising foot speed. Plays with confidence and poise. Engineered comeback victories, beat Penn State and Louisville on the road and took a mid-major program to a BCS bowl.
								Could stand to hasten his setup and polish his footwork (deteriorates under duress). Could stand to shorten his release -- wraps the ball slightly at the beginning of his windup. Too much effort in his delivery to generate slightly above-average arm strength. Operated in an offense where he made a lot of one-look reads. Does not spin spirals consistently -- too many throws come out with loose wobble (could struggle to cut the wind in blustery conditions). Ordinary deep-ball thrower. Tends to throw off his back foot when pressured (affects accuracy). Works heavily out of the gun -- will have to adapt to snaps under center and deep drops. Operates a dink-and-dunk offense which inflates his completion percentage. Fumbled nine times as a junior and could improve ball handling/security. Play dropped off against Ohio State in 2012 and South Carolina in '13 and wiill require time to adjust to the closing speed of NFL defensive backs. Is just a two-year starter and can improve his understanding of the game.
							
2014	Ra'Shede Hageman	2543478	DT	Minnesota	2013: Third-team AP All-American and first-team All-Big Ten selection. Led team with 13 tackles for loss. 2012: Started all 13 games. 2011: Played in all 12 games. 2010: Played in eight games. 2009: Redshirted. Switched positions from tight end to defensive line. High school: Two-time All-state tight end.	Long and well-proportioned. Intriguing height-weight-speed ratio and natural athleticism. Flashes the ability explode off the ball, jolt blockers and disrupt the backfield. Terrific movement, flexibility and range. Loose ankles. Can work the edges. Able to redirect and chase athletically. Fierce tackler. Rare leaping ability for his size (workout all-star). Disrupts passing lanes. Has a "wow" factor at his best. Has immense upside. Team captain.
								Wide gap between physical ability and performance on tape. Green eyes, instincts and understanding of blocking schemes. Motor idles. Too often lets his pads rise and exposes his frame. Does not play to his length. On skates vs. double teams. Hand use needs work. Unsophisticated counters and pass-rush moves. Aimless pass rusher in need of a plan. Minimal, inflated sack production. Still learning to convert speed to power. Does not dominate single blocking. Needs more glass in his diet. Could require simple assignments. Motivation and coachability should be examined more closely. Will be 24-year-old rookie. Has a glaring bust factor.
							
2014	Zack Martin	2543480	OT	Notre Dame	Started in all 52 games played at Notre Dame, the most in school history. 2011 and 2012 FBC All-Independent Team pick. Two-time captain (18th two-time captain in Notre Dame history). 2013: Started all 13 games at left tackle. 2012: Started all 13 games at left tackle. 2011: Started all 13 games at left tackle. 2010: Started all 13 games, with 11 starts at left tackle and two at right tackle. 2009: Did not see any game action.	Engages quickly. Flexible and light on his feet. Can work his hips and maneuver. Good blocking posture -- bends his knees, sits in his stance and can shuffle, slide and mirror. Good hand placement (can pop and recoil). Seals running lanes. Can combo block and fit on linebackers. Athletic to pull and trap. Passes off stunts and is alert to blitzers. Started all 52 games of his career. Played well against Alabama in the BCS Championship and was MVP of the Pinstripe Bowl. Sparkling intangibles. Highly respected, hardworking leader who does all the right things. Two-time captain.
								Lacks ideal length to stay outside in the pros -- relatively small wingspan. Not a pure road grader who rolls off flat-backed and buries defenders. Could be stressed by bigger, more powerful defensive tackles. Can improve balance and sustain on the second level. Does not have experience at guard. Could stand to bulk up in preparation for a move inside.
							
2014	Jace Amaro	2543481	TE	Texas Tech	2013: First-team All-American pick and first-team All-Big 12 selection. Was also a semifinalist for the John Mackey Award and Biletnikoff Award. Finished tied for eighth in FBS with 106 receptions. Set FBS all-time record with 1,352 yards for a tight end. 2012: Played in seven games and started six. Missed six games due to lacerated spleen/internal bleeding suffered from a hit against West Virginia. Was ejected from 2012 Meineke Car Care Bowl for throwing a punch. Was arrested in March of 2012 for using a credit card at a bar without his name on it. 2011: Played in 12 games but did not start. 	Excellent size with a well-proportioned frame and room for added bulk. Releases cleanly into routes. Moves like an oversized receiver. Good balance. Enough foot speed to stretch the seam. Good hands to extend and catch. Gives effort as a move blocker and can block out defensive backs. Flashes nastiness. Historic one-year production. 
								Was used as an inside receiver and lacks the bulk, base strength and body power to match up with NFL defensive ends. Is unsudden (average acceleration) and lacks elite top-end speed. Upright, unrefined route runner -- shows hip and ankle stiffness in and out of breaks. Struggles to consistently separate. Fairly straight-linish after the catch. Ordinary run strength. Production was inflated by scheme and poor pass defenses.
							
2014	Cyrus Kouandjio	2543482	OT	Alabama	Started in 26 of 35 games played. 2013: First-team AP All-American and first-team All-SEC pick. Was also a semifinalist for the Outland Trophy. Helped open holes for eight 100-yard rushers during season. 2012: Started in all 14 games at left tackle. 2011: Played in eight games, but did not start. Suffered a torn ACL in the game against Tennessee. High school: Was No. 1 offensive lineman recruit according to Rivals. Misc.: Younger brother of 2010 Alabama recruit Arie Kouandjio.	Terrific size with long arms. Uses his length to push rushers wide -- day trip to run the arc on. Has the ability to drop anchor and stymie the bull rush. Can latch onto, control and maul his man. Can hook and seal or widen the hole in the running game. Flashes the ability to bury defenders. Will be a 21-year-old rookie and has clear potential -- is physically gifted with raw, moldable tools.
								Has heavy legs and lacks ideal foot quickness for blind-side protection. Footwork and hand use have to be coached up -- looks clumsy at times. Carries his hands low. Struggles to subdue counters and gets beat across his face -- limited lateral quickness and needs to strengthen power step and inside punch. Average contact balance -- too often bends at the waist and slides off blocks. Inconsistent clearing his feet through traffic and spends too much time on the ground. Labors to cut off fast-flowing linebackers and sustain on the second level. Could stand to develop more of a mean streak.
							
2014	Stephon Tuitt	2543483	DE	Notre Dame	2013: First-team All-Independent pick after starting all 13 games. Finished career tied for third in Notre Dame history with 21.5 career sacks (tied with Victor Abiamiri). 2012: Second-team All-American after starting all 13 games. His 12.0 sacks rank second in single-season school history (Justin Tuck, 13.5 in 2003). 2011: Played in nine games and made three starts. 	Looks the part -- has prototypical dimensions for a five-technique. Long-armed to play off blocks. Holds his ground at the point of attack. Can stack and shed. Has excellent movement skill for a man his size. Plays on his feet. Coordinated and in control of his body. Knee bender able to flatten or redirect efficiently. Strong wrap tackler. Scheme and position versatile -- played end and tackle in even and odd fronts. Notched 20.5 sacks in 28 career starts. Disrupts passing lanes.
								Monotone edge rusher -- not a quick-twitch athlete (average get-off quickness). Can play with more consistent leverage. Hip and shoulder stiffness shows when he attempts to bend the corner. Can do a better job shooting his hands with authority to jolt blockers. Needs to become a better hands fighter and develop pass-rush moves. Can play with more violence. Average intensity and relentlessness.
							
2014	Kony Ealy	2543484	DE	Missouri	2013: First-team All-SEC selection after starting in all 14 games. Had a 49-yard interception return for a touchdown against Indiana. 2012: Played 12 games and started 10. 2011: Played 12 games and started one. 2010: Redshirted.	Is long and has a big, projectable frame with room for added bulk. Quick off the snap. Loose athlete -- moves like a linebacker. Plays on his feet. Runs the arc -- dips his shoulder, bends the corner and gets home. Closes fast on the quarterback. Can spin off blocks, redirect and chase the quarterback. Crashes down the line and ranges in pursuit. Flexible and coordinated to zone-drop. Has upside.
								Needs more time in the weight room. Still developing positional instincts and awareness to blocking schemes. Pad level is too high. Exposes his frame and gets locked up. Does not convert speed to power. Unrefined hand use, counters and pass-rush moves. Needs to learn to use his length advantageously. Does not provide enough resistance at the point of attack. Crumbles vs. double teams. 
							
2014	Aaron Donald	2543485	DT	Pittsburgh	2013: First-team All-American and first-team All-ACC selection. Was Outland Trophy, Chuck Bednarik AWard and Bronko Nagurski Award winner. 2012: First-team All-Big East selection. Led team with 5.5 sacks and 18.5 tackles for loss. 2011: Second-team All-Big East after playing in all 13 games and making five starts. 2010: Played in all 13 games. Led the team with 11 sacks.	Quick off the snap. Natural leverage. Gets under pads and into gaps. Good foot athlete -- redirects well and can work the edges and loop and stunt. Flexible enough to zone drop in short area. Plays with awareness and consistently locates the ball. Closes hard and fast. Keeps working to the ball. Disruptive penetrating ability. Outstanding career production -- 63 TFL and 27.5 sacks the last three seasons. Tough and competitive. Team captain with terrific personal and football character.
								Marginal height and frame is nearly maxed out. Hands are more active than strong -- could play with more pop and power. Overpowered in the run game and ground up by double teams. Gets snared and controlled by bigger, longer blockers. Not a two-gap player. Has some tweener traits -- lacks ideal length and bend to play outside.
							
2014	Ryan Shazier	2543486	OLB	Ohio St.	Two-time first-team All-Big Ten pick (2012-13). 2013: First-team All-American selection and Butkus Award finalist. Started all 14 games. 2012: Started in all 12 games. Was a two-time Big Ten Defensive Player of the Week pick. 2011: Played in 13 games and started the last three. 	Highly productive, disruptive playmaker vs. the run and pass. Shoots gaps and plays behind the line of scrimmage (compiled 39.5 TFL the last two seasons). Agile to slip blocks. Quick, strong hands to shed. Knifes gaps and flows very well laterally. Striking tackler -- uncoils on contact. Excellent speed and range -- opens up his stride in space and really covers ground. Bends naturally. Changes direction and accelerates with ease. Explosive first step as a pass rusher -- shows the ability to dip, bend and run the arc low to the ground. Ample athleticism and flexibility to mark backs and tight ends. Four-down utility. Arrow is pointing up.
								Lacks ideal size and bulk. Still developing eyes and instincts -- will diagnose and trigger more quickly down the road. Gets caught in traffic or engulfed by larger blockers when he hesitates to step downhill. Prone to overaggressiveness -- occasionally overruns plays or loses cutback contain. Could stand to improve his eyes, awareness, anticipation and reactions as a zone defender. Took some time to acclimate before making an impact. 
							
2014	Dominique Easley	2543487	DT	Florida	Suffered a torn ACL in both knees during college career. 2013: Started in three games before tearing his right ACL and medial meniscus in non-contact practice drill. 2012: Played in and started 11 games. 2011: Played in and started 12 games. 2010: Played in six games, but did not make any starts. 	Has natural leverage to give blockers fits. Explodes off the snap -- thrusts into gaps and wins with suddenness. Plays on his feet. Quick, active paws -- shoots his hands and locks out. Disruptive penetrating ability. Relentless and energetic. Excellent pursuit effort -- doesn?t quit on plays and chases outside the box and downfield. Has played inside and outside. Works hard in the weight room. Team captain.
								Lacks ideal length and bulk. Could stand to get functionally stronger. Has short arms and can be neutralized by larger linemen. Cannot be counted on to two-gap. Average production. Can be overaggressive and lose sight of the ball. Durability is a concern -- tore left ACL in 2011 and right ACL in 2013.
							
2014	Jarvis Landry	2543488	WR	LSU	2013: Second-team All-SEC selection after playing in 13 games and starting 10. Had five 100-yard games. 2012: Played in 13 games and started in one. 2011: Played in 14 games and started one. 	Good balance and body control. Savvy route runner -- uses stems and nods and works back to throws. Confident hands-catcher -- snatches throws off his frame. Extends and high points. Attacks throws and wins "50-50" balls. Makes some spectacular, acrobatic grabs. Good concentration and toughness over the middle. Does not go down without a fight after the catch. Willing blocker. Lined up outside and inside. Likes to compete and it shows. Has special-teams experience covering kicks. Team captain.
								Has a fairly lean frame -- could stand to bulk up and get stronger in order to combat the jam. Lacks elite explosiveness and top-end speed -- does not have an extra gear to take the top off. Average line release, acceleration and suddenness. Could struggle to separate vs. quick-twitch cornerbacks. Large percentage of catches are contested. Lacks ideal height and is not a great leaper. Started just 12 career games. 
							
2014	Morgan Moses	2543489	OT	Virginia	Started in 43 of 48 games played. Moved from right tackle to left tackle for senior season. 2013: Third-team All-ACC selection after starting in all 12 games at left tackle. Helped Kevin Parks to become UVA's first 1,000-yard rusher in a season since 2004. 2012: Played in 12 games, starting 11 at right tackle. 2011: Started all 13 games at right tackle. 2010: Played 11 games, started seven at right tackle. Became just the third true freshman in UVA history to start at offensive tackle (D'Brickashaw Ferguson, Brad Butler).	Has outstanding size and vines for arms -- sheer mass and length makes it difficult for rushers to run the arc on him. Has strength to anchor. Wins with his hands. Pulls with a head of steam and can eliminate defenders when he has a bead. Logged 43 career starts.
								Plays too tall and needs to drop anchor more consistently. Heavy on his feet and tends to bend at the waist. Lethargic shifting his weight -- stressed by speed and quickness and cannot recover when beaten. Limited hip snap and is not sudden or explosive. Does not breathe fire -- plays smaller than his size in the run game and does not seek to bury defenders. Weight has fluctuated and conditioning needs to be monitored closely.
							
2014	Demarcus Lawrence	2543490	DE	Boise St.	Two-time first-team All-Mountain West Conference pick (2012-13). Was suspended three different times for violations of team rules. 2013: Played and started in 12 games. Was a two-time Mountain West Defensive Player of the Week pick. 2012: Played in and started 11 games. 2011: Played at Butler Community College, where his 27 tackles for loss and 10 sacks led the team. 2010: Redshirted. 	Highly athletic. Fluid, flexible and rangy. Terrific balance and body control. Has quick, coordinated hands and feet to slingshot off blocks. Has natural pass-rush ability -- shows burst, bend and closing speed to hunt down quarterbacks. Dips inside suddenly. Terrific knee and ankle flexion -- flattens efficiently and redirects and accelerates smoothly. Explosive tackler. Made an instant impact at BSU and was productive behind the line of scrimmage -- 34 TFL and 20 sacks from 2012-13. Carries a swagger and plays with attitude.
								Could stand to get stronger and play with more pop and power in his hands. Lacks ideal bulk to play with his hand in the dirt. Gets knocked around when he exposes his frame. Doesn?t control tight ends. Is weak at the point of attack and gets wiped out by double teams. Can be overaggressive and lose contain or fly by tackles. Can do a better job protecting his legs. Lacks experience playing in reverse. Character and stability need to be looked into.
							
2014	Paul Richardson	2543491	WR	Colorado	2013: First-team All-Pac-12 pick after starting in all 12 games and leading his team in receptions (83), receiving yards (1,343) and receiving touchdowns (10). 2012: Redshirted due to torn ACL suffered in spring practice. 2011: Played and started in nine games. Was Pac-12 Offensive Player of the Week with 11 catches, 284 yards and two touchdowns against California (set Colorado school record for most receiving yards in a single game). 2010: Played all 12 games and made four starts. Misc.: Father, Paul, played wide receiver at UCLA and in the NFL for the Philadelphia Eagles, Oakland Raiders, Green Bay Packers and New York Jets.	Jab steps and accelerates into routes. Fluid and field fast. Chews up ground with long strides. Stretches the field vertically and can run under deep throws. Can drive off corners, break off and work back to the quarterback. Can extend to pluck off his frame. Shows he's capable of making the spectacular grab. Productive despite a poor supporting cast. Team captain.
								Is very lean. Needs to bulk up and get stronger. Has been injured and durability could be an issue. Vulnerable to the jam. Does not separate consistently -- needs to become a more refined, deceptive route runner. Average burst out of breaks. Lets some throws into his body and drops throws he shouldn?t. Gets out-muscled at the catch point for 50-50 balls. Limited run strength. Underpowered blocker. 
							
2014	Lamarcus Joyner	2543492	CB	Florida St.	Two-time first-team All-ACC pick (2012-13). 2013: First-team All-American selection after leading team in sacks (5.5) and finishing second in tackles (69). Was a Jim Thorpe and Bronko Nagurski Award finalist. 2012: Started all 14 games at safety. 2011: Was a second-team All-ACC selection. Started all 13 games at safety. 2010: Played in all 14 games. High school: Was USA Today National Defensive Player of the Year, and joined Derrick Brooks, David Warren and Antonio Cromartie as the fourth USA Today Defensive Player of the Year to sign with Florida State.	Very good run instincts -- is quick to step downhill. Keenly makes subtle, pre-snap adjustments (nice anticipation and play recognition). Outstanding overall production in all facets. Good competitive playing speed -- runs as fast as he needs to. Very good football-playing demeanor -- confident and opportunistic. Played big and produced timely, game-changing plays vs. Clemson (sack, interception and forced fumbles). Times up the blitz very well and plays bigger than his size. Has contributed as a gunner and displayed good short-area burst in the return game. Exceptional work ethic and leadership traits. Respected, vocal team leader with an infectious attitude that can unite a locker room. Has been extremely durable and never missed a game despite aggressive style of play and diminutive stature.
								Average athlete. Tight-hipped and rounds off breaks -- not sudden. Lacks foot speed to carry receivers vertically from the slot and is seldom placed in situations where he can be distressed in downfield coverage. Lacks size and stature for press coverage. Can be out-quicked by shifty slot receivers. Marginal recovery speed and catch-up burst when he gets caught peeking. Struggles to match up with size and speed in man coverage. Makes mental mistakes too much in banjo coverage and struggles to sort out bunch sets. Does not have a body ideally built to withstand a 16-game season.
							
2014	Jason Verrett	2543493	CB	TCU	2013: Second-team AP All-American selection and co-Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year pick. Was a semifinalist for the Jim Thorpe Award. 2012: Third-team AP All-American selection and a first-team All-Big 12 pick. 2011: Honorable mention All-MWC selection, appearing in 13 games with 10 starts. 	Quick, twitchy and explosive popping out of his pedal. Good eyes, anticipation and footwork. Very feisty and athletic. Outstanding instincts. Superb reactive quickness and recovery speed. Very good ball skills -- consistently makes plays on the ball. Very willing in run support and plays bigger than his size.
								Does not pass the eyeball test. Very diminutive, skinny-waisted and thin-boned with small hands and short arms. Body has taken a beating through the years, and he's coming off shoulder surgery. Low-dive tackler (misses some). Can be overwhelmed by bigger blockers and struggles to shed blocks. Average play strength.
							
2014	Dee Ford	2543494	DE	Auburn	2013: First-team All-SEC selection after playing in 12 games and starting 11. Recorded two sacks in BCS National Championship against Florida State. 2012: Played in 11 games and made seven starts. 2011: Received a medical redshirt due to a back injury. Played in three games before being sidelined for remainder of season with back injury. 2010: Played in 13 games and made one start. 2009: Played in 13 games.	Very good acceleration and burst to beat blockers off the ball. Anticipates the snap very well and has a long second step. Plays with urgency and keeps working to the quarterback. Outstanding energy and work ethic. Athletic enough to fall in coverage and play on his feet. Beat Texas A&M RT Cedric Ogbuehi for two sacks to close out a 45-41 upset victory and finished the season strong. Respected, defensive tempo-setter -- distinguished by his effort, hustle and pursuit. 
								Undersized -- thin-framed, lacks bulk and anchor strength to dig in vs. the run. Cannot convert speed to power and gets stalled if he cannot work half of a blocker. Struggles to discard blockers when locked up and gets inverted. Not comfortable moving in reverse. Has consistently been dinged with injuries and has never made it through a full season healthy. 
							
2014	Davante Adams	2543495	WR	Fresno St.	Two-time first-team All-Mountain West selection (2012-13). 2013: Second-team All-American pick after leading FBS with 131 catches and finishing second in FBS with 1,719 yards. 2012: Started all 13 games. Led Mountain West in all three major categories: 102 receptions, 1,312 yards, 14 touchdowns. 2011: Redshirted. 	Has a rangy build with good body length and big hands to palm the ball and make difficult one-handed grabs. Tracks and adjusts to the ball very well downfield. Extends outside his frame and plucks the ball out of the air. Natural hands-catcher. Terrific athlete with good leaping ability and anticipation to properly time jumps and highpoint the ball. Wins jumpballs in the red zone and shows very good hand-eye coordination to take the ball away from defenders. Exceptional production.
								Lacks ideal functional playing strength to consistently beat the jam and can get hung up at the line. Long strider and is not sudden out of his breaks. Production was inflated from a quick-hitting, lateral passing game. 
							
2014	Odell Beckham	2543496	WR	LSU	2013: First-team All-SEC selection as all-purpose player and third-team All-American pick as all-purpose player. Was named Paul Hornung Award winner. Started all 13 games, and broke LSU single-season all-purpose yardage record with 2,315 yards. 2012: Played in all 13 games, started 12, and led team in receiving yards (713). 2011: Played in all 14 games and started nine.	Quick hands and feet to slip the jam. Fluid and fast. Good balance. Sinks his hips and changes gears to create separation. Quick hands to pluck off his frame. Terrific leaping ability -- climbs the ladder to snatch throws. Creates after the catch -- shows burst and shiftiness as a runner. Has playmaking ability. Confident and competitive. Has kickoff- and punt-return experience. Productive three-year starter. 
								Adequate height. Lacks elite top-end speed to separate vertically. Could stand to polish the finer points of his route running. Inconsistent making contested grabs -- can be out-muscled in a crowd. Has some concentration drops. Can improve as a blocker. Was not an impactful punt returner. Was held in check by Florida and Alabama. 
							
2014	AJ McCarron	2543497	QB	Alabama	Two-time starting quarterback for national champion Crimson Tide. All four career losses came against teams ranked in the top 15. 2013: Second-team All-SEC and third-team AP All-American selection. Was Maxwell Award Winner (given to college football's player of the year) and a Johnny Unitas Golden Arm Award winner. Was a finalist for the Davey O'Brien and Walter Camp awards. Finished second in the Heisman Trophy voting. 2012: Second-team All-SEC and third-team AP All-American selection. Was a semifinalist for the Davey O'Brien and Maxwell Awards, and a finalist for Johnny Unitas Golden Arm Award. Started in all 14 games. Had four touchdown passes in BCS National Championship win over Notre Dame. 2011: Started in all 13 games. Threw for 234 yards in BCS National Championship win over LSU. 2010: Played in all 13 games, including eight at quarterback. Was the primary holder on field goals and extra points. 2009: Redshirted. High School: SuperPrep All-American and U.S. Army All-American. Was No. 7 pro-style quarterback according to Rivals. Misc.: Dating IMG Model and Miss Alabama USA 2012 Katherine Webb.	Well-versed operating a pro-style offense and makes NFL-style progression reads. Is comfortable working from under center and in the gun. Mobile enough to sidestep the first wave. Good field vision, timing and anticipation. Very good short-to-intermediate accuracy (evidenced by a 66.9 percent career completion rate). Throws with accuracy on the move -- good wrist snap. Delivers the ball under duress. Has enough arm strength to fit the ball into spots. Consistent throwing mechanics -- has a smooth stroke. Good caretaker and decision-maker. Mature leader. Smart and articulate. Highly competitive team leader -- holds teammates accountable. Very well-prepared. Directed back-to-back national championship offenses. 
								Surrounded by an NFL-caliber supporting cast with a very good offensive line that provides a lot of time to dissect the field. Does not have a big-time, vertical arm. Average athlete. Makes occasional bone-headed decisions. Heaves the deep ball and forces receivers to make adjustments. Does not drive the deep out. 
							
2014	Brandin Cooks	2543498	WR	Oregon St.	2013: Biletnikoff Award winner (as nation's top receiver), first-team All-American selection and first-team All-Pac-12 pick. Set single-season Pac-12 records with 1,730 receiving yards and 128 receptions. Led FBS in receiving yards and finished second in FBS in receptions. 2012: Biletnikoff Award semifinalist and honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick. Had five 100-yard receiving games. 2011: Played in all 12 games, starting in three. Started first game of season, becoming first true freshman to start season opener at OSU since Roddy Tompkins in 1996. Misc.: Nicknamed "Sonic Boom". Step-brother, Maurice Washington, was in Oakland Raiders training camp.	Light on his feet with terrific balance. Sinks his hips with ease and pops out of breaks to separate. Tracks and adjusts. Quick hands. Good concentration, body control and boundary awareness. Can turn a short throw into a long gain. Shows elusiveness, creativity and vision after the catch. Unafraid to play in the tall trees. Highly productive -- totaled 195 receptions for 2,881 yards (15.4-yard average) and 21 TDs in last two seasons. Confident and competitive. Has been exceptionally durable dating back to high school. Team captain. Will be a 21-year-old rookie. 
								Size is just adequate -- is small-framed and lacks ideal length and bulk. Vulnerable to the jam and reroute. Relatively small catch radius. Has small hands and double-catches some throws. Lacks elite, blazing speed to run by NFL corners and safeties. Will struggle to play "above the rim" at the next level. Was not an impactful punt returner. Limited run strength. Poor blocker.
							
2014	Derek Carr	2543499	QB	Fresno St.	Younger brother of David Carr, the No. 1 overall pick by the Houston Texans in 2002. First quarterback at Fresno State with three consecutive 3,000-yard seasons. Third player to win back-to-back MWC Offensive Player of the Year awards (2012-13). 2013: Broke his conference single-season record with 5,083 passing yards. Broke his conference record with 52 completions against Rutgers. 2012: Set a Mountain West single-season record with 4,104 passing yards. Set a new school record for single-game completion percentage in the regular season finale against Air Force, going 28-for-32 (.875) for 452 yards and four touchdowns. Set new Mountain West and school single-game records for completions (42) and total offense (570 yards) in 52-40 win over San Diego State. Joined Trent Dilfer as the only quarterbacks in school history to pass of 3,000-plus yards in consecutive seasons. 2011: Second-team All-WAC pick and Academic All-WAC. Led WAC with 3,544 passing yards. 2010: Redshirted. 2009: Played in five games. Set Fresno State QB record for 40-yard dash tie with 4.59 (later ran 4.56 in summer of 2012). High School: Graduated early to enroll in spring semester, 2009 and participate in spring drills. Guided team to 12-1 record while throwing for 4,067 yards and 46 touchdowns as a senior. Also recruited by LSU, USC, Alabama and Notre Dame among others.	Athletic with very good feet -- can roll the pocket, evade the rush or escape when pocket crumbles. Terrific arm talent -- releases from the ear and can make all the throws. Quick-armed with wrist snap. Can alter his platform and throw on the move or off his back foot. Throws come out on time and accurately. Drills short-to-intermediate throws and flashes touch. Likes to play and it shows. Sells out to make a play. Record-breaking production. Adapted to coaching/system change and receiver turnover. Improved ball security -- fumbled only once as a senior compared to 12 times the previous two seasons. Desirable intangibles for the position -- advanced maturity, leadership and intelligence. Shows poise and moxie. On-field general who commands the huddle. Passionate about the game and works at his craft. Three-time captain.
								Lacks ideal height and has relatively small hands. Bulk is just adequate. Could stand to improve as a deep passer. At times tries to do too much and forces some throws. Occasionally throws off balance unnecessarily and sails some throws. Operated out of the shotgun and pistol and made a lot short/lateral throws and half-field reads. Production is inflated by spread offense and porous Mountain West Conference defenses -- nine 2013 opponents (excluding an FCS opponent) ranked between 81st and 125th nationally in scoring defense and/or passing defense. Had his worst game in the Las Vegas Bowl against USC. Could face bust-factor perception resulting from his older brother?s career.
							
2014	Jordan Matthews	2543500	WR	Vanderbilt	Ended career as SEC's all-time leader in career receptions (262) and receiving yards (3,759). Also set school records for receptions, receiving yards and touchdown receptions (24). 2013: Third-team AP All-America and first-team All-SEC selection. 2012: First-team All-SEC pick after starting in all 13 games. 2011: Played in all 13 games and made 10 starts. Had three consecutive games with 100-plus yards and a touchdown. 2010: Played in all 12 games as a true freshman. 	Good length. Big zone target. Good form as a route runner. Sinks his hips and pops out of breaks. Concentrates, tracks and adjusts. Soft hands and sticky fingers. Has leaping ability to compete in the air. Opens up his stride in the clear and shows nice long speed. Good field awareness. Gives effort as a blocker. Competes and plays with intensity. Tough and intelligent. Lined up outside and inside and has punt-return experience. Team captain and four-year starter with record-setting production. 
								Could stand to bulk up his frame. Adequate line release. Fairly linear. Not a quick-twitch athlete. Does not show elite explosion to separate vertically. Lets some throws into his body and is not immune to concentration drops. Limited creativity and elusiveness after the catch. Can be moody and has some diva in him.
							
2014	Aaron Colvin	2543501	CB	Oklahoma	Two-time first-team All-Big 12 selection (2012-13) and a 2013 semifinalist for the Jim Thorpe Award. 2013: Played in 11 games and started eight. 2012: Started all 13 games at cornerback. 2011: Played in and started 12 games at strong safety. Did not play in Ball State game after knocking himself out on hit against Missouri. 2010: Played in all 14 games with one start at cornerback.   	Looks the part -- good size, body length and athletic ability. Fine technician. Smart and instinctive -- can sort out combo routes. Matches up well with taller receivers and can carry them vertically downfield. Functional tackler. Hardworking, respected team leader who will hold teammates accountable. Experienced, three-year starter.
								Average bend, feet and twitch, which negates his transitional quickness and allows receivers to create separation out of breaks. Does not play fast. Lacks striking power. Gets hung up on blocks. Has a concussion history. 
							
2014	Tre Mason	2543502	RB	Auburn	2013: Finished sixth in the Heisman Trophy voting. Finished with 1,816 yards rushing, breaking Bo Jackson's single-season school record. That yardage total also led the SEC. Scored four touchdowns in the SEC Championship win over Missouri. 2012: Led team with 1,002 rushing yards, and was first non-QB to lead Auburn in total offense for a season since Bo Jackson in 1985. 2011: His 26.4 yards per kickoff return led the SEC. Misc.: Father, Vincent "DJ Maseo" Mason, is one-third of De La Soul -? a Grammy award-winning hip-hop group.	Low center of gravity and pad level. Quick out of the blocks. Good vision to pick and slide. Can jump-cut abruptly and change the angle of pursuit. Darts through holes -- excellent stop-and-start quickness. Spins off contact. Forward lean. Runs bigger than his size and finishes runs. Flashes good hands and creativity as a short receiver in limited exposure. Trustworthy in pass protection -- faces up rushers. Has kickoff-return experience and has shown he can take it the distance. Proved capable of handling a heavy workload and played big in big games against top competition.
								Lacks ideal size and could stand to bulk up to withstand a pounding. At times dances more than he should instead of taking what the defense gives. Seldom used as a receiver out of the backfield and could sharpen his route running. Can take better care of the football -- eight fumbles the last two seasons. Durability could be an issue given his running style. Played in an up-tempo, power-spread system and benefited from light boxes, fatigued defenses and a strong offensive line. 
							
2014	Trent Murphy	2543503	OLB	Stanford	2013: Consensus All-American selection and first-team All-Pac-12 pick. Led FBS with 15 sacks. Recorded at least one sack in 10 of 14 games. 2012: Third-team All-American, first-team All-Pac-12 selection and a Butkus Award semifinalist. 2011: Started all 13 games. 2010: Played in two games before missing the rest of the season due to an injury. 2009: Redshirted.	Naturally big-boned with a good frame to add bulk if desired. Very good instincts. Above-average athlete -- bends fairly well. Good hand use -- can jolt blockers with his punch. Controls the line of scrimmage and consistently outleverages tight ends. Very physical re-routing tight ends at the line. Outstanding motor and sack production -- led the country in sacks (15) as a senior.   Tough, smart and hardworking with a throwback personality. Leader vocally and by example. Will hold teammates accountable and represent the program with class.

								Very average weight-room strength. Underdeveloped upper body. Can be folded and neutralized by down blocks against more physical blockers (see Notre Dame). Cannot square up and play honest vs. top power. Has coverage limitations -- is tight and late to transition. More natural moving forward than in reverse. Coverage limitations show up vs. backs. Can be stressed vs. speed in the open field. 
							
2014	DaQuan Jones	2543504	DT	Penn St.	2013: First-team All-Big Ten selection after starting in all 12 games. Led team with 11.5 tackles for loss. 2012: Started first 11 games. 2011: Played in all 12 games. 2010: Did not play in first four game to preserve possible redshirt. Played defensive tackle and defensive end.  	Big body -- looks the part. Fires off the snap and engages quickly. Is difficult to displace and has a strong upper body. Able to control blocks and locate the ball. Plays with a load in his hands -- presses blockers, extends and discards. Generates a strong bull rush and collapses the pocket. Is athletic and redirects well for a big man. Flashes disruptive ability and dominates at times, creating production for teammates. Scheme versatile. Has upside. Team captain.
								Takes some plays off and occasionally loafs on plays away from him. Could stand to develop counters and pass-rush moves. Does not threaten the edges. Does not accelerate off blocks and closing burst is just average. Can do a better job protecting his legs. Weight and conditioning have fluctuated.
							
2014	Bradley Roby	2543505	CB	Ohio St.	2013: Played in 12 games, started 11, but was suspended for first game of season due to arrest. Was also ejected from Iowa game for "targeting." 2012: Second-team All-American selection and first-team All-Big Ten pick. Semifinalist for the Thorpe Award (given to nation's top defensive back). Started in all 12 games. 2011: Started in all 13 games and tied for the team lead with three interceptions. 2010: Redshirted. Misc.: Arrested on July 21, 2013 and charged with misdemeanor battery after striking a bouncer during a bar fight in Bloomington, Ind. Charge later lowered to disorderly conduct.	Thin ankles. Plays bigger than his size. Feisty, aggressive tackler -- does not hesitate to throw his weight around. Terrific balance. Quick feet and loose hips. Easy change of direction. Flips his hips and has ample speed to run vertically. Can mirror off the line and shadow slot receivers. Sudden athlete. Plants and drives in a blink. Shows recovery speed. Quick-handed to play the pocket. Has springs. Displays good zone awareness and has experience in off-man. Dangerous as a blitzer and kick-block rusher. Has experience working as a gunner. Confident and competitive. Excellent production on the ball -- 35 passes defended in last two seasons.
								Has a small, wiry frame and size is just adequate -- can be boxed out by tall receivers and outmuscled for "50-50" balls. Short on length and strength to jam and reroute bigger receivers. Gets wired to blocks. Durability could be an issue given his physical playing style. Could stand to iron out his pedal. Gets caught peeking -- lets receivers behind him and is vulnerable to double moves. Misses some 1-on-1 tackles in space. Performance was uneven as a junior -- did not dominate. Character should be looked into.
							
2014	Travis Swanson	2543506	C	Arkansas	Started all 50 games he played in while at Arkansas, and was a two-time second-team All-SEC selection (2012-13). He was voted as team captain for two consecutive seasons, becoming just the 11 Razorback in school history to serve as captain for back-to-back years.	Functional base in pass protection. Can work his hips and seal and execute combo blocks. Aware and alert -- good in-line reactions. Durable and battle-tested -- started all 50 games of his career and has experience locking horns with NFL-caliber defensive tackles. Highly respected two-time captain. Intelligent vocal leader with outstanding football character.
								Needs to bulk up his frame and get stronger. Limited push, power and explosion -- too often content to stalemate. Does not play with a load in his hands. Tends to bend at the waist, lean and fall off blocks. Spends too much time on the ground. Struggles to sustain on the second level. Center only.  
							
2014	Davant Adams	2543507	WR	Fresno St.	NA	NA	NA
2014	Antonio  Richardson	2543508	OT	Tennessee	Started in 24 of 36 career games played. 2013: Started all 12 games at left tackle, and helped offense gain 2,261 rush yards (most by Tennessee since 2004). 2012: Started all 12 games at left tackle, and helped offense to school record 718 yards vs Troy. 2011: Played in 12 games but did not start. 	Looks the part with long arms and outstanding overall size and mass to cover up defenders in the run game and generate a push. Good strength to anchor vs. power and possesses enough brute strength to hold his ground even when he locks his legs. Is not easily moved and can position-sustain. Bends fairly well for as big as he is and is agile enough to handle speed.
								Is not a finisher and carries underachiever tendencies, displaying inconsistent effort and technique. Rises out of his stance and relies too much on his natural power, letting defenders walk him back. Plays too passively and gives more ground than he should. Is late to reach the second level and gives up instead of peeling back to pick off another defender. Hand use is very raw -- not active and does not replace. Could require some time to assimilate a playbook. 
							
2014	Allen Robinson	2543509	WR	Penn St.	2013: Third-team All-American selection after starting all 12 games and setting Penn State records in receiving yards (1,013) and receptions (97). 2012: First-team All-Big Ten pick after starting in all 12 games. Broke Penn State receptions record with 77 catches. 2011: Played in 11 games and started one. 	Excellent size. Good line release -- defeats press. Sinks his hips, breaks off sharply and creates separation. Works back to the ball. Climbs the ladder -- has elevation and body control to contort and make plays in the air. Turns short throws into chunk plays -- gets upfield quickly and shows shiftiness, vision and run strength. Executed a full route tree in a pro-style offense. Highly productive -- totaled 174-2,445-17 (14.0) in last two seasons. Will be a 21-year-old rookie.
								Lacks elite top-end speed -- needs double moves to separate vertically and gets tracked down from behind. Occasionally tracking and leap timing are off. Is more confident in his hands outside the numbers or in the air than he is over the middle. Traps throws against his body and double-catches some. Tends to cradle throws or go down to the ground. Swings the ball loosely as a runner. Can improve physicality and sustain as a blocker.
							
2014	Deion Belue	2543546	CB	Alabama	Started 24 of 25 since joining Alabama in 2012 from Mississippi Community College. 2013: Played in 11 games, started 10 and missed two games with a turf toe injury. He first injured his toe during the summer of 2013 and pain lingered through the season. 2012: Started all 14 games in first season at Alabama. Made four tackles in BCS National Championship win over Notre Dame. 2011: Was a second-team NJCAA All-American selection while at Mississippi Community College. 2010: Played at Mississippi Community College. 	Easy pedal. Good speed. Fluid movement. Has short-area quickness to mirror off the line. Good read-and-react skills. Aware in zone. Competitive -- unafraid to get his hands on receivers off the line. Does not back down from a challenge. Has worked as a jammer. Solid personal and football character -- respected teammate with a conscientious, professional approach to the game. Is tough for his size and will play hurt.
								Size is just adequate -- is skinny and needs to bulk up. Short arms and very small hands. Disadvantaged vs. bigger, stronger receivers. Not explosive. Gives ground at the break point. Loses phase. Inconsistent downfield ball reactions. Minimal ball production. Weak, shoddy tackler. Has been dinged up and durability is an issue.
							
2014	Jeoffrey Pagan	2543547	DE	Alabama	NA	Good size. Can occupy blocks and squeeze running lanes. Strong hands to press and tug free. Can push the pocket. Heavy tackler. Played multiple techniques in a pro-style, hybrid defensive scheme.
								Thick, tight hips -- cannot work the edges. Gets blown off the ball by double teams. Needs to play with better extension, refine his hand use, develop counters and quicken his shed timing. Heavy-legged when required to redirect. Limited pass-rush value. Only a one-year starter. Average production -- did not make splash plays.
							
2014	Anthony Steen	2543548	OG	Alabama	Started in 36 of 51 games played at Alabama. 2013: Second-team All-SEC selection. Played in and started 11 games. Missed the Sugar Bowl after having shoulder surgery for a partially torn labrum following the regular season. Missed the Colorado State game with a concussion. Part of an offensive line that ranked seventh in FBS in sacks allowed. 2012: Started all 14 games at right guard. 2011: Played in 13 games, started nine. 2010: Played in 13 games, starting in the last two. 2009: Redshirted.	Reliable pass protector. A 500-pound bench-presser and it shows -- jars defenders with his punch. Efficient run blocker. Is quick to set and gain positioning. Works up to the second level quickly and is agile enough to wall off and seal linebackers and safeties. Dominated LSU's Anthony Johnson. Hardworking and coachable. Tough competitor. Very durable. 
								Does not look the part -- has a deceptive, dumpy-looking frame with a lot of weight concentrated in his trunk. Can do a better job sustaining at the second level. Not a consistent finisher. Catches a lot -- tends to let defenders into his body and could stand to improve extension. 
							
2014	Vinnie Sunseri	2543549	SS	Alabama	2013: Played in seven games and started in six before suffering a torn ACL on Oct. 19, 2013 against Arkansas. Had two interceptions, both of which were returned for touchdowns. 2012: Played in all 14 games and started in seven. 2011: Played in 13 games, but did not start. Was a Dime back in final three games of season. Misc.: Son of former Alabama linebackers coach and current Florida State defensive ends coach Sal Sunseri.	Good size. Reads and reacts quickly. Understands his place in the scheme. Drops downhill to support the run and has experience in deep-zone coverage. Dependable wrap tackler. Good production. Vocal leader who commanded the secondary and made all the calls. Stood out on special teams as a younger player and has the makeup to be a special-teams captain in the pros. 
								Lacks elite top-end speed. Not a quick-twitch athlete. Does not explode off the hash and closing burst is just average -- late getting over the top. Has man-coverage limitations -- struggles to matchup with slot receivers. Occasionally fails to break down or overruns ball carriers in space. Dull pop on contact -- not an explosive, blow-up tackler. Started just 15 games. 
							
2014	Isaiah Crowell	2543550	RB	Alabama St.	Two-time first-team All-SWAC selection (2012-13). 2013: Finished second in conference with 15 rushing touchdowns. 2012: SWAC Newcomer of the Year selection after starting all 11 games and leading the team with 15 rushing touchdowns. 2011: Played at Georgia and was the SEC Freshman of the Year and a Freshman All-SEC pick. Played in 12 games and started seven. Misc.: Dismissed from Georgia following a felony firearms charge, which was later dropped. Announced his commitment to Georgia (he was a five-star recruit) on television while holding a bulldog puppy.	Good vision and run strength -- runs hard and has a knack for finding seams. Presses the line of scrimmage and shows nice short-area burst to attack the outside.
								Average balance and tackle-breaking power. Cannot make his own holes and goes down too easy on contact, especially inside. Minimal receiving production. Soft, disinterested pass protector. Lacks top finishing speed. Effort waned late in games. Beats to the tune of his own drummer. Extremely immature and has a history of off-field issues. Can be difficult to coach. 

							
2014	Ka'Deem Carey	2543551	RB	Arizona	Two-time first-team All-American selection (2012-13). 2013: First-team All-Pac-12 and Pac-12 Offensive Player of the Year. Played in 12 games and had 119 or more yards rushing in each game. Had only two games without a rushing touchdown (vs. California and USC). Had 206 yards rushing and four touchdowns against Oregon. 2012: First-team All-Pac-12 pick after leading FBS with 148.4 rushing yards per game. Had 24 scrimmage touchdowns, the fifth-most in FBS. 2011: Played in 11 games and finished second on the team with 425 rushing yards. 	Outstanding two-year production -- piled up 3,814 yards and 42 touchdowns on the ground from 2012-13, ranking among the nation's most prolific. Terrific compete level and determination -- runs with energy, doesn?t go down easily and punctuates runs. Tries to punish tacklers and keeps his legs pumping -- grinds out yards after contact. Good feet, acceleration and lateral agility. Spins off contact. Reliable shot receiver. Gets upfield with urgency after the catch and has enough shiftiness to create. Willing to throw a shoulder blow into rushers. Can handle a heavy workload -- averaged 26 carries per game the last two seasons.
								Lacks ideal size and has a narrow, high-cut build with a lean lower body. Upright running style exposes his body to some direct hits and durability could be an issue. Does not string moves together and does not have elite breakaway speed. Average wiggle and elusiveness (cuts off his heels). Faced light boxes in a spread, zone-read offense. Had nearly 850 touches in college and body has already endured a lot of punishment. Has been removed from some team boards for off-the-field transgressions/suspensions.
							
2014	Carl  Bradford	2543552	OLB	Arizona State	2013: Started in all 14 games. Was second-team All-Pac-12 pick. Was on watch list for Bednarik Award. Led team with 8.5 sacks. 2012: Started in all 13 games. Was an honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick. 2011: Played in 13 games and started in one. Played linebacker, defensive end and special teams. 2010: Redshirted. Misc.: Benched in second half of win over Oregon State after sideline altercation with teammates.	Plays with urgency and beelines to the ball. Explosive -- can power-clean 400 pounds and hits on the rise with power. Is effective stunting and looping. Flashes playmaking ability (see UCLA). Explosive tackler. Can play on his feet off the ball and times up the blitz well. Good hands. Athletic enough to fold back into coverage. Solid instincts and diagnose -- sniffs out screens and has a feel for locating the ball quickly. 
								Has a short, compact frame with average arm length and gets hung on blocks. Gets locked down by big-bodied blockers when they get their hands on him. Spins in place and lacks variety of pass-rush moves. Cannot convert speed to power. Needs to improve his hand use.
							
2014	Robert Thomas	2543553	DT	Arkansas	2013: Started in first seven games before suffering a broken leg against South Carolina. Injured occurred on Oct. 12, 2013, had surgery on Oct. 13 and three to four months of rehab was expected following the surgery. 2012: Played in all 12 games and started in two. 2011: Played in 12 games and started in five. 2010: Played at Coffeyville Community College. 	Has good body mass. Can keep blockers occupied, fight the double team and control gaps. Plays hard and competes. Is a respected team leader. 
								Round-bodied. Struggles to play off or split the double team. Limited short-area range and closing burst. Gets stuck in place and struggles to disengage blocks. Lacks power to walk back blockers or generate a push.
							
2014	Ryan Carrethers	2543554	NT	Arkansas State	Two-time first-team All-Sun Belt selection (2012-13). 2013: Blocked two kicks and led Red Wolves with four sacks. 2012: Started all 13 games. 2011: Played in all 13 games, including the last six as a starter. 2010: Played in all 12 games. 2009: Redshirted. High School: Four-year varsity letterman who was All-State as senior and led Brentwood Academy (Brentwood, Tenn.) to three state championship games.	Big and thick with outstanding weight-room strength -- squats a small house and maintains low body fat. Has sheer mass and natural girth to dig in and hold his ground vs. double teams. Has a wrestling background and understands leverage. Has two-gap ability. Heavy tackler. Nice effort for a big man. Tough and durable. Solid personal and football character -- is devoted to his craft and has a professional approach to the game.
								Lacks ideal height. Has short arms and small hands. Average initial quickness. Heavy-legged with limited range. Inconsistent contact balance at the point of attack -- rooted out of the hole more often than he should be. Needs to improve hand use -- quickness, placement and shed timing. Marginal pass-rush value. Stamina has to be monitored. 
							
2014	Jonathan Newsome	2543555	DE	Ball St.	2013: First-team All-MAC pick after playing in 12 games and starting 11. Led team in tackles for loss (11.5) and sacks (8). 2012: Second-team All-MAC pick after playing in 11 games and starting 10. Led team in tackles for loss (12.5) and sacks (8.5). 2011: Redshirted after transferring from Ohio State. 2010: Played in all 13 games and started one for Buckeyes. Newsome played primarily on special teams. 2009: Played in six games, no starts, for Buckeyes. Misc.: Missed Spring practice in 2011 due to academic issues. Was arrested in August of 2012 for marijuana possession and suspended for first two games of season. 	Very good edge burst. Has a long second step and attacks the edges with speed and leverage. Flattens down the line -- good lateral pursuit. Can get depth in coverage and spot drop. Flashes explosive striking ability as a tackler. 
								Strength-deficient and gets hammered in the box. Thin-legged and narrow-based. Too light to set the edge. Limited cover skills  -- is tight in the hips and not natural moving in reverse or coming out of breaks. Immature early in college career. 
							
2014	Willie Snead	2543556	WR	Ball St.	2013: First-team All-MAC pick after finishing third in FBS with 15 receiving touchdowns and recording nine games with 100 or more receiving yards. 2012: Played in 13 games and started in 12. 2011: Played in 11 games and started four. Scored a touchdown in first career start against Army. 	Controlled mover with nice balance. Gets in and out of breaks cleanly. Runs crisp routes -- shows some savvy and subtle physicality to work himself open. Tracks and adjusts very well. Has soft, sure hands and catches naturally. Good concentration to make contested catches. Confident and competitive. Excellent two-year production. 
								Lacks ideal height. Fairly monotone -- does not have explosive speed to separate vertically. Too many catches are contested. Lacks wiggle to elude tacklers and create after the catch. Did not face top-notch competition. 
							
2014	Demetri Goodson	2543557	CB	Baylor	2013: Honorable mention All-Big 12 pick after playing in 11 games and making 10 starts. Recorded three interceptions, tied for most on the team. 2012: Played in four games and started three before breaking his arm and missing the rest of the season. 2011: Played in four games, but did not start. Misc.: Brother, Mike, plays running back for the New York Jets. 	Excellent size. Good athletic ability, hand-eye coordination and ball production. Can turn and run vertical. Nice plant-and-drive -- breaks on throws. Has some upside. Comes from an athletic family and has NFL bloodlines. 
								Concerning durability issues -- injury ended his season in 2011 (ankle) and '12 (arm) and cost him games in '13 (arm). Has short arms and small hands. Relatively inexperienced with green instincts. Press technique needs to be coached up. Loses separation at the break point. Limited tackle production -- gets stuck on blocks and doesn?t set a hard edge. Will be a 25-year-old rookie.
							
2014	Jordan Najvar	2543558	TE	Baylor	Three-time honorable mention All-Big 12 (2011-13). Spent freshman season (2009) at Stanford, but transferred after being buried on the depth chart behind Coby Fleener, Zach Ertz and Levine Toilolo. 2013: Played in 12 games and started eight. Did not score a touchdown. 2012: Played in 13 games and started in three. 2011: Played in all 13 games and started eight. His 15 receptions for 146 yards were most among tight ends. 2010: Sat out season after transferring from Stanford. 2009: Redshirted.	Terrific size. Functional seal, ?move? or ?wham? blocker. Can stay frontal long enough to keep his quarterback clean in the quick game. Lined up inline and in the backfield. Catches the low-difficulty, short-to-intermediate passes he should.
								Average foot speed. Stiff movement -- cannot separate vs. man coverage. Does not play to his size. Poor in-line blocker -- gets overpowered at the point of attack. Limited grip strength to sustain. Minimal receiving production (not a natural catcher).
							
2014	Lache Seastrunk	2543559	RB	Baylor	2013: First-team All-Big 12 pick and Doak Walker Award semifinalist. Played in 11 games and made eight starts. Led team in rushing yards (1,177) for second consecutive season. 2012: Honorable mention All-Big 12 pick and Big 12 Offensive Newcomer of the Year. Played in 13 games and made six starts. His 1,012 rushing yards led the team. 2011: Transferred to Baylor from Oregon and sat out season due to NCAA rules. 2010: Redshirted at Oregon. High school: Broke three Temple High School (Temple, Texas) track and field records (in 100 meters, 400 meters and long jump) as a 13-year-old eighth grader. Misc.: Oregon was placed on three years' probation and lost one scholarship for 2013 and 2014 in June of 2013 after the NCAA deemed the school had improper involvement with Willie Lyles and his Houston-based recruiting service. Lyles had a connection with Seastrunk, who committed to Oregon.	Quick-footed and nifty with very good competitive speed to pull away in the open field. Deceptively fast. Keeps his feet churning on contact and can elude the first tackler and power through arm tackles. Runs low to the ground with good lower-body strength. Weaves through traffic and has a knack for hitting cutback lanes. Very good run balance to stop and start. 
								Does not run big or keep his shoulders squared to the line. Will press and try to do too much -- can improve patience and do a better job of letting his blocks develop. Very limited career receiving production. Played in an offense that featured big running lanes and helped inflate his production. Can be tracked down from behind. Beats to the tune of his own drum and can be susceptible to hanger-ons. 
							
2014	Matthew Paradis	2543560	C	Boise St.	Started in 27 of 35 career games played at Boise State. 2013: Second-team All-Mountain West pick after starting in all 13 games at center. Helped Boise State rank 16th in FBS in scoring offense and ninth in red zone offense. 2012: First-team All-Mountain West selection after starting in all 13 games at center. BSU's offensive line ranked sixth in FBS in sacks allowed. 2011: Played in eight games and started one at center. BSU's offensive line ranked No. 1 in FBS in sacks allowed. 2010: Played in one game, but did not start. 2009: Redshirted.	Engages quickly. Plays on his feet. Generates movement in the run game. Seeks to bury defenders. Strong 6-inch punch. Good hand placement. Firm base in pass protection. Plays with leverage to bend and slide. Alert to stunts and blitzes. Tough and competitive. Terrific intangibles, including leadership traits -- humble, hardworking and highly respected.
								Is not big-framed and body is nearly maxed out. Could stand to improve weight-room strength. Average athlete for the position. Might be stressed by larger, more powerful wide-body nose tackles. Falls off blocks when he bends at the waist. Questionable long-term durability (hip).
							
2014	Kasim Edebali	2543561	DE	Boston College	2013: Second-team All-ACC pick after starting in all 13 games. Led team in tackles for loss (15), sacks (9.5) and forced fumbles (3). Played and started in 11 games. 2011: Started in all 12 games and led team with five pass break ups. 2010: Played in all 13 games and started in four. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played two years at Kimball Union Academy (Meriden, N.H.) as part of USA Football International Student Program. Grew up in Germany and played club American-style football in Hamburg. Played tight end for the German Under-19 national team at the 2006 European Championship.	Good get-off. Shows an arm-over to defeat tackles. Has some disruptive ability to penetrate gaps. Reads plays and locates the ball. Uses his arms to create room to operate. Good motor in pursuit -- forces runs outside and chases to the boundary. Strong tackler. Tries to disrupt passing lanes. Intelligent and articulate. Hardworking, well-respected captain with a professional approach to the game. Three-year starter.
								Lacks ideal size. Overpowered at the point of attack. Pops up off the snap. Needs to develop pass-rush moves and use his hands more violently. Average flexibility, foot speed and change of direction -- exposed in space and shows when he runs the arc. Power element missing. Will be a 24-year-old rookie. 
							
2014	Matt Patchan	2543562	OT	Boston College	Started in 21 of 40 career games played. Transferred to Boston College in 2013 after starting college career at Florida. 2013: Second-team All-ACC pick after starting in all 13 games at left tackle. Blocked for Andre Williams, who ran for 2,177 yards. 2012: Missed season due to pectoral injury suffered in summer camp. 2011: Played in 12 games, starting the final seven at right tackle. He was sidelined for the Gator Bowl against Ohio State with a back injury. 2010: Missed season due ACL injury from 2009. 2009: Played in first four games on offensive line before tearing his ACL. 2008: Played in 11 games on the defensive line as a true freshman before suffering a leg injury. Was not able to play in BCS Championship Game due to injury. Misc.: Father, David, was an offensive tackle at the University of Miami from 1983-87 and a third-round pick (64th overall) of the Philadelphia Eagles in 1988 but never appeared in an NFL game. Patchan transferred to Boston College, where his old position coach at Florida, Steve Addazio, is the head coach.	Fires out of his stance. Effective with an angle. Good foot speed when asked to pull or get to the second level. Functional kick-slide. Flashes a strong punch. Aggressive and competitive. Has tools to work with.
								Short arms. Lacks ideal bulk and core strength -- lengthy injury history has stunted physical development. Gets walked back. Limited hip snap -- does not generate power. Hand use needs work. Inconsistent leverage. Bends at the waist. Balance issues. Inconsistent body control on the move -- struggles to connect and sustain. Has underachiever traits and thinks he?s better than he is.
							
2014	Kevin Pierre-Louis	2543563	OLB	Boston College	2013: First-team All-ACC selection. 2012: Honorable mention All-ACC pick. 2011: Played and started in nine games. 2010: Started in all 13 games as a true freshman. 	Tight-skinned, muscular build. Athletic knee-bender. Flows well laterally. Protects his legs and slips blocks. Motivated and hardworking. Productive four-year starter.
								Needs to improve functional strength. Average eyes and diagnostic skills. Loses sight of the ball, gets sucked in by playaction and takes false steps. Gets knocked out of the hole at the point of attack. Stays wired to blocks. Has man-cover limitations. Has tweener traits -- lacks ideal bulk for linebacker and speed for safety.
							
2014	Kaleb Ramsey	2543564	DE	Boston College	2013: Played in 10 games and started in eight. Made position switch from defensive tackle to defensive end. 2012: Played in and started two games before missing the rest of the season due to injury. 2011: Played in two games and started one. Suffered a foot injury in season opener, missed the next three games, then re-injured it against Northwestern and missed the rest of the season. Was granted a medical redshirt. 2010: Played in 11 games and started nine. Suspended for Notre Dame game for violation of team rules. 2009: Played in seven games and started three. 2008: Played in seven games, but did not start. 	Good read-and-react skills. Shows stack strength to press and extend. Good initial quickness -- bursts off the snap and has disruptive ability. Plays on his feet, is athletic and bends well for his size. Can redirect and chase. Gives effort in pursuit. Strong tackler. Has played inside and outside.
								Durability is a red flag -- is fragile and has missed a multitude of games the last five seasons because of head, hip, shoulder, foot, knee and calf injuries. Inconsistent pad level. Needs to improve hand violence and dexterity to disengage more quickly. Linear rusher. Could stand to play with more intensity snap to snap. Ordinary production. Will be 25-year-old rookie. 
							
2014	Andre  Williams	2543565	RB	Boston College	2013: Finished fourth in Heisman Trophy voting. Was a first-team All-American selection, first-team All-ACC pick and was the Doak Walker Award winner (given to nation's top running back). Became the 16th FBS player to rush for more than 2,000 yards, leading the nation with 2,177 yards rushing. Broke school records with 355 rush attempts and 2,177 rush yards. Ran for an ACC-record 339 yards (plus two touchdowns) against North Carolina State. 2012: Played in nine games with eight starts. Led team with 599 rush yards and four touchdowns. 2011: Played in 10 games and made seven starts. Led his team with four rushing touchdowns. 2010: Played in all 13 games. 	Has very long arms with good overall musculature, wide shoulders and a thick, power base. Good vision to find creases. Runs with urgency and steps downhill fast. Shows an extra gear to kick it into overdrive and outrace defenders to the end zone. Good finishing speed -- did not see him get tracked down from behind. Can power through arm tackles, brush off contact and clear his feet through traffic -- very good contact balance. Solid anchor in pass protection. Keen blitz recognition. Smart and competitive.
								Much of his production is blocked for him -- produced many runs of 20-plus yards untouched. Is not dynamic or creative and makes few tacklers miss. Can do a better job selling routes and settling into soft spots in zones. Minimal receiving production -- 10 career catches. 
							
2014	Eathyn Manumaleuna	2543566	DE	BYU	2013: First-team All-Independent Team pick after starting in all 13 games. 2012: Started in front of Detroit Lions 2013 first-round draft pick Ziggy Ansah before suffering a torn patella tendon in 2012. Redshirted after suffering knee injury after four games. 2011: Started all 13 games at defensive end. 2010: Played in 13 games and started in eight. 2008-09: Did not played while serving on a mission to Oklahoma. 2007: Started all 13 games at nose tackle as a true freshman. 	Good strength, balance and body control. Lines up in a flexible stance and engages quickly. Generally holds his ground. Has two-gap ability. Shoots his hands to stack, locate and shed. Can press his man and walk him back to cave the pocket. Moves very well for a big man, especially laterally -- can pick 'em up and put 'em down in chase mode. Senses screen. Strong wrap tackler. Has NFL bloodlines.
								Lacks ideal length and bulk -- can be locked up by larger blockers. Is not a quick-twitch, power player. Marginal sack production -- one-dimensional rusher who could stand to develop counter moves. What you see is what you get -- will be a 25-year-old rookie.
							
2014	Devin Unga	2543567	ILB	BYU	Will turn 27 years old on Dec. 28, 2014. 2013: First-team All-Independent Team pick after playing in 13 games and making 12 starts. 2012:  Played in all 13 games, but did not start. 2011: Redshirted due to transfer from Oregon State. 2010: Played at Oregon State, where he appeared in 13 games without a start. Was one of eight true freshmen to play. High School: Won football state title as senior; also won a state basketball title in 2005. Misc.: Also goes by Devin Unga. Grew up with eight siblings. Cousin of Reno Mahe, who played for Philadelphia Eagles. Another cousin, Fahu Tahi, played for Minnesota Vikings. Another Cousin, Harvey Unga, is BYU's all-time leading rusher and was drafted by the Chicago Bears. His uncle, Tim Manoa, played for the Cleveland Browns and Indianapolis Colts. His brother, Feti, played at Oregon State.	Good eyes to key and diagnose -- football smart. Plays on his feet and bends well. Steps downhill and has good take-on strength to stack and shed blockers. Motor runs hot in pursuit. Solid tackler. Drops competently into zone and shows nice awareness and reactions. Experience in a 3-4 defense. Has a special-teams mentality. Well-respected, motivated, hardworking leader. Comes from a football family.
								Lacks ideal height and length. Has very small hands. Lacks ideal foot speed -- can be a step late to the perimeter. Can be covered up and negated when he plays on his heels and exposes his frame to larger linemen. Needs to be schemed free as a blitzer. Relatively inexperienced. Is overaged with limited upside -- will be a 26-year-old rookie.
							
2014	Khairi Fortt	2543568	ILB	California	2013: Butkus Award semifinalist started in nine of 11 games played. Missed the last three games of season with a biceps injury. 2012: Redshirted due to knee surgery after transferring from Penn State. Had knee surgery prior to the 2012 season. Actually tore the ligament in ninth grade, but didn't become a problem until early 2012. 2011: Played in 13 games, but started none, for Penn State. 2010: Played in nine games and started one for Penn State. 	Good size with a muscular build. Field fast -- moves like a safety. Very athletic and agile. Plays on his feet and bends naturally. Excellent lateral agility -- flows smoothly and has sideline-to-sideline range. Uses his arms like flippers to play off blocks. Loose-hipped to drop into coverage and match with backs and tight ends. Has traits to excel on special teams.
								Frame is nearly maxed out. Very average key-and-diagnose skills slow his play speed. Does not always trust what he sees -- takes false steps and hesitates to trigger. Inconsistent run fits and field leverage. Can be stronger at the point of attack. Did not make enough splash plays. Has underachiever traits. Motivation and durability should be looked into.
							
2014	Richard Rodgers	2543569	TE	California	2013: Moved from tight end to receiver after losing 30 pounds (275 to 245) after playing tight end in 2011-12. 2012: Played in 11 games and started in six. 2011: One of three true freshmen to play in all 13 games. Misc.: Father, Richard Sr., played for California and was involved in "The Play" in 1982 (made the final of five laterals). Richard Sr. is currently a special teams coordinator under Ron Rivera in Carolina.	Good balance and body control. Dependable short-to-intermediate receiver. Can snatch throws off his body and make contested grabs. Has potential as a move blocker. Showed dedication and discipline re-shaping his body as a junior. Coach?s son.
								Tight hips. Average speed and suddenness -- dull in/out of breaks and struggles to separate vs. more explosive safeties. Unrefined route runner. Straightlinish after the catch. Started just 11 games in three seasons.
							
2014	Storm Johnson	2543570	RB	Central Florida	2013: First-team All-AAC pick. Had 1,139 rushing yards and 14 touchdowns (tied for third in school history). Rushed for 124 yards and three touchdowns against Baylor in the Fiesta Bowl. 2012: Second on team with 507 rushing yards. 2011: Sat out due to transfer rules; transferred to UCF from Miami (Fla.). 2010: Appeared in 10 games for Miami. 	Excellent size and strength to run between the tackles. Has quick feet, gets out of the blocks well and shows some giddyup for a bigger back. Nice leg drive and forward lean. Surprisingly slippery. Good open-field ability -- displays nice peripheral vision and elusiveness to run to daylight. Creates after the catch -- can turn a screen or dump-off into a long gain. Scheme-versatile. 
								Has tight hips and struggles to string moves together. Lacks elite top-end speed -- cannot gain the edge or pull away from the pack. Gears down and chops his steps to cut. Too often tripped up by ankle tackles. Pass protection needs work. Shaky ball security -- eight fumbles in 366 carries 2012-13 (always totes in right hand). Only one year as a feature back.
							
2014	Bashaud Breeland	2543571	CB	Clemson	2013: Third-team All-ACC pick after playing in 13 games and starting 12. Was suspended for first half of Maryland game in 2013 for a "targeting" penalty after hitting Florida State QB Jameis Winston in the previous game. 2012: Played in 10 games and started five. Had groin surgery after missing final three games of 2012. 2011: Played in 14 games and started in seven. 2010: Redshirted. 	Athletic and loose-hipped. Fluid movement skill. Quick-footed. Can shadow, mirror and stay in phase. Plays with a sense of urgency and is aggressive supporting the run. Good back-side lateral-pursuit effort.
								Plays into the boundary. Can be controlled and steered by bigger blockers -- lacks physical play strength. Tends to bend at the waist and overextend, resulting in missed tackles. Exposed vs. Florida State's Rashad Greene. Could stand to play more under control.
							
2014	Martavis Bryant	2543572	WR	Clemson	2013: Honorable mention All-ACC pick after playing in 13 games and making 11 starts. Lost playing time after making a throat slashing gesture. 2012: Played in 10 games, but did not make a start. Was suspended for the bowl game due to academic issues. 2011: Played in all 14 games and made two starts. High School: Played with Doug Williams Jr. as his quarterback.	Excellent body length with a long, rangy frame. Very good straight-line, separation speed. Can drop his hips surprisingly well for as tall as he is and is fairly shifty after the catch. Good red-zone target -- effective making back-shoulder catches. Flashes the ability to climb the ladder and highpoint the ball. Has return experience.
								Inconsistent hands --  tends to double-clutch the ball and makes too many easy drops. Is not a polished route runner --  is stiff in and out of his breaks. Lacks toughness desired to work the middle of the field. Must prove that he is willing to work to assimilate a playbook and learn the finer points of the game. 
							
2014	Kapri Bibbs	2543573	RB	Colorado St.	2013: Had 31 rushing touchdowns, which was tied for the most in FBS. His 1,741 rushing yards were the sixth-most in FBS. This was his only season at the FBS level. 2012: Attended classes in the fall at Front Range Community College. 2011: Played in 11 games for Snow Community College. Misc.: Initially was a member of Colorado State's 2011 recruiting class, but failed to qualify academically and played a year of junior college football.	Good initial quickness. Nice vision and balance. Has one-cut ability -- shows burst when he sticks his foot in the ground and gets upfield. Runs hard. Will be a 21-year-old rookie and has tread on his tires. 
								Average power and tackle-breaking ability. Lacks extra gear to pull away. Questionable third-down ability -- minimal production/exposure as a receiver and pass protection needs work. Does not adjust to throws or catch naturally. Carries the ball loosely. One-year wonder. Showed he could be contained (Alabama, Boise St., Utah St.). 
							
2014	Mike Pennel	2543574	DT	Colorado State-Pueblo	Was suspended twice while at Arizona State. 2013: Played in all 12 games and started 10. Also lined up at fullback in goal-line situations. 2012: Played in five games, but did not make a start. Was suspended twice, and indefinitely the second time. 2011: Played at Scottsdale Community College. 2010: Played at Scottsdale Community College.	Rare size and body mass. Looks the part with a well-distributed frame and carries his weight well for a 350-pounder. Is seldom moved off a spot. Can lock out and walk back blockers with sheer brute strength. Flashes some violence in his hands. Strong short-yardage/goal-line plugger. 
								Gets hung up on blocks too easily and can't split the double team. Plays flat-footed. Not initially quick or sudden to shoot gaps or make plays behind the line of scrimmage. Plays with limited knee bend and tends to stand tall. Could stand to do a better job protecting his legs. Did not dominate vs. lesser competition. Has been disciplined for not following rules and must prove committed. 
							
2014	Yawin Smallwood	2543575	OLB	Connecticut	2013: Butkus Award finalist and first-team All-AAC pick. 2012: First-team All-Big East selection. 2011: Started all 12 games at middle linebacker. 2010: Redshirted. 	Good size, acceleration and straight-line speed. Plays on his feet and sidesteps blocks. Gets depth in his zone drops and keeps pace with backs in coverage. Highly productive three-year starter. Respected, coachable team captain.
								Average eyes and instincts. Does not use his hands violently to take on and discard blocks. Shows some lower-body stiffness. Dull lateral agility. Does not play downhill and can be a step late to the perimeter. Inconsistent run fits and tackling -- too often fails to wrap and drive through ball carriers.
							
2014	Joe Don Duncan	2543576	TE	Dixie St.	2013: First-team AP Little All-American after becoming the only player in school history with a 1,000-yard season. Was a first-team All-Great Northwest Athletics Conference pick. 2012: Missed the season with a knee injury. 2011: Started in 10 games, finishing with 64 receptions for 949 yards and nine touchdowns. 2010: Played in eight games at El Camino Community College. 2009: Played in four games at El Camino Community College. 2008:: Broke femur, forcing him to take a redshirt while at Sacramento State. Misc.: Listens to Elton John before every game.	Big, soft hands and adjusts very well to the ball -- outstanding hand placement and catching radius. Good muscularity and weight-room strength. Very good coverage recognition -- feels his way through zones and finds open areas. Will drop his shoulder and barrell through contact. Flashes some power running after the catch. Respected, vocal, emotional team leader and it shows. Extremely smart. Outstanding football IQ. Football is extremely important to him. Emergency kicker and long-snapper. Superb production for a tight end.
								Has short arms. Average foot speed. Benefited heavily from facing inferior competition (able to separate vertically vs. small, slow defensive backs). Unsudden route runner. Not distinguished as an in-line blocker and plays down to the competition. Very inconsistent second-level blocker --  does not sustain or finish. Will be a 25-year-old rookie. Durability is a concern -- had multiple surgeries on his right leg. 
							
2014	Trey Burton	2543577	TE	Florida	Versatile player saw time at quarterback, fullback, tight end and wide receiver. 2013: Moved to wide receiver full time. 2012: Played in 12 games and made four starts. 2011: Played in 13 games and made seven starts. 2010: SEC All-Freshman Team pick after seeing action at quarterback, fullback, tight end, wide receiver and on special teams. 	Very good athlete. Natural hands-catcher. Catches in stride and adjusts very well to the flight of the ball. Keeps working to uncover and has a good feel for zones. Good route runner. Sets up defensive backs and can create some separation out of his breaks. Can make the first tackler miss and is fairly elusive. Versatile and has played every offensive skill position. Football smart -- understands offensive concepts and how the pieces fit together like a former quarterback. Outstanding personal character and will represent a team with class. Is tough and durable and will play through pain. Willing, effective special-teams contributor. Highly competitive team player. 
								Has short arms and is very undersized for a tight end. Lacks run strength and does not power through tackles or create much yardage after contact. Marginal blocking strength and overall length to sustain and can be overwhelmed. Lacks top-end speed to mismatch safeties. 
							
2014	Jonotthan Harrison	2543578	C	Florida	Started in 39 of 51 career games played. 2013: Started all 12 games at center. 2012: Started all 13 games at center. 2011: Started all 13 games (12 at center, one at left guard).  2010: Played in all 13 games with one start in Outback Bowl against Penn State at left guard. 2009: Redshirted. Dressed for nine of 14 games, but saw no playing time. High school: Was a teammate of Jeff Demps.	Outstanding size and arm length with good overall body thickness. Plays with fine balance and knee bend. Sits to anchor and can stop a charge. Matches up well vs. size and power. Strong run blocker -- can generate some movement. Sets the protections and makes the line calls. Keeps his head on a swivel -- shows awareness to switch off blocks and pick up the blitz and handle stunts. Good work ethic. Well-respected, articulate team player.
								Average athletic ability. Could stand to improve sustaining and finishing blocks. Lets quick penetrators cross his face. Average recovery speed once beat. Lacks ideal foot quickness and agility to pull and cut off linebackers at the second level. Can do a better job replacing his hands (tends to grab). Can learn to keep emotions in check -- ejected from Arkansas game (2013) for unsportsmanlike conduct (bumped an official).
							
2014	Ronald Powell	2543579	OLB	Florida	2013: Played in 11 games and started in eight. 2012: Tore his left ACL two different times. First ACL tear came in spring game, and then second came during rehab. 2011: Played and started in 12 games. 2010: Played in 13 games and made one start. High school: Was No. 1-rated defensive end recruit (Rivals).	Looks the part -- well-proportioned, athletic, muscular build. Natural bender. Terrific agility. Can stunt and loop. Closes fast. Flashes strong hands and power potential. Loose hips to zone drop. Was deployed as a stand-up linebacker and hand-in-the-dirt rush end. Has untapped potential.
								Inconsistent get-off. Average eyes and instincts -- has to see it before he triggers. Shoddy edge setter. Plays short-armed, gets locked up and allows linemen to capture his outside shoulder. Aimless, unrefined pass rusher. Intensity and urgency leave something to be desired. Has coasted on natural talent. Had his tires pumped since high school -- entitlement was an issue as a young player and his personality could rub some people the wrong way. Injury history.
							
2014	Loucheiz Purifoy	2543580	CB	Florida	2013: Played in 11 games and made seven starts. 2012: Played in all 13 games and made 12 starts. Blocked a punt as time expired that was returned for a touchdown by Jelani Jenkins to give Gators a 27-20 win over Louisiana-Lafayette. 2011: Played in all 13 games, but did not make a start. 	Outstanding athleticism. Nice length, speed and fluidity. Light on his feet. Transitions smoothly. Can flip his hips and carry receivers deep. Flashes playmaking ability. Good hands to intercept. Tries to strip the ball out. Has special-teams experience returning and covering kicks -- was productive as a gunner earlier in his career. Conditioned, confident and competitive. Has upside. 
								Needs to get functionally stronger to jam/re-route and shed blocks. Gives up separation at the break point and gets outmuscled at the catch point. Inconsistent, leaky, underpowered tackler. Instincts and anticipation are lacking. Technique needs to be coached up -- opens the gate and gets beat off the snap. Leaves production on the field -- in position, but doesn?t make the play. Questionable tackle and ball production -- registered just 24 tackles as a junior and logged just 12 PBUs and two INTs from 2012-13. Marginal run strength as a returner. Shared reps as a junior.
							
2014	Marcus Roberson	2543581	CB	Florida	2013: Played in seven games and made four starts. Missed four games with a knee/ankle injury, and one more game due to a violation of team rules. 2012: Second-team All-SEC selection after playing in all 13 games and making four starts. Had 12 pass breakups, the most at the time for Florida since Joe Haden in 2008. 2011: Started first 10 games before suffering season ending neck injury.	Good size and nice body length. Transitions efficiently and shows nice plant-and-drive quickness. Flashes ball skills to break up plays. Has punt-return experience -- can elude the first tackler and gain what?s blocked. 
								Needs to bulk up and get functionally stronger. Struggles with bigger, stronger receivers. Lacks elite top-end speed to keep pace with burners. Anticipation and route recognition are lacking. Susceptible to double moves. Tends to clutch and grab when he?s beat. Inconsistent ball reactions. Poor tackler. Recorded just 34 tackles the last two seasons. Started 18 of 30 career games. Durability has been an issue -- missed three games in 2011 (neck) and '13 (knee). Was suspended two games as a junior. 
							
2014	Keith Reaser	2543582	CB	Florida Atlantic	2013: Started five of the first six games, but missed the final six games after tearing his ACL in a game against UAB. 2012: Started all 12 games. 2011: Started all 12 games. 2010: Played in 10 games and started two. 2009: Redshirted.	Has a solid build. Quick pedal -- turns his feet over rapidly and is controlled and balanced in reverse. Smooth-hipped. Good football intelligence. Understands run fits. Comfortable in off-man coverage -- maintains good cushion and keeps receivers in front of him. Nice shadow and mirror in man coverage. Respected team leader. 
								Average agility and long speed. Lacks strength in run support and could stand to be more aggressive filling. Tackles low. Not explosive. Nonchalant football-playing demeanor. Does not play with confidence or trigger quickly to what he sees. Average ball skills.
							
2014	Devonta Freeman	2543583	RB	Florida St.	2013: First-team All-ACC pick after becoming first FSU player with 1,000-plus yards rushing since Warrick Dunn in 1996. Started in all 14 games. Scored a touchdown in FSU's win over Auburn in the BCS National Championship. 2012: Finished second on the team wiht 660 rushing yards and eight touchdowns. 2011: Led FSU in rushing attempts (120), yards (579), average per rush (4.8), rushing touchdowns (8) and yards rushing per game (48.2). High school: Won state championship as senior, rushing for 308 yards -? 20 shy of the state championship game record.	Well-built with a compact frame. Very good eyes and lateral agility in the hole -- shimmies through small spaces and can create yardage where there is none. Squares his shoulders to the line and runs efficiently. Good lower-body strength, surprising power and superb balance. Tough and runs hard. Catches outside his frame and can make the difficult catch. Strong and nifty after the catch. Reliable in pass protection. Terrific competitor. Extremely durable and never missed a game. Works at his craft and is a student of the game.
								Lacks ideal size and power for a bellcow back and does not run heavily between the tackles. Does not possess home-run speed. Ran behind one of the most talented offensive lines in college football in an offense stacked with talent. Has been nagged by back injuries.
							
2014	Bryan Stork	2543584	C	Florida St.	2013: Remington Trophy Winner and first-team All-ACC pick. Started 13 games, but missing Wake Forest game with an ankle injury. 2012: First-team All-ACC selection after starting 13 games at center. Missed the game against Savannah State due to injury. 2011: Played in 12 of 13 games with 10 starts (four at right guard, six at center). 2010: Played in 10 games with four starts at right guard. Missed two games due to illness. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played tight end in high school, and was primarily a blocker in run-based offense.	Excellent size. Has shown he can handle big-bodied cloggers. Maintains good positioning and can slide, shuffle and seal off defenders. Solid anchor in pass protection. Uses his hands well to control defenders. Understands angles and leverage. Athletic enough to chip and work up a level. Good competitor. Has played guard and center and offers interior versatility. Good football intelligence. Lunchpail worker. The game is important to him.
								Has short arms and stiff hips. Lumbering movement skill -- can be late to reach the second level. Dips his head and grabs. Tends to play tall and can be bulled into the backfield when he rises straight up.  Not explosive -- cannot sink his hips and roll off the ball in the run game to move defenders. Average functional strength. Benefited from playing alongside two very talented guards that helped cover up deficiencies. 
							
2014	James Wilder	2543585	RB	Florida St.	Son of former Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Detroit Lions running back James Wilder, who ran for 6,008 yards in his career and made the Pro Bowl following the 1984 season in which he ran for 1,544 yards and 13 touchdowns. 2013: Played in 13 games and made one start. 2012: Played in all 14 games and made one start. Was the ACC Championship Game MVP after scoring two touchdowns. 2011: Played in 12 games. High school: Considered best football athlete in the country after playing both running back and linebacker at Plant High School in Tampa.	Looks the part -- built like a cut-up strong safety with tight skin and layered muscle. Equipped to withstand the pounding of inside running. Effective in short-yardage situations. Good balance. Runs behind his pads. Robust tackle-breaker -- churns out yards after contact and carries defenders. Brandishes a stiff-arm. Explosive, well-conditioned athlete with very low body fat. Enters the league relatively fresh, having carried just 226 times in three seasons. Averaged 7 yards per carry in 2013 and averaged a TD every 10 carries from 2012-13. Clear upside. Has NFL bloodlines.
								Has a long torso, runs upright and exposes his frame to hits. Lacks ideal foot speed -- gets tracked down from behind. Tight-hipped with limited wiggle. Gears down to cut and does not string moves together. Lets throws into his body. Could stand to improve as a blocker. Was not a feature back in college. Durability has been an issue -- hurt his shoulder and sustained a concussion in 2013. Has multiple arrests in his past -- character and maturity need to be investigated. 
							
2014	Isaiah Burse	2543586	WR	Fresno St.	2013: Second-team All-Mountain West pick after starting in all 13 games and finishing second on the team with 100 receptions (Davante Adams, 131). 2012: Honorable mention All-Mountain West pick after playing in all 13 games and making 11 starts. 2011: Played in all 13 games with one start in the season-opener against California. Set FBS records with 75 kickoff returns for 1,606 yards. 2010: Played in 12 games; did not play against Utah State in second game of season. Finished third on team in all-purpose yards (Jalen Saunders led the team). 	Good athlete. Shows some suddenness as a route runner to climb defensive backs and can create separation when he needs to with short-area burst and speed cuts. Keeps working zones to come free and has a knack for finding soft spots in coverage. Scrappy competitor. Carries a swagger. Strong-handed. Field-fast. Catches on contact and fearlessly crosses the middle. Sifts through traffic and fights for extra yardage. Good vision, elusiveness and cutback ability in the return game. Football smart. Respected team leader. 
								Has a small frame with short arms and tiny hands. Does not track the ball very well over his shoulder and makes some easy drops. Lacks run-after-the-catch strength and does not power through tackles. Average long speed -- lacks top gear to kick it into overdrive and pull away from the pack. Could improve as a blocker 
							
2014	Aaron  Murray	2543587	QB	Georgia	School-record holder in attempts (1,478), completions (921), passing yards (13,166) and touchdowns (121). Records were previously held by David Greene. 2013: Started first 11 games before suffering a torn left ACL on Nov. 23 against Kentucky. Was named SEC Scholar Athlete of the Year. 2012: Started all 14 games and won the Vince Dooley Most Valuable Player Award. Set single-season school records in passing yards (3,893) and TD (36). 2011: Second-team All-SEC selection after starting all 14 games and earning team offensive MVP honors. 2010: Was an SEC All-Freshman Team pick after starting all 13 games. Was also named Team Offensive MVP and Newcomer of the Year. Threw for Georgia freshman record 3,049 yards. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Parade and U.S. Army All-American pick. Suffered broken fibula early in his senior season, but returned to lead team to Class 4A state championship. Was named Mr. Football in Florida as a junior.	Has a quick release and is light enough on his feet to escape the first wave and make some plays on the move. Solid decision-maker -- takes what the defense gives him. Fine short-to-intermediate accuracy. Good intangibles. Encouraging team leader with a likeable personality. Leads by example. Serves well as the face of the program. Outstanding work ethic. Is very intelligent and football smart. Experienced, four-year starter in the SEC.
								Short and short-armed with a low release point that leads to batted balls. Very small-framed with a thin waist and a body that is not built to withstand the punishment that comes in the pocket. Average arm talent. Has to set his feet and everything needs to be perfect to function well. Could stand to improve his footwork. Marginal deep-ball accuracy -- tends to overstride and forces receivers to adjust. Many passes are pre-determined and often throws to spots. Loses poise under duress and can be rattled easily by pressure. Gets too jittery and anxious (overanalyzes) in big games and has a very low winning percentage vs. top-10 teams. Long-term durability is concerning.
							
2014	Albert Wilson	2543588	WR	Georgia State	2013: First-team All-Sun Belt pick at wide receiver and second-team All-Sun Belt selection as all-purpose performer. Started all 12 games, and led team in receptions (71), receiving yards (1,177) and touchdown receptions (8). 2012: Co-CAA Special Team Player of the Year pick and first-team All-CAA selection. Played in all 11 games with 10 starts; did not start against Richmond. 2011: Played in nine games with six starts; missed games against Houston and Murray State. Led the team in receptions (37), receiving yards (772) and touchdown receptions (6). 2010: Honored as team's MVP on special teams. Played in 10 of 11 games. 	Has a strong, compact build. Very good timed speed and leaping ability. Will catch in a crowd and can make the first tackler miss. Nice run vision after the catch. Can take a hit and pop back up. Tracks the ball well over his shoulder. Has a feel for finding lanes in the return game. Continually improved and outstanding overall multipurpose production as a runner, receiver and return man.
								A bit straight-linish and unsudden out of his breaks. Limited strength to beat the jam and avoid the hold-up. Inconsistent hands-catcher. Has carried a sense of entitlement and is still learning what it means to be a pro. Could require some additional maintenance.
							
2014	Matt Armstrong	2543589	C	Grand Valley St.	Three-time first-team All-GLIAC selection (2010, 2012-13). Started in 48 of 51 career games played. 2013: First-team AP Little All-American and Rimington Award winner (as top Division 2 center). 2012: Started all 11 games. 2011: Received a medical redshirt after undergoing bone graft surgery on left knee. 2010: Started 12 games. 2009: Honorable mention All-GLIAC pick. Played in 13 games and started 10. 2008: Redshirted.	Has large hands. Good strength. Nice snap-and-step quickness. Works his hips and maneuvers to gain positioning. Can bend and slide. Can combo block and step to the second level. Smart, aware and competitive. Has played all along the offensive line. Four-year starter.
								Size is just adequate and does not look the part. Fleshy midsection. Could struggle to drop anchor vs. powerful widebodies. Not explosive. Plays short-armed. Hand use needs work -- does not punch or jolt defenders. Latches on and stalemates rather than driving his man off the line. Has been dinged up. Marginal competition.
							
2014	Cody Latimer	2543590	WR	Indiana	Two-time honorable mention All-Big Ten selection (2012-13). 2013: Started all 12 games. 2012: Played in 12 games and started 10. 2011: Played in eight games and started two. Missed final three games due to hernia surgery.	Very good size. Shows a jab step to get into routes cleanly and is equipped to combat the jam. Can use his frame and physicality to create separation on slants and ?post-up? throws. Nice catch radius -- extends to snag throws off his body. Soft, dependable hands. Nice strength after the catch. Good blocker -- subdues cornerbacks, shields, stalks and sustains. Improved steadily over three years as a starter.
								Is high-cut and shows some lower-body stiffness in his route running. Average burst off the line. Not a quick-twitch athlete -- could struggle to shake loose from more athletic corners. Lacks foot speed to separate vertically. Is straightlinish after the catch and will not make anyone miss. Marginal special-teams utility. Football was not his first love.
							
2014	Conor Boffeli	2543591	OG	Iowa	Started in 16 of 24 gamse played. 2013: Honorable mention All-Big Ten selection after starting in all 13 games and helping Iowa rush for 200-plus yards five times. 2012: Played in four games and started three. 2011: Played in three games, but did not start. 2010: Played in four games, but did not start. 2009: Redshirted.	Understands angles and positioning. Can shuffle, slide and mirror defenders in pass protection. Good football intelligence and work habits. Plays hard and competes. The game is important to him. Versatile.
								Small-framed with marginal arm length and a narrow base. Average athlete. Sets tall. Not strong or explosive at the point of attack to move defenders. Is late to reach and cut off defenders. Spends too much time on the ground. Overwhelmed by Minnesota DL Ra'shede Hageman. Only a one-year starter. 
							
2014	Anthony Hitchens	2543592	OLB	Iowa	2013: Second-team All-Big Ten selection after starting in all 13 games and leading the team with 112 tackles. 2012: Honorable mention All-Big Ten pick after playing in and starting 11 games. Led the Big Ten with 124 tackles. 2011: Played in eight games, but did not start. Missed five games due to a knee injury. 2010: Played in 10 games, but did not start. 	Aggressive tackler. Flows fast to the ball (when he sees it) and has good playing range to the sideline. Plays bigger than his size and does not back down from big-bodied blockers or physical runners (see Ohio State). Fairly explosive hitter. Plays with a chip on his shoulder and is highly respected for his work ethic, makeup and overall approach. Is mentally and physically tough. Very durable despite lack of size (missed only one game in career).
								Is short and lacks bulk. Tends to play narrow-based and get rooted out of the hole on inside runs. Angles and anticipation could stand to improve -- is late to sort out misdirection. Very average cover instincts -- often is lured by play-action passing game. See-and-go reactor. Modest production for a weakside position where action is designed to be heavily funneled his way -- leaves some on the field.
							
2014	James Morris	2543593	ILB	Iowa	A second-team All-Big Ten pick in 2013 and a two-time honorable mention All-Big Ten selection (2011-12). 2013: Started in all 13 games and became the frist linebacker since 1986 to lead the team in sacks (7). Won two Big Ten Defensive Player of the Week honors. 2012: Played in 12 games and started 11. 2011: Started in all 12 games. 2010: Played in 13 games and started six. Was first true freshman to start for Iowa since Jovon Johnson in 2002.	Good eyes, instincts and motor -- is around the ball a lot. Plays with a good base and does not cross his feet. Understands run fits. Clings to receivers passing through his zone. Urgent buzzing to the flat. Very tough and durable -- will play through pain. Experienced, three-and-a-half-year starter. Very strong personal and football character. Accountable. Team leader. Extremely competitive. Outstanding weight-room explosion -- can power-clean nearly 400 pounds.
								Very stiff-hipped and short-armed. Tends to play tall, get caught up in traffic and engulfed at the point of attack. Much of production comes moving laterally down the field. Does not drive his legs through contact and tackles low. Average functional strength and explosion. Marginal playing range. Tends to overrun the ball. Limited closing speed. Gives up separation in man coverage and struggles carrying crossers or keeping stride with backs and tight ends. Late to arrive on blitz assignments and gets knocked off path. Does not play on special teams.
							
2014	Jeremiah George	2543594	ILB	Iowa St.	2013: First-team All-Big 12 selection after leading team in tackles (133), tackles for loss (12), sacks (3.5) and tying for most interceptions (2). 2012: Played in all 13 games and started nine. 2011: Played in all 13 games, but did not start. 2010: Played in nine games, but did not start.	Is sudden stepping downhill and flashes some shock in his hands. Plays with urgency and leaves all his energy and effort on the field. Explosive short-area burst. Very good balance and body control. Flows fast to the sideline and has the speed to cut off backs at the corner. Intense, vocal team leader. Good work ethic. Is committed to the game and competes hard. Has the makeup of a special-teams terror.
								Marginal size (built like a box safety). Slew-footed. Runs around blocks and takes himself out of plays overpursuing and giving up the cutback. Not stout -- can be run at. Average zone awareness. See-and-go reactor -- late to trigger.
							
2014	Luke Lucas	2543595	OT	Kansas St.	Started in 26 of 50 career games played. 2013: Honorable mention All-Big 12 pick after starting all 13 games at left tackle. 2012: First-team All-Big 12 pick after starting all 13 games at left tackle. 2011: Played in 12 games; also played special teams. 2010: Played in 12 games; also played special teams. 2009: Redshirted.	Rare length (body and arms) with a wingspan of a small aircraft. Fairly light on his feet for as big as he is and overall length allows him to recover to inside counters.
								Thin-framed. Lacks weight-room and functional football-playing strength. Not stout at the point of attack. Plays too upright and is not a natural knee bender. Not explosive and does not generate power through his lower body. Marginal finisher. Struggles to cut off the wide rush. Just a two-year starter. 
							
2014	Dri Archer	2543596	RB	Kent St.	2013: Third-team All-MAC pick as a wide receiver and kickoff return specialist. Played in 10 games with nine starts. Missed games against Bowling Green and Penn State. 2012: MAC Special Teams Player of the Year and first-team All-MAC as a running back and kickoff return specialist. Led FBS with three kick return touchdowns. Played in all 14 games with 11 starts. 2011: Academically ineligible for season. 2010: Played in all 12 games. 2009: Played in 11 games as a true freshman. Misc.: Finished second in 100-meter final of state high school track meet in his first full season of running (ahead of third-place Denard Robinson).	Outstanding burst, acceleration and top-end speed to take the corner and create big plays. Can fly by MAC competition with top gear. Very good agility, balance, vision and creativity. Weaves through a crowd and can find daylight. Soft-handed and plucks the ball with ease. Extremely strong pound-for-pound. Very good career all-purpose yardage. Good versatility -- contributes as a runner, slot receiver and return man. Four career kickoff-return TDs (and was kicked away from). 
								Very short and rail thin with no strength or running power. Not a tackle-breaker and goes down easy on contact. Limited inside runner. Can be knocked off routes easily and struggles catching on contact. Not a nuanced route runner. Very marginal, underpowered blocker. Could stand to do a better job securing the ball in traffic. Is not ideally built to withstand a full NFL season. 
							
2014	Avery Williamson	2543597	ILB	Kentucky	2013: Second-team All-SEC selection. Played in 12 games, started 11. Led team with 102 tackles. 2012: Played in 12 games and started 10. Finished second in the SEC with 135 tackles. 2011: Played in 12 games, but did not start. 2010: Played in 12 games, but did not start.	Good size. Plays with a good, wide base. Very productive tackler. Outstanding personal and football character -- works hard, is accountable and commands respect. Smart, understands the game and can make all the calls and on-field adjustments.
								Average athletic ability and foot quickness -- is a step late to the perimeter. Struggles to disengage from blockers once he is locked up. Limited cover range and reactions -- is late to recognize and gets sucked up by playaction. Average functional strength. Is not a take-on thumper.
							
2014	IK Enemkpali	2543598	DE	Louisiana Tech	2013: First-team All-Conference USA after starting in all 12 games. 2012: First-team All-WAC after starting in all 11 games and earning program's Fred Dean Defensive Player of the Year award. 2011: Played in 12 games with no starts. Was suspended for first game of the season. 2010: Played in 11 games, starting the final nine. 2009: Redshirted. Misc.: Full name is Ikemefuna Chinedum Enemkpali. Arrested in April of 2011 for disturbing the peace and battery of a police officer following an off-campus incident. Was suspended by Sonny Dykes after the incident.	Very thickly built. Flashes shock and violence in his punch. Highly competitive, plays hard and motor runs hot. Keeps battling to the quarterback. Gave Texas A&M OLT and 2013 No. 2 overall pick Luke Joeckel fits in '12. Superb football character -- the game is very important to him. Film junkie. Tough and physical.
								Below-average height. Ultra-stiff and overly muscled, negating his quickness, speed and lateral agility. Green eyes and instincts -- gets outflanked too easily, is consistently late off the ball and can improve his snap anticipation and get-off quickness. Marginal hip flexibility. Lacks variety of pass-rush moves and gets hung up on blocks too easily. Can create better extension and improve hand use to swat, shed and disengage. Does not consistently convert speed to power.
							
2014	Damian Copeland	2543599	WR	Louisville	Led team in receptions each of past two seasons. 2013: Played in all 13 games with 12 starts (did not start against Miami in the Russell Athletic Bowl as the team started game in two tight end formation). 2012: Started all 13 games and led the team with 50 receptions. 2011: Played in one game before suffering season-ending hamstring injury. 2010: Played in eight games before torn meniscus ended his season. 2009: Redshirted, and fractured his foot during the season. Misc.: Was granted a medical hardship waiver and a sixth year of eligibility by the NCAA, but decided to forgo the season and enter the 2014 NFL Draft. He made his decision before coach Charlie Strong left for Texas. Nickname is "Honey Mustard" due to his haircut.	Makes good adjustments to the ball and has a fairly wide catching radius. Runs with urgency after the catch and carries a swagger. Solid production -- two-time team-leading receiver.
								Average athlete with limited functional strength to escape tight press coverage. Lacks a feel for coverage to beat zones. Can be fazed by traffic -- will alter his routes and make some concentration drops. Not a nuanced route runner and creates little separation with savvy -- gears down out of his breaks and gives up break points. Struggles to escape man coverage. Not creative after the catch. Soft blocker -- does not finish. Durability was a considerable issue early in his college career (missed 17 games with knee, foot and hamstring injuries). 
							
2014	Alfred Blue	2543600	RB	LSU	2013: Played in all 13 games with two starts. Rushed for season-high 89 yards and career-high 19 carries in win over TCU to open the season. 2012: Started first three games before torn ACL ended his season. Started season with back-to-back 100-yard games (123 vs. North Texas; 101 and touchdown vs. Washington). 2011: Played in 12 games with one start. Missed Arkansas game with injury. 2010: Played 11 games with one start.	Terrific size and musculature. Inside-outside ability. Nice vision, instincts and patience. Has good speed for a back his size -- opens up his stride in the clear. Strong runner -- heavy on contact. Powers through arm tackles and runs with forward lean. Wields an effective stiff-arm. Looks to have good hands in limited exposure. Flashes playmaking ability. Has tread on his tires -- averaged just 52 carries per season at LSU. Has experience in a pro-style offense and on special teams. Clear upside.
								Average initial quickness and lateral agility. Smoother than he is explosive. Can run with more consistent intensity and pad level on a carry-by-carry basis -- does not always run angry or lower his pads. Shows some stiffness as a route runner. Weak in pass protection -- needs to improve willingness, awareness, technique and physicality. Was never the feature back at LSU (seven career starts). Suffered a torn ACL in 2012. Made controversial, homophobic remarks and maturity should be looked into.
							
2014	J.C. Copeland	2543601	FB	LSU	Spent last two seasons as team's primary fullback. 2013: Played in 11 games and started six. Recorded three rushing touchdowns despite only 13 attempts. 2012: Played in 13 games, starting 12. 2011: Played in 14 games, starting four. 2010: Played in four games as a fullback.	Exceptional bulk. Good upper-body strength to lock on and torque defenders. Strong short-yardage/goal-line runner. 
								Could improve sustain on the move (slips off some blocks). Gets hung up in traffic. Average athletic ability, leg drive and contact balance. Does not consistently generate movement as much as he should. Can improve ball security (see Alabama on goal line). Runs upright -- struggles to sink and unlock his hips. Limited route runner.
							
2014	Ego Ferguson	2543602	DT	LSU	2013: Honorable mention All-SEC selection. Played in and started 12 games. Did not play in Outback Bowl, and coach Les Miles said it was due to "medical issues" and "he was not allowed to be with the team." 2012: Played in 13 games, but did not have a start. 2011: Played in 13 games, but did not have a start. 2010: Redshirted.	Good size, foot speed, balance and athletic ability. Flashes the ability to stack, locate and shed. Bends his knees, redirects efficiently and has good range for a 300-pounder -- flows well laterally. Nice closing speed. Had disruptive potential. 
								Needs to get stronger through his core and base. Needs to quicken his hands and use them more violently. Raw counters and pass-rush moves. Power element is missing. Spends too much time idled at the line of scrimmage. Does not dominate single blocks and gets beat up by double teams. Limited two-gap ability. Disappears for long stretches. Only a one-year starter with minimal behind-the-line production. 
							
2014	Jeremy Hill	2543603	RB	LSU	2013: Rushed for 1,401 yards, second-most in school history. His 6.9-yard average set a new SEC record. Second Team All-SEC. Missed opener vs TCU (and first quarter vs UAB) due to suspension. Ranked second in SEC with 116.8 rushing YPG. Rushed for 100+ yards a school-record-tying seven times. 2012: First true freshman to lead LSU in rushing since 2003 (Justin Vincent). At least one rushing TD in 7 of 10 games. High School: No. 11 RB in (Scout). Misc: Sat out the fall semester in 2011 after being arrested on sexual assault charges. Was suspended in April 2013 after allegedly punching a man outside a campus bar. On probation until July 12, 2015.	Outstanding size. Good initial quickness -- gets rolling downhill in a hurry. Quick feet for a bigger back. Slashes through holes. Spins off tackles and picks up yards after contact. Shows good hands in limited exposure -- effective short receiver. Productive in a pro-style power offense -- averaged nearly 7 yards per carry as a sophomore. Takes care of the ball -- one fumble in 371 career touches. Has tread on his tires and will be a 21-year-old rookie. 
								Average vision and balance. Shows some hip tightness and does not string moves together. Can do a better job running behind his pads between the tackles -- enters the hole upright, negating his ability to move the pile. Gears down to cut laterally and slide to another hole. Average second-level burst. Lacks elite top-end speed to pull away from the pack and can be tracked down before reaching the edge. Was not used extensively as a receiver and did not run a variety of routes. Was contained by Alabama. Character, maturity and stability must be investigated thoroughly. 
							
2014	Anthony Johnson	2543604	DT	LSU	Has lost 30-plus pounds since his freshman season in an effort to get quicker. 2013: Second-team All-SEC selection after starting in all 13 games and leading team with nine tackles for loss. 2012: Played in 13 games and started three. 2011: Played in all 14 games, but did not start. 	Looks the part -- big and well-proportioned. Quick get-off. Plays on his feet. Excellent movement skills and foot speed. Knee bender who redirects and accelerates efficiently for a big man. Flashes strength to stack and shed single blocks. Good closing burst to the quarterback. Was a 20-year-old junior -- has moldable, raw tools and upside.
								Plays tall and short-armed -- too easily turned and washed. Weak base and lackluster compete vs. double teams. Hand use needs work -- spends too much time flailing at the line of scrimmage. Does not consistently convert speed to power. Unsophisticated pass rusher -- needs to cultivate moves and develop a plan. Disappears for stretches. Started just 16 career games. Weight has fluctuated. Has underachiever traits. Character and stability need to be investigated. 
							
2014	Zach Mettenberger	2543605	QB	LSU	2013: Played in and started 12 games. Missed Outback Bowl against Iowa after tearing his left ACL in regular-season finale vs. Arkansas. Became third LSU QB to throw for 3,000 yards in a season (Rohan Davey, 3,347 yards in 2001; and JaMarcus Russell, 3,129 yards in 2006). 2012: Started all 13 games. 2011: Played in five games. 2010: Played at Butler Community College, and led Butler to 11-1 record and berth in the JUCO National Championship Game. 2009: Did not play while at Georgia, and transferred after season. Pleaded guilty to two counts of misdemeanor sexual battery after groping a woman at Flip Flops bar near Valdosta. Coach Mark Richt kicked him off the team on April 18, 2010.	Exceptional size. Outstanding arm strength -- spins it with velocity and can make all the throws. Can drill the deep out and fit it into a tight window across the field throwing to his left. Ran an NFL-style offense under coordinator Cam Cameron and learned how to become more of a leader as a senior. 
								Heavy-footed with a long delivery, which translates to the pocket closing on him quickly when he moves and is forced off a spot. Takes unnecessary sacks and is rattled easily under duress. Really labors to hasten his release and get rid of the ball quickly when needed. Has tunnel vision and arms the ball too much. Tends to trigger late and frequently underthrows the deep ball. Does not throw receivers open and forces them to adjust. Can learn to take pace off the ball and throw with more touch, better timing and anticipation. Had a very strong supporting cast with NFL-caliber receivers and a stout offensive line. Weight fluctuated early in his career and arrived at LSU pushing 260 pounds. Is coming off an ACL injury and will require some rehabilitation time. Character will require closer scrutiny.
							
2014	Trai Turner	2543606	OG	LSU	Started in 20 of 25 career games played. 2013: Started all 13 games at right guard. Helped LSU gain a school-record 37 rushing touchdowns. Helped Jeremy Hill rush for 1,401 yards (second most in LSU history). 2012: Played in 12 games and started seven at right guard. 2011: Redshirted. 	Good overall body mass. Walls off defenders and generates movement in the run game. Can latch on and keep defenders at bay. Has experience locking horns with NFL-caliber defensive tackles, both in SEC games and practice. Will be a 21-year-old rookie. 
								Lacks ideal length. Has thick hips and a fleshy midsection, which affects his ability to maneuver, position and fit. Ordinary hip snap. Has balance issues. Tends to bend at the waist and let his weight drift over his toes. Body control wanes the farther he travels. Technique needs work.
							
2014	Kendall James	2543607	CB	Maine	2013: First-team All-CAA pick after starting all 13 games. 2012: Started all 11 games. 2011: First-team All-CAA selection after playing in 13 games and starting in 11. 2010:  Played in all 11 games and started one. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played defensive back and wide receiver, and helped his team to its first winning record in 10 years. Started at point guard for three years. Helped win team state title in track as junior.	Outstanding timed speed and leaping ability. Terrific balance, body control and agility. Fluid and flexible with loose hips and ankles to transition and change direction smoothly. Mirrors in man coverage. Aware in zone. Plants and drives quickly. Shows burst to close and recover. Good ball skills. Will come up and stick his nose in run support. Has special-teams experience as a gunner. Three-year starter.
								Does not look the part -- is skinny with extremely short arms and small hands. Must bulk up and get functionally stronger -- gets wired to blocks. Does not have strength to press -- will be outmuscled by larger receivers outside the numbers. Tackles low and needs help from the cavalry when he cannot chop down ball carriers with momentum. Lacks experience playing inside. 
							
2014	Dexter McDougle	2543608	CB	Maryland	2013: Played and started three games before suffering season-ending shoulder injury against Connecticut. 2012: Started all 12 games. Led team with 58 solo tackles. 2011: Started all 12 games. 2010: Played in 11 games, but did not start. 2009: Redshirted. Misc.: High school teammate of Baltimore Ravens receiver Torrey Smith.	Excellent speed to keep pace vertically. Reads and reacts quickly. Mirrors off the line. Good balance, agility and change of direction. Zone aware. Plants and drives efficiently. Has short-area quickness and stop-and-start acceleration. Covers ground with the ball in the air and shows burst to close. Solid tackler. Fits in multiple schemes. Good teammate.
								Lacks ideal height. Short on length and strength to jam and re-route receivers -- too often yields uncontested release off the line. Occasionally gets caught trying to read the quarterback?s mail -- squats on routes, bites on fakes and gets beat. Durability could be an issue.
							
2014	Nic Jacobs	2543609	TE	McNeese St.	Played at LSU in 2011 and 2012. 2013: Played in 13 games and started 12 for McNeese State. 2012: Played in nine games and started one for LSU. Was suspended for the final four games due to violation of an unspecified team rule. 2011: Played in 10 games at LSU. Did not start, but played on special teams. 2010: Redshirted at LSU.	Very good frame -- big enough to block inline. Willing blocker -- works to position and tries to run his feet on contact. Effective move blocker -- shows good awareness and reactions to adjust to and fit on targets. Functional short receiver -- generally catches what he should.
								Could stand to get stronger. Tight hips and stiff ankles. Pedestrian foot speed -- does not threaten the seam. Will struggle to create separation vs. man coverage. Limited after the catch. Does not generate power through his lower half. Could stand to improve his blocking technique -- tends to bend at the waist. Does not physically dominate FCS competition.
							
2014	Tom Hornsey	2543610	P	Memphis	2013: Ray Guy Award winner as nation's top punter. Co-AAC Special Teams Player of the Year (with Demarcus Ayers, a returner from Houston). 2012: Honorable mention All-Conference USA pick after playing in all 12 games. 2011: Honorable mention All-Conference USA pick after playing in all 12 games. 2010: Honorable mention All-Conference USA pick after playing in first American football game during season. Played in 12 total games during year. High school: Played Australian Rules football and tennis. Spent the 2009-10 school year training at ProKick Australia, an academy developed to assist in the transition to American football by providing the fundamentals of punting.	Very good leg strength. Catches cleanly and approach is very consistent. Drives the ball for distance and is capable of flipping the field. Very good hang time. Handles pressure and the elements well. Works at his craft. Experienced, four-year starter. Serves as the holder on FGs and PATs.
								Very short arms and small hands. Could stand to hasten his delivery and generate better rise -- the ball does not explode off his foot. Accuracy and placement leave room for improvement. Overaged and will be a 25-year-old rookie. Very limited tackler.
							
2014	Pat O'Donnell	2543611	P	Miami	2013: First-team All-ACC pick and named team's special teams MVP. Played in all 13 games and finished season with a punt of 50-plus yards in eight consecutive games. 2012: Second-team All-Big East selection after playing in all 13 games. 2011: First-team All-Big East selection after playing in all 13 games. 2010: Played in all 12 games. 2009: Played in three games before being sidelined with an injury. High school: Three-year letterman in football along with track and field.	Very good leg strength to drive the ball. Experienced four-year starter. Handles kickoffs and served as the holder on PATs. Dedicated to his craft and the game is important to him. 
								Inconsistent hang time. Can improve placement and accuracy. Average athlete. Overly analytical and outthinks the game. Could stand to hone his mental toughness and learn to handle pressure.
							
2014	Bennie Fowler	2543612	WR	Michigan St.	2013: Played in 13 games with eight starts. Missed Purdue game due to a hamstring injury. Led team in receiving yards (622) and touchdowns (6). 2012: Played in all 13 games with seven starts. Led team in receiving yards with 524. 2011: Only played in five games due to foot injury. 2010: Appeared in all 13 games with one start. 2009: Redshirted with stress fracture in foot. 	Looks the part with excellent size. Shows the ability to track and adjust. Extends to snatch throws away from his body. Strong and productive after the catch. Good leaping ability. Flashes playmaking ability. Has special-teams experience. Untapped potential. 
								Needs to get functionally stronger and play with more physicality. Lacks elite top-end speed to separate vertically. Route running needs refinement. Average suddenness in and out of breaks. Lets some throws into his body and drops have been an issue. Intermittent intensity. Has underachiever traits -- motivation and work ethic should be examined. 
							
2014	Isaiah Lewis	2543613	SS	Michigan St.	2013: First-team All-Big Ten selection after playing in 13 games and making 12 starts. 2012: Honorable mention All-Big Ten pick after starting in all 13 games. 2011: Second-team All-Big Ten pick after starting all 14 games at strong safety. Tied for second in Big Ten with four interceptions. 2010: Played in all 13 games, primarily on special teams.	Motor runs hot -- supports the run aggressively and pursues urgently. Plays bigger than his size and throws his weight around -- pounces on ball carriers. Good zone awareness. Makes plays on the ball and has good hands to make athletic interceptions. Physical and competitive. Made secondary calls and is football smart. Has special-teams experience. Tough, durable three-year starter.
								Lacks ideal size and needs to get stronger. Can be a tick late to diagnose and lacks burst to recover. Average explosiveness, speed and range. Has man-coverage limitations -- struggles to keep up with speedy slot receivers. Lives and dies with aggressiveness -- fails to make tackles in space when he misses the kill shot or doesn?t arrive under control.
							
2014	Donte Moncrief	2543614	WR	Mississippi	2013: Started in all 13 games. 2012: Played in all 13 games and made 12 starts. 2011: Started all 12 games as a freshman. Led team in receptions (31), receiving yards (454), receiving touchdowns (4).	Terrific size. Smooth accelerator -- jets off the line, eliminates cushion and has speed to stretch the field vertically. Good balance and body control. Can stem his pattern and leverage defenders. Drives off cornerbacks and creates separation. Knows where the sticks are. Outstanding leaping ability to elevate and pluck throws out of the air. Flashes playmaking ability. Able to sidestep the first tackler and pick up chunk yards after the catch. Gives effort as a blocker to engage and seal. Has experience going head-to-head with NFL-caliber cornerbacks. Will be a 21-year-old rookie and has upside.
								Needs to sharpen his route running. Inconsistent ball reactions, particularly in traffic -- better running through or under passes. Does not always play to his size -- gets outmuscled for "50-50" balls and is still coming into his own as a dependable go-up-and-get-it guy. Average hand strength. Tends to trap some throws against his body and occasionally drops catchable balls. Could be more physical. Average elusiveness and open-field electricity. Showed he could be contained -- seven games of 60 yards or less as a junior.
							
2014	Henry Josey	2543615	RB	Missouri	Second player in school history with two 1,000-yard rushing seasons. 2013: Started in all 14 games. Named the Cotton Bowl's Offensive Player of the Game after rushing for 92 yards and scoring three touchdowns. 2012: Redshirted while recovering from knee injury suffered in 2011. Tore his ACL, patellar tendon, MCL and both the lateral and medial menisci. Josey required three operations from November of 2011 to May of 2012. 2011: First-team All-Big 12 pick, rushing for 1,168 yards and nine touchdowns before suffering a knee injury against Texas. 2010: Finished second on team with 437 rushing yards. 	Quick-footed and agile -- smooth handling. Nice one-cut ability and burst through the hole. Good long speed. Averaged 7.4 yards per carry his last two seasons. Did not fumble as a junior. Well-liked and highly respected by teammates and coaches. Exhibited mental toughness persevering through injury.
								Durability is a concern -- is small-framed and not built to withstand the constant pounding of the pro game. Limited run strength (not a pile mover). Exposes himself to some violent hits. Was used sparingly as a receiver and returner. Benefited from wide splits and light boxes.
							
2014	Marcus Lucas	2543616	WR	Missouri	2013: Started all 14 games. 2012: Played in all 12 games with six starts. Led the team in receptions (46) and receiving yards (509). 2011: Played in all 13 games with three starts. 2010: Played in 10 games as a true freshman.	Outstanding size and body length. Has good hands. Tough to enter traffic and catch on contact. Will do dirty work between the hashes. Has H-back potential. 
								Shows only one gear and struggles to pop out of breaks or separate with quickness. Long strider with build-up speed. Is not strong or creative after the catch and is easily corralled. 


							
2014	L'Damian Washington	2543617	WR	Missouri	2013: Led team in receiving yards (893, 10 more than Dorial Green-Beckham) after starting in all 14 games. 2012: Started all 12 games. 2011: Played in all 13 games. 2010: Played in 12 games and made one start. 2009: Redshirted. 	Very good body and arm length. Outstanding timed speed. Can threaten vertically and has explosive, big-play ability. Very competitive. Emotional leader driven to succeed. Very hard worker. Willing blocker.
								Classic body-catcher with small, skillet hands -- consistently smothers and traps the ball. Does not track the deep ball well and adjustments look unnatural. Very inconsistent hand placement. Has a very skinny build and plays small in the run game -- does not finish blocks. A bit straight-linish -- not elusive after the catch. Tends to build to speed. Does not show a good feel for zones. Disappears for stretches. Could stand to improve beating the jam. 
							
2014	Reggie Jordan	2543618	TE	Missouri Western	More than 30 percent of his receptions (17 of 52) went for touchdowns. 2013: Second-team All-MAIAA pick. 2012: Honorable mention All-MIAA selection after starting all 14 games. 2011: Played in 12 games and started in one. 2010: Played in four games. 2009: Redshirted.	Very good speed to threaten the seam. Flashes the ability to bury defenders as a blocker -- rides them off the screen and has shown the ability to dominate lesser competition. Can extend and pluck the ball outside his frame and create big plays.
								Not a polished route runner and runs very imprecise routes. Does not sink his hips, get in and out of breaks quickly or sell his routes to create separation. Marginal coverage recognition and feel for zones -- runs into coverage. Plays too upright and does not run strong after the catch. Timed speed does not translate to the field and is still learning how to convert his strength to the field. Has struggled to gain and maintain weight.
							
2014	Walt Powell	2543619	WR	Murray St.	Two-time first-team All-Ohio Valley Conference selection (2012-13). Led team in receiving yards in each of last three seasons. Brother, Brandon Williams, was a third-round pick of the San Francisco 49ers in 2006. 2013: Played in 10 games and made nine starts. 2012: Played in all 11 games and made 10 starts. Had a school-record six 100-yard games. 2011: Played in all 11 games with eight starts. Led the team with 584 receiving yards. 2010: Played in all 11 games.	Loose lower body. Good balance and short-area quickness. Slippery after the catch -- can elude the first tackler and dart to daylight. Shows confidence and a knack for finding creases as a returner -- four scores the last two seasons. Productive three-year starter. Smart and competitive. Two-time team captain with terrific intangibles -- cares about the game and works at his craft. 
								Has a thin build and short arms. Needs to get stronger -- ill-equipped to combat press coverage. Not an explosive, quick-twitch athlete. Average hands and foot speed. Route running needs refinement. Underpowered blocker. 
							
2014	Spencer Long	2543620	OG	Nebraska	Started in all 33 games played at Nebraska. 2013: Started the first six games at right guard before suffering a knee injury (MCL). 2012: Second-team All-American selection and first-team All-Big Ten pick. Started every game at right guard as Cornhuskers posted their best rushing average since 2002. 2011: Honorable mention All-Big Ten pick after starting every game at right guard. 2010: Did not appear in a game. 2009: Redshirted as a walk-on.	Solidly built with a good frame. Good leg drive -- can create a push in the run game and position-sustain. Solid in pass protection -- good anchor, shadow and mirror. Good base and balance -- controls and steers defenders. Flashes some nastiness. Intense, competitive battler. Smart and instinctive. Lunchpail worker will do a lot of extras and is very ambitious and driven to succeed. Excellent weight-room strength -- can squat a small house. Good versatility -- has played inside and outside.  Very tough and played much of final two seasons through knee injuries.
								Average athlete. Is tight-ankled and heavy-legged -- lumbers to the second level. Struggled with the quickness of Minnesota's Ra'shede Hageman (though he was noticeably playing through a knee injury that required surgery and forced him to miss the rest of the season after leaving the Minnesota game). Labors to cut off the inside rush. Struggles to adjust and pick off linebackers and is not efficient pulling and trapping. 
							
2014	Austin Franklin	2543621	WR	New Mexico St.	2013: Missed first four games of season due to academic issues. 2012: First-team All-WAC selection and a semifinalist for the Biletnikoff Award. 2011: Played in all 13 games and started two. 	Accelerates smoothly off the line and chews up ground with long strides. Sinks his hips and is sudden out of breaks to create separation. Slippery underneath. Quick, soft hands to catch off his frame. Catches in stride. Has springs to elevate and highpoint. Creates after the catch and turns short throws into long gains -- darts upfield quickly, dances past tacklers in space and shows long speed. Has experience covering kicks.
								Is lean and needs to bulk up. Lined up in the slot and was not required to defeat press coverage. Ran an abbreviated route tree and needs refinement in this area. Prone to concentration drops. Questionable in traffic. Limited physicality and run strength. Underpowered blocker. Reception numbers were inflated by bubble screens. Does not project as an impact kick returner. Did not face NFL-caliber cornerbacks.
							
2014	Russell Bodine	2543622	C	North Carolina	Started in 27 of 34 career games at North Carolina. 2013: Honorable mention All-ACC selection after starting all 13 games at center. Also played some snaps at guard. 2012: Started all 12 games at center. Helped UNC set school record in total points and points per game. 2011: Played in nine games and started two at center. 2010: Redshirted.	Carries a load in his punch and plays with vinegar. Can seal and turn defenders in the run game to create small creases. Plays with a mean streak and likes to finish blocks. Is aggressive working up to the second level and efficient cutting linebackers. Rugged competitor. Stout anchor in pass protection. Versatile and has seen action at center and guard.
								Stiff-bodied. Plays short-armed and overextends. Average agility. Is late to switch off blocks. Relies too much on his upper-body strength. Mechanics deteriorate the farther he is asked to travel. Slow to adjust to counter moves. 
							
2014	James Hurst	2543623	OT	North Carolina	Started in 49 of 50 career games played. Two-time first-team All-ACC pick (2012-13). 2013: Started all 13 games at left tackle. Matched up primarily against Jadaveon Clowney in season opener against South Carolina (Clowney: 0 sacks, 3 tackles). 2012: Started 11 games at left tackle. Missed Idaho game due to injury. 2011: Second-team All-ACC selection after starting all 13 games at left tackle. 2010: Played in all 13 games and started the final 12 at left tackle. 	Very good size. Smart and instinctive -- understands angles. Good leg drive as a run blocker -- is tough and aggressive. Competes hard and flashes some nastiness. Plays with a chip on his shoulder. Alert to see the blitz and feel stunts and switch off blocks. Experienced, four-year starter. Works hard and the game is very important to him.
								Average athletic ability and agility. Tends to lunge, bend at the waist and get overextended. Is heavy-footed and struggles to adjust to quick, inside counters. Gets jarred, knocked off balance and at times collapsed and lifted off the ground by power-leverage rushers. Tends to shoot his hands wide of his target in pass protection and will give up the edge. Is late to reach the second level and connect in space. Has a fast metabolism and some trouble maintaining weight.
							
2014	Jabari Price	2543624	CB	North Carolina	2013: Honorable mention All-ACC selection after starting all 13 games. 2012: Played and started in 11 games. 2011: Missed first four games of season due to a tendon tear in right hand. Played in eight games and made two starts. 2010: Played in 13 games and started the last four. 	Good speed and acceleration -- can turn and run deep. Competes in the air. Aggressive, productive tackler -- doesn?t hesitate to support the run. Has worked as a gunner on special teams. 
								Adequate size. Limited instincts and anticipation. Loses separation at the break point. Loses phase when his eyes get stuck in the backfield. Tends to clutch and grab. Dull plant-and-drive. Was not a playmaker -- recorded just two career INTs. Still has some maturing to do. 
							
2014	Bryn Renner	2543625	QB	North Carolina	2013: Started seven games, but underwent season-ending shoulder surgery on Nov. 6 to repair a detached labrum and fractured shoulder. 2012: Honorable mention All-ACC selection after starting 12 games. Set the school record for single-season total offense with 3,394 yards. Broke own single-season record with 28 TD passes. 2011: Started all 13 games. Set single-season school record with 26 TD passes in first season taking over for T.J. Yates. 2010: Played in three games. Also punted once, a 27-yarder that was fair caught inside the 20. 2009: Redshirted. 	Sets up with balance. Clean three-quarters release. Can throw with timing and anticipation short-to-intermediate. Understands ball placement -- tries to put throws where only his receivers can make a play. Flashes touch. Tough and competitive. Commands the huddle and shows good on-field demeanor. Three-year starter.
								Lacks ideal height. Arm strength is just functional -- struggles to drive velocity throws on a line. Does not push the ball downfield often and accuracy wanes when he does. Needs a clean pocket to have success -- flustered when his rhythm is broken. Could stand to quicken his eyes. Tends to lock on and force throws into traffic. Slow-footed (not a scramble threat). Lacks ideal intangibles -- judgment, intelligence and preparation should be checked out. 
							
2014	Brandon Dixon	2543626	CB	Northwest Missouri St.	2013: First-team Division II All-American selection and first-team All-MAIAA pick. Played in and started 14 games. Missed game against Emporia State. Held Jeff Janis of Saginaw Valley State to three receptions for 49 yards in 45-24 win while also returning a fumble 70 yards for a touchdown on a field goal attempt. 2012: Third-team Division II All-American and second-team All-MAIAA pick. Started all 13 games. 2011: At Joliet Junior College, was a first-team all-conference pick. 2010: At Joliet Junior College. Misc.: Played with his brother Brian Dixon at both Joliet Junior College and Northwest Missouri State. They were the starting corners at Northwest Missouri State.	Excellent size, musculature and body length. Nice balance and body control. Quick-footed to mirror off the line. Can flip his hips and run vertically. Good plant-and-drive quickness. Willing to step up and throw his weight around in run support. Has special-teams experience. Tough and durable. Competitive and motivated.
								Has small hands. Lacks elite explosion and top-end speed. Ordinary leaping ability and ball skills to contend with taller high fliers. Faulty diagnostic skills -- processes slowly and reacts more than he anticipates. Gets caught squatting and peeking. Inconsistent tackler. Poor football aptitude -- requires extra reps to grasp complicated assignments.
							
2014	George Atkinson	2543627	RB	Notre Dame	Father, George, was a defensive back in the NFL from 1968-1979 for the Oakland Raiders and Denver Broncos. Atkinson's twin brother, Josh, is currently on the Notre Dame team. Spent three seasons as the team's primary kick returner. Carried the ball 10-plus times only three times in college career. 2013: Played in 12 games and made four starts. 2012: Played in 12 games. 2011: Played in all 13 games. 	Outstanding timed speed -- has been clocked below 10.4 seconds in the 100 meters. Has kickoff-return experience and returned two for scores as a freshman. Can take it the distance when he gets in the clear. Has plenty of tread on his tires having carried just 153 times at Notre Dame. Has NFL bloodlines. 
								Has an upright, linear running style -- exposes himself to some violent hits. Does not convert speed to power. Gears down to cut. Struggles to create on his own. Limited elusiveness and tackle-breaking ability -- too often grounded by the first tackler or ankle tackles. Crude eyes and instincts. Head-scratching career production. Has underachiever traits. Competitiveness and coachability need to be looked into.
							
2014	Troy Niklas	2543628	TE	Notre Dame	2013: Started all 13 games and was a first-team All-Independent pick and a John Mackey Award semifinalist. 2012: Transitioned from outside linebacker to tight end during spring practice. Played in 13 games and started seven at tight end. 2011: Played in 12 games and started one at outside linebacker. Misc.: His uncle is Pro Football Hall of Famer Bruce Matthews. His nickname is Hercules.	Outstanding size with a well-proportioned, muscular build. Big target over the middle and in the red zone. Athletic with flexible hips and knees to run the full tight end route tree. Bursts into routes and stretches the seam. Good hands. Has playmaking ability. Lined up flexed and in-line. Good potential as a blocker. Bends his knees, shuffles and fans rushers wide. Works well in tandem and can combo block effectively. Takes care of his body and maintains low body fat. Has NFL bloodlines. 
								Work in progress as an in-line blocker -- lacks ideal base strength, grip strength and overall body power. Bends at the waist and falls off some blocks. Route running needs refinement. Is still learning to use his frame advantageously -- inconsistent traffic player. Lacks elite top-end speed. Average elusiveness and creativity after the catch. Could stand to play with more physicality and become a better finisher.
							
2014	Chris Watt	2543629	OG	Notre Dame	Started in 36 of 49 career games played. 2013: Started 10 of 10 games at left guard. 2012: Started all 13 games at left guard. 2011: Started all 13 games at left guard. 2010: Played in all 13 games as backup right guard. 2009: Redshirted.	Engages quickly and runs his feet on contact. Effective with an angle and can swing his hips in the hole. Generates movement in the run game and works to finish blocks. Good bend and balance -- plays on his feet. Sound fundamentals in pass protection. Strong, active hands to punch and control defenders. Can shuffle and slide. Good mobility. Works well in tandem. Smart and alert. Praised for his toughness and blue-collar work ethic. Three-year starter. 
								Lacks ideal arm length and does not have large hands. Needs more sand in his pants. Susceptible to bull rush when powerful tackles get into his frame. Average athlete. Inconsistent connecting with moving targets in space. Missed his final bowl game after suffering a knee injury.
							
2014	Corey Brown	2543630	WR	Ohio St.	Two-time second-team All-Big Ten pick (2012-13). Led Buckeyes in receptions and receiving yards in last two seasons. 2013: Played in all 14 games with 13 starts. Did not start against California. 2012: Played in all 12 games with 11 starts. 2011: Played in 12 of 13 games and made seven starts. 2010: Played in all 13 games. 2009: Redshirted.	Works himself open short-to-intermediate. Adjusts to throws. Quick enough to elude the initial tackler and pick up yards after the catch. Functional blocker. Lined up inside and outside and has punt-return experience.
								Has a lean build and relatively small hands. Needs to get stronger in order to combat the jam. Not an explosive athlete. Average initial quickness into routes. Lacks elite top-end speed to beat defenses vertically. Bland, unrefined route runner. Lets throws into his body. Inconsistent traffic player. Average production and playmaking.
							
2014	Corey Linsley	2543631	C	Ohio St.	Started in 26 of 42 career games played. 2013: First-team All-Big Ten selection after starting in all 14 games. 2012: Honorable mention All-Big Ten pick after moving to center, where he started all 12 games. 2011: Played 10 games as a reserve at multiple positions. 2010: Played in six games. 2009: Redshirted. Misc.: Benches more than 500 pounds.	Stout base. Works to re-anchor. Jolting punch. Strong upper body to latch onto and control defenders in short area. Generates movement in the run game. Understands angles and positioning. Excellent weight-room strength -- bench-presses 500 pounds and squats a small house. Smart and dependable. Communicated all the line calls and checks. Is tough and will play hurt. Hardworking team captain with leadership traits.
								Has short arms. More strong than explosive -- doesn?t roll his hips and blow nose tackles off the ball. Falls off blocks when he bends at the waist. Pedestrian foot athlete -- slow to cut off linebackers, labors to pull and lacks lateral quickness to recover when beaten. Stressed by quicker rushers.
							
2014	Trey Millard	2543632	FB	Oklahoma	Three-time first-team All-Big 12 selection (2011-13). Was Sooners' primary fullback for four seasons. 2013: Played in eight games, started in five, but season was cut short after suffering an ACL injury. 2012: Started in eight of 13 games. Had a career-high 30 receptions. 2011: Had 37 touches and scored three touchdowns. 2010: Second-team All-Big 12 pick. Misc.: Is an accomplished writer who has had poems published.	Outstanding size. Hits with some thump and is an efficient lead blocker. Nice run skills -- shows vision, patience and subtle moves to avoid direct contact. Soft hands. Adjusts well to the ball and possesses better body control and agility than a traditional iso-lead blocking fullback. Blue-collar worker. Leads by example. Quietly competitive. Determined short-yardage runner capable of finding a crease and slamming through the line. Has a special-teams temperament (has delivered knockout shots). Solid all-around production. Versatile, lines up all over the field (fullback, tailback, in the slot) and does everything well (can run, block, catch and cover kicks). Very intelligent and football smart. 
								Limited burst, change of direction and short-area explosion -- one-speed runner with no gear change. Average power and tackle-breaking ability. Shows some tightness as a route runner. Not a true hammer as a lead blocker and does not jolt defenders on contact. Might not be 100 percent as a rookie following ACL surgery.
							
2014	Damien Williams	2543633	RB	Oklahoma	2013: Played in nine games and made one start. Was suspended for Kansas State game for a violation of team rules, and then was removed from the team for final two games. 2012: Second-team All-Big 12 selection after playing in all 13 games and making nine starts in first season with Sooners. 2011: First-team NJCAA All-American pick while playing for Arizona Western Junior College. 2010: Played at Arizona Western Junior College. 	Layered with muscle and looks the part. Is quick-footed -- can sidestep the first tackler and run through some arm tackles. Very good hands. Fine balance and body control. Catches the ball cleanly outside his frame and is nifty-footed to juke linebackers in the open field after the catch, displaying some creativity.
								Very average vision and feel to anticipate creases. Runs with blinders and misses holes. Not explosive to and through the hole. Lacks strength, power and drive to run inside and grind out tough yardage. Overwhelmed in pass protection -- needs to learn how to sit to anchor and use his hands. Still has some JUCO habits and could learn to compete more consistently.
							
2014	Josh Stewart	2543634	WR	Oklahoma St.	Relocated to Dallas suburb after Hurricane Katrina devastated New Orleans. Lost both of his parents and older brother to tragic events before age 6. 2013: Second-team All-Big 12 selection at wide receiver. Played in 12 gamse and started 10. Led Oklahoma State in receptions (60). 2012: Honorable mention All-Big 12 pick after playing in 13 games and starting 10. Led OSU in receptions (101), receiving yards (1,210) and touchdowns (7). 2011: Played in all 13 games, but did not start.	Good balance and body control. Runs routes with tempo and gear change to create separation. Nice stop-and-start quickness in short area. Flexible lower half to get in and out of breaks cleanly and execute speed outs and double moves. Shifty and slippery. Tracks and adjusts to throws very well. Quick hands. Attacks throws in the air. Experienced working from the slot. Can flip field position as a punt returner -- makes one move to elude the first wave and runs to daylight. Confident and mentally tough. Pleasing, coachable and well-liked. 
								Size is just adequate -- lacks ideal height. Needs to bulk up and get stronger. Struggles to get off the jam and can be rerouted by more physical defensive backs. Lacks elite top-end speed to separate vertically. Ran an abbreviated route tree. Limited run strength. Underpowered blocker. Ordinary playmaking ability -- averaged less than 12 yards per catch from 2012-13. Production decreased as a junior.
							
2014	Boseko Lokombo	2543635	OLB	Oregon	Scored four defensive touchdowns in 2010 and 2011 (two interception return, one fumble return and one blocked punt return). 2013: Played in 13 games and started 11. 2012: Played in 13 games and started 12. 2011: Played in 14 games, but did not start. 2010: Played in 13 games, but did not start. 2009: Redshirted. Misc.: Born in the Congo, then moved to Montreal in 1996. Chosen in 2012 with the 21st overall pick (third round) in the 2013 Canadian Football League Draft by British Columbia. Nicknamed "Bo".	Flexible, loose-hipped athlete with fluid movement skills. Good closing speed. Is agile and athletic enough to match up with tight ends, backs and even some slot receivers. Can buzz the flat and deter throws with closing speed. Shows good zone awareness moving forward and will deliver some jarring hits to intimidate crossers. Solid press-cover skills. Times the blitz well. Has all the athletic tools to become a solid special-teams contributor. 
								Just a two-year starter and instincts are still developing -- does not trigger quickly to what he sees and could take some time to assimilate a complex playbook. Lacks throwback linebacker toughness and functional playing strength. Often gets locked down once blockers get their hands on him. Can do a better job shedding blocks. Plays a bit recklessly and could do a better job wrapping up as a tackler. Was not an impactful special-teams performer.
							
2014	Colt Lyerla	2543636	TE	Oregon	2013: Played and started three games. Left team and withdrew from school due to personal reasons. 2012: Honorable Mention All-Pac 12. Played in 13 games, started nine. Led Pac-12 tight ends in yards per catch (15.7). 2011: Played 12 games, did not start. High School: No. 4 OLB nationally by scout.com. All-State in Oregon at running back and Second Team All-State at LB in senior year. All-State at both RB and LB as junior. Broke vertical leap and broad jump record at 2010 National Underclassman combine with 40-inch vertical and 10-10 broad jump. Misc: Arrested on cocaine-possession charges in October 2013 and eventually pleaded guilty. Suspended for one game in 2013 for a violation of team rules, then missed another game because of missing practices due to being ill. Then left the team due to personal reasons.	Good athlete. Fluid route runner. Very good body control. Adjusts easily to the ball. Can create in the open field with very good run skills. Natural hands. Good catching radius. Functional blocker with enough playing strength to sustain. Highly competitive and determined to prove critics wrong. Is smart and hardworking.
								Lacks ideal bulk strength to block in-line. Overly emotional and prone to outbursts following a dysfunctional childhood that offered little direction and much confusion related to a divorce. Not a disciplined team player. Off-the-field issues linger. Drops were too consistent (see West Virginia). 
							
2014	Terrance Mitchell	2543637	CB	Oregon	2013: Started all 13 games and led team with five interceptions. Ejected from game for "Targeting" a sliding quarterback against Nicholls State. 2012: Started all 13 games. 2011: Played in 14 games and started 12. Had a forced fumble in Rose Bowl win over Wisconsin. 2010: Redshirted. 	Good size and length with a well-proportioned body. Quick-footed pedal. Shows read-and-react skills and nice anticipation to break on throws. Good hand-eye coordination. Gambler?s mentality that enables him to make plays. High school skill-position traits show after he intercepts. Aggressive and competitive. Three-year starter. 
								Is lean and functionally weak -- lacks press strength to impede receivers off the line. Tight-hipped. Gets wired on blocks outside. Needs to clean up his pedal. Inefficient plant-and-drive -- average balance and body control through transition. Falls out of the hip pocket and loses phase downfield. Lacks elite top-end speed and recovery burst -- needs help on explosive receivers. Average physicality and tackling ability. Tends to clutch and grab and draw flags.
							
2014	De'Anthony Thomas	2543638	RB	Oregon	2013: Played in 10 games with five starts. Missed Colorado, Washington and Washington State games with an ankle injury suffered on the opening kickoff against California. 2012: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection after playing in all 13 games and making eight starts. 2011: Pac-12 Co-Offensive Freshman of the Year (Marqise Lee) and first-team All-Pac-12 selection as return specialist. Appeared in all 14 games, making six starts. Only player in nation with 400 yards rushing, receiving and kick returning. Scored two touchdowns in Rose Bowl win over Wisconsin. High school: Ranked No. 1 football athlete in country by Rivals and ESPN. Helped lead Crenshaw High School to 12 consecutive wins to end the season, including the CIF Los Angeles Section state title in 2010. Also a track star, he ran the fastest 200 meters by a prep in the nation in spring of 2010, clocking 20.61 seconds. Won the 100 meters at the CIF Los Angeles Section meet with a time of 10.57 seconds. Had a personal best 50.10 seconds in the 400 meters.	Has legit big-time sprinter's speed with very quick turnover (and is field-fast). Cat-quick to the corner, accelerates very quickly and can easily take the perimter. Good vision and cutback ability -- is patient and follows his blocks. Can tightrope-walk the sideline. Very quick to and through the hole once he sees a crease and can stick his foot in the dirt and go. Catches in stride with ease and can make difficult one-handed snags (see Arizona). Has home-run speed in the return game, with 3 career return TDs.
								Very small. Does not play in a conventional-style offense and takes most carries moving laterally. Goes down too easily and looks for a soft landing spot. Lacks the size, strength and toughness to be an every-down back. Alligator-arms the ball in the middle of the field. Needs to learn to appreciate the preparation process and would benefit from working more at his craft.
							
2014	Scott Crichton	2543639	DE	Oregon St.	2013: Second-team All-Pac-12 selection after starting all 13 games. 2012: First-team All-Pac-12 pick after playing in 13 games, starting 12 and leading the team with 17.5 tackles for loss and nine sacks. 2011: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick after playing in and starting 12 games. Was named Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Week for performance against Washington (2 tackles for loss, 1 sack, 2 forced fumbles). Set an OSU single-season record with six forced fumbles. 2010: Redshirted.	Put together -- has a well-proportioned, muscular build with long arms and big hands. Good burst off the snap. Flashes power. Can shoot his hands, extend and get under a tackle?s pads. Generally plays on his feet. Nice closing speed when he has a bead. Strong tackler. Tries for the strip (10 career FFs). Productive three-year starter. 
								Needs to play with lower pad level -- tends to rush upright and defend too tall against the run. Dominated by double teams. Needs to cultivate pass-rush moves and counters -- does not have a plan. Shows overall body stiffness -- struggles to dip and bend the corner with leverage or flexibility. Gets sucked inside and loses contain. Loafs on the back side. Has tweener traits -- lacks ideal athleticism for the right side and bulk for the left side. Inexperienced playing in reverse. 
							
2014	Tom Savage	2543640	QB	Pittsburgh	Sat out two seasons due to NCAA transfer rules. 2013: Started all 13 games for Pittsburgh. Left Little Caesars Pizza Bowl against Bowling Green with a rib injury. Threw just three interceptions in final nine games. 2012: Transferred to Pittsburgh prior to 2011 season. Did not play due to NCAA rules. Did not feel new Arizona coach Rich Rodriguez played a style of football to fit his game. Wanted to enroll at Rutgers again but hardship waiver to play immediately was denied. 2011: Transferred to Arizona prior to 2011 season, but did not play due to NCAA rules. 2010: Played in six games and made four starts for Rutgers. Ineffective early in the season before suffering a hand injury. 2009: Played in 12 games and made 11 starts as a true freshman. Was named the Scarlet Knights' Most Valuable Offensive Player after having the most passing yards (2,211) and touchdowns (14) by a true freshman quarterback in Big East history.	Terrific size. Sets with balance. Easy, compact, high three-quarters release. Spins a catchable ball. Excellent arm strength to complete NFL throws -- capable of sticking outs from the deep hash or launching balls 60 yards on the money. Experience in pro-style offense. Smart and hardworking. Solid personal and football character. Has tools to work with. Team captain.
								Needs to speed up his clock and show better awareness in the pocket. Needs to quicken his eyes, expand his field vision and learn to manipulate safeties. Tends to stare down his target. Forces some throws into traffic. Erratic accuracy. Slow of foot -- not a scramble threat. Can improve play-action fake. Had some duds -- struggled against Florida State, Virginia and Virginia Tech. Mental toughness needs to be looked into.
							
2014	Devin Street	2543641	WR	Pittsburgh	Two-time second-team All-Big East selection (2012-13). Is all-time leader for receptions at Pittsburgh with 202. 2013: Played and started 10 games. 2012: Started all 13 games. 2011: Started all 13 games. 2010: Played in all 13 games with four starts. 2009: Redshirted. 	Has excellent length and room for added bulk. Chews up ground with long strides. Is a big target underneath with a sizable catch radius. Shows natural receiving skills to track, concentrate and adjust. Soft, dependable hands to extend and pull in a throw off his body. Uses his big frame to post up defensive backs. Nice field awareness. Lined up outside and inside. Solid personal and football character. Productive, 40-game starter. Team captain.
								Has a thin build and could stand to pack on body armor -- durability could be an issue. Needs to get stronger, particularly to improve his release vs. the jam. Builds to speed and is not a threat to take the top off. Leggy and fairly straight-linish -- does not pop out of breaks or separate with quickness. Inconsistent route runner. Not aggressive or physical as a blocker. Can be more cognizant of ball security -- carries loosely and swings the ball away from his body. Limited special-teams utility.
							
2014	Brandon Coleman	2543642	WR	Rutgers	2013: Started all 13 games. 2012: Second-team All-Big East selection after playing in all 13 games and starting nine. 2011: Played in all 13 games and started five. 2010: Redshirted.	Outstanding size and body length -- presents a big target. Long arms enable him to slap away and swim off the jam. Covers ground with long strides. Tracks over his shoulder. Can post up smaller defensive backs. Has playmaking ability -- averaged nearly 22 yards per catch and scored on one out of every five catches over three seasons. Has sheer size to shield as a blocker. Team captain.
								Not an elite athlete. Has some buildup -- does not accelerate off the jam. Lacks big-time, explosive speed to blow by cornerbacks. Route running needs refinement. Not a confident hands catcher -- lets throws into his body and drops balls he shouldn?t. Shows some stiffness through his torso and is linear after the catch -- gears down to cut and elusiveness is limited. Marginal special-teams utility.
							
2014	Nat Berhe	2543643	SS	San Diego St.	2013: First-team All-Mountain West pick after leading his team in tackles (99). 2012: Second-team All-Mountain West selection after starting all 13 games and leading his team in tackles (94). 2011: Honorable mention All-Mountain West pick after starting all 13 games. 2010: Played in 12 games and started two. 2009: Redshirted.	Very good instincts -- has a nose for the ball. Reads and reacts quickly. Very active with great on-field energy and pursuit effort. Outstanding motor. Plays fast. Good balance and body control. Smooth pedal. Can man up tight ends and keep pace. Good ball reactions. Does a good job disguising coverages and selling the blitz -- baited Derek Carr into some bad and rushed throws. Tough competitor. Plays with confidence. Aggressive tackler. Sacrifices his body and sells out around piles. Flashes explosive striking ability. Lives and breathes football. Very likeable personality. Secondarly leader. Outstanding intangibles. Experienced, four-year starter. 
								Cornerback size with short arms and small hands. Has a light frame with limited weight potential and could stand to get stronger. Plays a bit out of control and will miss some tackles in the open-field. Takes some bad angles. Leaks yards when he comes in high and has to grab and drag instead of driving through the ball carrier. Average production on the ball. Limited special-teams experience.
							
2014	Adam Muema	2543644	RB	San Diego St.	Led the Mountain West Conference with 31 rushing touchdowns the last two seasons. Is one of four running backs in San Diego State history with consecutive 1,000-yard seasons. 2013: Honorable mention All-MWC pick after finishing season wiht 1,244 rushing yards. 2012: Second-team All-MWC pick after finishing season with 1,458 rushing yards. Highest per-carry average to lead the team in rushing yards since 1992, when Marshall Faulk averaged an identical 6.15 yards per rush. 2011: Played in six games. 2010: Redshirted. Misc.: Suffered an accident in 2010, in which he was hit in the face with a baseball bat while defending a friend's parent at a party. Suffered an orbital bone fracture and required 36 stitches.	Has a strong, compact build. Good vision, quickness, agility and short-area burst -- makes subtle moves and can sort his way through tight spaces, find small creases and make the first tackler miss. Sets up runs and has good lower-body power to kick through arm tackles. Runs hard with a low center of gravity and does not go down easy. Good receiving skills and open-field running vision to create after the catch. Outstanding production.
								Average size. Lacks bellcow power and run strength ideally suited to carry a full workload. Likes to bounce a lot and press the edges. Will need more technique work in pass protection. Did not regularly face top competition and will be more challenged by the speed of the NFL game.
							
2014	Howard Jones	2543645	DE	Shepherd	Set an all-time school sack record with 35. 2013: First-team All-Mountain East Conference selection after starting in all 12 games and helping lead team to undefeated regular season and 11-1 record overall; lost to West Chester in the Division II quarterfinals. 2012: Started all 11 games. 2011: Started all 11 games. 2010: Played in 13 of 14 games and made 12 starts. 	Muscular build with long arms. Intriguing athleticism. Outstanding straight-line speed and leaping ability. Explosive edge burst. Displays good balance, body control and agility as a rusher. Dips inside suddenly. Closes fast and shows striking ability. Flashes power potential. Has special-teams experience. Durable four-year starter. 
								Is undersized and vulnerable at the point of attack. Does not set a hard edge. Hand use and pass-rush technique need to be coached up. Tight hips exposed in space -- struggles to change direction efficiently or break down to secure 1-on-1 tackles (inconsistent in this area). Tight hips. Green eyes and instincts -- does not exhibit a feel for blocking schemes and struggles to locate the ball. Football intelligence is lacking -- will require simple assignments.
							
2014	Bruce Ellington	2543646	WR	South Carolina	Also started as a point guard for the South Carolina basketball team. 2013: Played in all 13 games and started 11. Had six catches for 140 yards and two touchdowns in bowl game against Wisconsin. 2012: Started all 13 games. 2011: Played in 13 games and started in two. Played mostly in the Wildcat formation. 2010: Did not play football. Was starting point guard for basketball team, averaging 12.8 points per game. High school: Won state championship as quarterback in 2009. Misc.: Cousin of Arizona Cardinals running back Andre Ellington.	Bursts off the line -- eliminates cushion and threatens vertically. Field-fast -- accelerates in a hurry and turns over a fluid stride. Highly athletic. Excellent balance and agility. Gets in and out of cuts quickly. Good hands. Can turn a short throw into a long gain. Is not afraid to work the middle and take a hit to make a play. Tough and competitive. Has traits to be considered as a kick returner. Highly respected with special intangibles -- leads by example and is smart, determined and hardworking.
								Is short and small-framed -- durability could be an issue. Could stand to become a more nuanced route runner. Can be outmuscled in a crowd -- not a go-up-and-get-it guy. Limited run strength. Underpowered blocker. Too often was a non-factor -- was held to one catch or less in five games as a junior. Was not a home-run hitter in the return game. Split his time with basketball.
							
2014	Victor Hampton	2543647	CB	South Carolina	2013: Played in 13 games, started 10. Second Team ALL-SEC. Also returned punts. Did not start Capital One Bowl due to violation of team rules. 2012: Played all 13 games, started 12. 2011: Played 10 games, started none. Played as CB and kick returner. Team-best 25.4-average KO return. 2010: Redshirted. High School: Played only six games in senior season due to eligibility issues following a transfer. All-State as senior. No. 47 CB in nation (Scout). Misc: Dismissed from South Carolina in 2011 for violation of team rules but was reinstated five days later.	Outstanding size and very good movement skill for a big corner. Plays with a chip on his shoulder and carries a swagger. Is an aggressive tackler and physical hitter. Supports the run well. Reads the quarterback and jumps routes. Good transitional quickness for his size. Drives hard on the ball. Good anticipation and ball skills. Solid tackler. Offers safety-cornerback versatility. 
								Character will require careful evaluation -- has been troubled by a number of off-field issues dating back to high school, when he attended four different schools. Has had issues with anger management, emotional outbursts and team suspensions. Could be susceptible to unsportsmanlike conduct penalties given tendency to talk and taunt. Can do a better job using his hands to reroute receivers in press coverage. Weight has ballooned as high as 215. 
							
2014	Kelcy Quarles	2543648	DT	South Carolina	2013: First-team All-American pick and first-team All-SEC selection. 2012: Played in and started 11 games. Missed two games due to a shoulder injury. 2011: Played in 11 games and started six. 2010: Attended Fork Union Military Academy. 	Good size and initial quickness. Long arms and strong upper body -- can press and extend to create operating space. Flashes the ability to walk guards back. Is fairly light on his feet and shows nice closing burst to the quarterback. Good pursuit effort when his battery is charged. Heavy tackler. Excellent sack production, particularly for an interior defender -- 9.5 sacks ranked second nationally among defensive tackles.
								Gets upright off the snap. Lets his pads rise and gets controlled or washed. Chewed up by double teams. Does not generate powerful hand violence. Could stand to get in better shape and improve his stamina. Production was inflated -- had plays flushed to him, benefiting from attention paid to Jadeveon Clowney.
							
2014	Connor Shaw	2543649	QB	South Carolina	Posted a 27-5 record as a starter. 2013: Finished season with 24 touchdown passes and one interception. Missed spring practice due to left foot surgery. Played in all 13 games with 12 starts. Did not start against Missouri, but did play after spraining both his MCL and LCL in prior game vs. Tennessee. 2012: Started in 11 of 13 games. Missed East Carolina game with right shoulder injury. Missed Clemson game with foot injury. Completed a school-record 67.5 percent of his passes. 2011: Played in 10 games with nine starts. Did not start vs. Vanderbilt. 2010: Graduated high school early to enroll at South Carolina in the spring. Played in nine games.	Fine touch and accuracy. Very good mobility and movement in the pocket. Tough and gritty competitor. Produced a rare 24-1 TD-INT ratio as a senior and cut down on mental mistakes that characterized his play earlier in his career. Workaholic, gym rat. Extremely determined. Vocal presence. Smart and instinctive -- is the son of a coach and understands football concepts. Plays through pain. Has a 27-5 career starting record, has rallied his team to victory off the bench and carries a calm, confident, poised field presence. Mentally and physically tough. Three-year starter in the SEC.
								Is undersized and injury-prone with multiple foot and shoulder injuries. Played in a non-traditional, gimmicky offense featuring many simple reads and has a tendency to birddog his primary target. Operated heavily out of the shotgun and mechanics will require seasoning. Average arm strength -- does not generate velocity on the move and comes up short on the deep ball. Can be too jittery vs. pressure and quick to tuck and run. 
							
2014	Aaron  Lynch	2543650	DE	South Florida	2013: First-team All-AAC selection after playing in 12 games and making 10 starts. 2012: Redshirted due to transfer from Notre Dame. 2011: Played 12 games and started five at Notre Dame as a true freshman. 	Outstanding size and body length. Flashes some playmaking ability. Deceptive strength to leverage the edge. Has a giant wingspan and can corral ballcarriers.
								Classic underachiever. Questionable effort, motor and desire. Leaves production on the field. Does not play with passion and lacks urgency. Goes through the motions. Is not a strong or creative rusher and does not create plays. Lacks concentration and focus. Will require maintenance. 
							
2014	Tevin Mims	2543651	DE	South Florida	Had shoulder surgery before senior year in high school (2008) and that shoulder injury bothered him in 2010, which led to a redshirt. Played at Texas in 2009, then at Navarro Junior College in 2011 after reshirting in 2010. 2013: Played in 10 games, but missed two games due to an ankle injury. 2012: Played in and started 11 games. 2011: Played at Navarro Junior College. 2010: Redshirted. 2009: Played in four games, but no starts, at Texas. 	Flashes upfield quickness. Uses his arms to create room to work. Good closing speed. Gives effort in pursuit, chases plays from behind and tries to deliver a blow when he arrives. Is tough and will play hurt.
								Average eyes and instincts -- see-and-go reactor. Inconsistent, often delayed get-off. Needs to play with better leverage -- exposes his frame off the snap and gets overpowered against the run. Does not use his hands violently. Vanilla pass rusher. Marginal sack production. Motivation and work ethic should be looked into.
							
2014	Todd Washington	2543652	CB	Southeastern Louisiana	Two-time honorable mention All-Southland selection (2012-13). Transferred from Memphis to Southeastern Louisiana following 2010 season. 2013: Played and started the first eight games. Suffered from turf toe and missed the last six games. 2012: Played in 12 games and started 11. 2011: Played in eight games and started seven. 2010: Played in nine games and started six at Memphis. 	Good size. Experienced in press and off-man coverage and has slot experience. Good route recognition to shadow and mirror and ride the hip pocket. Secure open-field tackler. Nice football intelligence. Serves as a jammer on special teams. 
								Has short arms and small hands. Average athlete. Limited weight-room strength. Can do a better job fending off blocks. Can be overaggressive jumping routes in front of him. Could stand to improve eye discipline -- too easily manipulated and could improve positioning. Inconsistent technique. Does not carry a lot of swagger and is not a ballhawk.
							
2014	Khyri Thornton	2543653	DT	Southern Miss	2013: Second-team All-Conference USA pick after playing in and starting 11 of 12 games. Missed final game of season due to a leg injury. 2012: Played in all 12 games and made 10 starts. 2011: Played in all 14 games and made seven starts. 2010: Made Conference USA All-Freshman Team after playing in all 13 games. 2009: Redshirted.	Flashes shock in his hands. Solid anchor strength. Versatile and lines up all along the front. Flashes speed and short-area burst to flatten down the line and close to the ball. Three-year starter.  
								Has short arms and small hands. Could do a better job working off blocks, creating separation and protecting his legs. Tends to wear down and tire late in games and effort wanes. Needs to develop more pass-rush moves -- stays blocked too long. Relies too much on his upper-body strength. Can be late to locate the ball and needs to do a better job of feeling blocking pressure and anticipating. Misses a lot of tackles. Minimal sack production.
							
2014	Cameron Fleming	2543654	OT	Stanford	Two-time honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick (2011-12) and second-team All-Pac-12 pick in 2013. 2013: Started all 14 games at right tackle. Helped Stanford rush for school-record 2,904 yards. 2012: Started 14 games at right tackle. Helped Stepfan Taylor rush for 1,530 yards (the second most in school history). 2011: Started 11 games, but missed two due to an ankle injury. Offensive line allowed seventh-fewest sacks per game in FBS, and also helped protect Andrew Luck while he threw for a Stanford-record 37 touchdowns. 2010: Redshirted. Misc.: Majoring in aeronautics and astronautics.	Big body. Strong hands. Can down block and generate movement in the run game. Agile enough to run out of his kick-slide and push rushers wide. Shows alertness and reactions to combo block and pass off stunts. Three-year starter in a pro-style offense. Very intelligent.
								Thick, tight hips. Needs to improve footwork. Can be impatient in pass protection. Tends to bend at the waist. Could be stressed by quicker rushers. Average sustain. Does not generate power through his core. Balance and coordination wanes on the second level -- struggles connecting with moving targets. Does not consistently block through the whistle and could become a better, nastier finisher. 
							
2014	Tyler Gaffney	2543655	RB	Stanford	2013: Second-team All-Pac-12 pick and Doak Walker Award semifinalist after finishing fifth in FBS with 21 rushing touchdowns -- the third-most in school history. 2012: Left the team to pursue professional baseball career with the Pittsburgh Pirates. Batted .297 with the State College Spikes, a Single-A league team. 2011: Appeared in 13 games. 2010: Appeared in 10 of 13 games after missing three with an injury. 2009: Appeared in 12 games. Misc.: Three-year starting outfielder at Stanford, batting .301 with 132 runs and 76 RBIs.	Excellent size. Effective inside runner. Nice vision and patience. Runs behind his pads -- churns his legs through contact and fights for extra yards. Good hands as a receiver out of the backfield. Highly competitive. Tough and durable. Well-conditioned athlete -- showed he could handle a heavy workload after a year away from the gridiron (averaged 24 carries per game).
								Tight-hipped and straight-linish. Limited twitch and wiggle. Gears down to cut. Average quickness to and through the hole. Runs duck-footed and lacks breakaway speed -- tracked down from behind. Has split his time and training between two sports. 
							
2014	Ed Reynolds	2543656	FS	Stanford	Two-time first-team All-Pac-12 pick (2012-13). 2013: Played in all 14 games and started 13. 2012: Third-team All-American selection after leading team wiht six interceptions, including a school-record three interceptions returned for touchdowns. Those six pick were the most by a Stanford player since 1973 (Jim Kaffen, 7). His 301 interception return yards was 1 yard short of NCAA record set by USC's Charles Phillips in 1974 (302). 2011: Redshirted due to knee injury in spring practice. 2010: Played in seven games, but did not start. Misc.: Father, Ed, played for the New England Patriots (1983-1991) and New York Giants (1992).	Good size to contend with tight ends. Reads the quarterback and displays good instincts and anticipation. Has ballhawking skills -- 6 INTs and 3 TDs as a junior. Functional range off the hash. Wrap tackler. Has NFL bloodlines.
								Very average speed, twitch and flexibility. Unsudden change of direction. Lacks burst to close suddenly or recover when beat. Occasionally loses field leverage and takes some inaccurate angles. Leaks yards after contact. Misses too many tackles in the open field and can be run over (see Utah). Eyes get stuck on the quarterback, leaving him vulnerable to manipulation. Limited experience in man coverage.
							
2014	David Yankey	2543657	OG	Stanford	Started in each of the 42 games played at Stanford. Two-time first-team All-Pac-12 pick (2012-13). 2013: First-team All-American selection after starting 13 games at left guard. Helped Stanford rush for school-record 2,904 yards. 2012: Second-team All-American selection after starting all 14 games at left tackle. Played four of five offensive line positions, as well as tight end and wing. Allowed just one sack. Replaced Jonathan Martin at left tackle. Helped Stepfan Taylor rush for 1,530 yards (the second most in school history). 2011: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick after starting 13 games at left guard. Helped protect Andrew Luck while he threw for Stanford-record 37 touchdowns. 2010: Played in two games before suffering a season-ending injury. 	Very good size -- has sheer mass to lean, wall off or cover up defenders. Solid base in pass protection -- gets his hands on rushers, anchors and slides to fan pressure. Effective short puller. Durable three-year starter. Has played guard and tackle. Smart and dependable. Team captain.
								Average hip snap -- does not roll off the ball and overpower defenders. Stiff, lumbering movement. Needs to improve contact balance, particularly on the move -- tends to get out over his skis and slip off blocks. Could struggle to corral quicker interior defenders -- lacks ideal athleticism, lateral suddenness and recovery ability. 
							
2014	Jerome Smith	2543658	RB	Syracuse	2013: Third-team All-ACC pick after starting all 13 games. 2012: Played in all 13 games with 12 starts. 2011: Played in all 12 games with no starts. 2010: Played in two games before suffering a shoulder injury and received a redshirt.	Compact, muscular build. Functional vision and strength to pound between the tackles. Runs hard and finishes runs. Nice short-area burst. Enough lateral agility to slide away from penetration and bounce. Good leaping ability. Solid personal and football character. Tough and hardworking.
								Average initial quickness. Pedestrian foot speed -- pounds the ground and gets tracked down from behind. Tight hips. Gears down to cut. Limited elusiveness. Cannot create his own yardage. Used sparingly as a receiver -- just 17 career receptions. Pass-protection technique needs work. Contained by average defenses. 
							
2014	A.C. Leonard	2543659	TE	Tennessee St.	2013: Second-team FCS All-American selection and second-team All-OVC pick after playing in 12 games and making six starts. 2012: Second-team FCS All-American pick and first-team All-OVC selection after playing in 10 games and starting eight. Was arrested in February of 2012 for misdemeanor battery after altercation with live-in girlfriend. Was also cited in May of 2012 for driving with a suspended license. 2011: Played in nine games and started four at Florida. 	Releases quickly into routes. Relatively loose athlete with nice balance. Good speed to stretch the seam and separate on crossers. Soft hands -- can extend to catch off his frame. Shakes tacklers and creates yards after the catch. Flashes mismatch and playmaking ability. Lined up all over.
								Marginal size, bulk and strength to block in-line. Will be overpowered by NFL defensive ends -- struggles to sustain, lets defenders cross his face and is not a finisher. Could stand to sharpen his route running and field awareness. Swings the ball loosely away from his body and fumbled three times in 2013. Marginal competition. Character, maturity and stability need to be investigated. 
							
2014	Jackson Jeffcoat	2543660	DE	Texas	2013: First-team All-American selection, Co-Big 12 Conference Defensive Player of the Year and Ted Hendricks Award winner. Was only FBS defensive lineman to lead his team in tackles. 2012: Started first six games before season-ending right pectoral injury vs. Oklahoma. 2011: Second-team All-Big 12 pick after playing in all 13 games with 12 starts. 2010: Played in eight games with two starts. Missed four games due to an ankle injury. Misc.: Son of former Dallas Cowboys defensive end Jim Jeffcoat, who won two Super Bowls with Dallas.	Good body length. Flashes some quickness and shock in his hands to swat and control blockers. Football smart. Solid instincts and overall sack production. Has NFL pedigree. 
								Very underdeveloped lower body and tight-hipped. Has been slowed by injuries throughout his career and it has affected his physical development. Lacks the base strength to set the edge. Gets rooted out of the hole vs. the double team. Cannot drop his hips and turn the corner. Very inconsistent effort -- average competitiveness and desire.


							
2014	Chris Whaley	2543661	DT	Texas	2013: Played and started nine games before suffering season-ending knee injury. Became first defensive lineman in Texas history to have two defensive touchdowns in one season. 2012: Played in all 13 games and started nine. 2011: Played in all 13 games and started one. 2010: Played in all 12 games but did not start. 2009: Redshirted.	Good size-speed ratio and overall athletic ability. Is fairly athletic and light on his feet to slant, stunt and shoot gaps. Flashes disruptive ability behind the line of scrimmage. Hardworking.
								Marginal processing speed and reactive quickness -- guesses too much and is late to find the ball. Not stout -- is too easily rooted out of holes. Very green hand use -- has no plan. Lacks functional playing strength to handle the double team. Inconsistent effort. Gets pinballed too easily. Modest production. 
							
2014	Kerry Hyder	2543662	DT	Texas Tech	Two-time second-team All-Big 12 pick (2012-13). 2013: Started all 13 games and led team in tackles for loss with 11.5. 2012: Started all 13 games. 2011: Started all 12 games. 2010: Played in 11 games and started three. 2009: Redshirted. 	Thick through his trunk. Stout against the run -- drops his base and holds his ground. Excellent hand use -- shoots his hands and jolts defenders. Strong, active paws to disengage. Gives effort in pursuit. Strong wrap tackler. Competes against double teams. Tough, durable, three-year starter. Has a professional work ethic. Team captain.
								Bad-bodied. Size and length are just adequate -- does not have ideal build. Not explosive -- ordinary get-off. Very average foot athlete, especially for his size. Top-heavy movement -- shows some lower-body stiffness and struggles to redirect efficiently. Production is effort-based. Could stand to shed some bad weight and improve his conditioning and stamina. Production is fabricated against lesser competition in garbage time.
							
2014	David Fluellen	2543663	RB	Toledo	Two-time first-team All-MAC selection (2012-13). 2013: Played in and started nine games. Missed three of the final four games with a broken bone in his left ankle, which was suffered against Bowling Green. It was initially thought he injured his Achilles. 2012: Played in all 12 games and made 11 starts. 2011: Played in all 13 games and made two starts. 2010: Played in nine games.	Excellent size. Runs hard downhill and can pick and slide and find creases. Good vision, leg churn and contact balance to finish runs. Tough and physical -- squares his shoulders to the line and will seek to deliver punishment. Nice balance and agility. Can power through arm tackles. Good production. Has a strong support structure and strong character. 
								Average speed. Tends to run a bit upright. Can do a better job of securing the ball tightly -- will flag it. Limited make-you-miss. Lacks home-run speed to pull away from the pack. Is not a nuanced pass protector -- developing eyes and awareness. Could improve sustain. Inconsistent catcher. Has missed games in three of the last four seasons with knee, ankle and back injuries and will struggle to make it through a season healthy.
							
2014	Terrance West	2543664	RB	Towson	Two-time first-team All-Colonial Athletic Association selection (2012-13). 2013: Walter Payton Award finalist (as top FCS player) and CAA Offensive Player of the Year. Started in all 16 games for a Towson team that lost in the FCS Championship Game to North Dakota State. Led FCS in rushing yards (2,519) and touchdowns (41). 2012: Played in 10 games and made six starts. Suffered knee injury against Delaware and did not start the rest of the season. 2011: Was a second-team FCS All-American pick and a first-team All-ECAC selection. Won Jerry Rice Award as top freshman in FCS and was named Eastern College Athletic Conference Offensive Rookie of the Year. Played in 11 games but did not start.	Equipped to run between the tackles and withstand a pounding. Good vision -- reads and cuts off blocks. Runs with attitude and power -- stays behind his pads, churns out yards after contact and finishes runs. Opens up his stride in space and has competitive speed to break long runs. Rare production. Bore a heavy workload and thrived with a lather. Has a nose for the goal line -- 83 rushing TDs in three seasons. 
								Lacks elite timed speed. Average initial quickness and elusiveness. Tight hips. Can be more cognizant of ball security -- tends to swing the ball away from his body and fumbled five times as a junior. Needs to polish his third-down skills, including route running and pass-protection awareness. Running style and college workload do not lend to longevity -- tread is worn down from 780 carries in three seasons.
							
2014	Cairo Santos	2543665	K	Tulane	Two-time first-team All-Conference USA selection (2012-13). 2013: Played in all 13 games. 2012: Won the Lou Groza Award (given to nation's best kicker) and was a first-team All-American selection. Played in all 12 games. 2011: Played in all 13 games. 2010: Honorable mention All-Conference USA pick after playing in all 12 games as a true freshman. High school: Three-year letterman who played wide receiver while also kicking and punting.	Takes a consistent approach and is consistenly accurate from inside 50 with range to 60 yards. Good leg speed. Has shown he can handle pressure and come through in the clutch -- converted game-winning kicks vs. North Texas and East Carolina in back-to-back weeks. Good work ethic. Four-year starter. Can serve as an emergency punter. 
								Tiny-framed. Average rise and lift. Marginal follow-through. Lacks power to drive the ball on kickoffs. Could stand to speed up his approach. Placement and hang-time on kickoffs has room for improvement. Benefited from kicking indoors.
							
2014	Xavier Su'a-Filo	2543666	OG	UCLA	Started in all 40 games played while at UCLA. 2013: Second-team All-American pick and first-team All-Pac-12 selection after starting all 13 games. Started six games at left tackle and seven at left guard. 2012: First-team All-Pac-12 selection after starting all 14 games at left guard. Also played some left tackle during the season. 2011: Was on a Mormon mission. 2010: Was on a Mormon mission. 2009: Honorable mention All-Pac-10 selection after starting all 13 games at left tackle (the most starts for a Bruin true freshman, non-kicker). Misc.: Went on a Mormon mission in 2010 and 2011 to Alabama and Florida and learned to speak Spanish. Is also an Eagle Scout. Has the nickname of "X".	Quick out of his stance. Effective pass blocker -- can bend his knees, extend and mirror in short area. Generates movement in the run game. Can work his hips and maneuver to gain positioning. Good foot athlete. Can pull, trap, combo block and step to the second level. Durable three-year starter. Has played guard and tackle.
								Lacks ideal length. Missed two years of strength training while serving a LDS mission and has a bad body. Could stand to play with better pop and power in his hands. Bends at the waist, gets overextended and falls off blocks. Heavy-legged -- slow to shift his weight and adjust to stunts and quick inside moves. Gets beat across his face. Needs to play with better awareness -- gets short-circuited by complicated defensive movement. Struggled mightily at left tackle.
							
2014	Tim Cornett	2543667	RB	UNLV	2013: Second-team All-MWC pick after starting in all 13 games. Rushed for 1,284 yards, the fourth most in school history. 2012: Honorable mention All-MWC selection after starting in all 13 games. Had 1,232 rushing yards, the fifth in school history. 2011: Played in 11 games and started in six. Led team with 671 rushing yards. 2010: Played in 13 games, starting six. First freshman to ever lead UNLV in rushing (546).	Thick, muscular build. Outstanding timed speed. Is tough and will play through injuries (battled through a torn left labrum as a junior). Very good weight-room worker. Terrific production -- UNLV's all-time leading rusher. Has kickoff-return experience.
								Tight-hipped and straight-linish. Marginal power and tackle-breaking strength -- limited yards after contact. Minimal creativity to set up runs -- takes little more than the defense gives him. Runs tall and is easily turned on contact. Struggles to take the corner. Average balance and body control. Struggles negotiating through traffic. Does not play to his timed speed. Passive blocker.
							
2014	Dion Bailey	2543668	SS	USC	Two-time second-team All-Pac-12 selection (2011 and 2013). 2013: Switched to safety after playing linebacker the previous two seasons. Made nine starts in 14 games played. 2012: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection after starting in all 13 games and leading the team with four interceptions. 2011: Played and started in 11 games. Moved from safety to linebacker prior ro spring practice. Missed one game due to a concussion. 2010: Redshirted. 	Good hands to intercept. Was an impact defender as a redshirt freshman despite playing out of place as an undersized linebacker. 
								Lacks experience in deep coverage. Also lacks top-end speed to keep pace with slot receivers. Still developing positional instincts and feel for route combinations. Takes some inaccurate angles. Goes low and misses tackles. Has tweener traits. Durability is a concern.
							
2014	Xavier Grimble	2543669	TE	USC	Two-time honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection (2012-13). 2013: Played in 13 games and made six starts. 2012: Played in 13 games and started nine. 2011: Played in 12 games and started seven. 2010: Redshirted. Misc.: His cousin, Jalen Grimble, plays defensive line at Oregon State. Another cousin, Barkevious Mingo, plays for the Cleveland Browns.	Has a good frame for the position -- room to pack on bulk. Can work the middle of the field, take a hit and maintain possession. Good hands -- can extend to catch and is a reliable short-to-intermediate receiver. Has the look of a throwback with the ball in his hands -- rumbles downfield and is a load to bring down. Shows willingness as a blocker and potential to be functional with improved strength and technique. 
								Needs to get stronger and could use more glass in his diet. Average balance. Narrow-based, underpowered, in-line blocker -- gets manhandled and tossed aside. Releases tall and mechanically -- too easily jammed and rerouted. Linear mover who builds to speed. Has been dinged up and durability could be an issue.
							
2014	Marcus Martin	2543670	C	USC	Started in all 35 games played at USC. 2013: First-team All-Pac-12 pick. Started in 13 games at center. Suffered a knee injury on Nov. 30 against UCLA and did not play in the bowl game against Fresno State. 2012: Played in 12 games and started 10 at guard. 2011: Started the last 10 games at guard. Became first true USC freshman to start at guard since 2004. 	Thick and wide-bodied. Walls off and seals defenders. Can work his hips to maneuver and seal. Athletic enough to step to the second level. Plays with his head on a swivel. Good anchor ability in pass protection -- can dig his cleats in the ground vs. big-bodied pluggers and match size with size. Three-year starter with experience at guard and center. Was a 20-year-old junior.
								A bit knock-kneed and pigeon-toed with herky-jerky movement. Soft puncher. Gets top-heavy and bends at the waist. Average initial quickness, balance and sustain. Ordinary hip snap -- power element missing. Limited lateral agility and recovery ability. Struggles to connect with moving targets. Is not a strong finisher or an aggressive go-getter. Does not dominate the way he is capable.
							
2014	Silas Redd	2543671	RB	USC	2013: Played in six games and made four starts. Missed first five games of the season after injuring his left knee in spring practice. Injured right knee at California and missed three of the final four games. 2012: Transferred to USC following Jerry Sandusky scandal at Penn State; was not forced to sit out a season. Played in 12 games and made six starts. Was an honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection. 2011: Second-team All-Big Ten pick after appearing in 13 games and making 11 starts. Had five consecutive 100-yard games midseason (at Indiana, vs. Iowa, vs. Purdue, at Northwestern, vs. Illinois -? Penn State won all five games). 2010: Enrolled early at Penn State in January. Appeared in 12 games as backup running back.	Good eyes and cutback ability. Is well-built with a yoked-up musculature and very good thickness. Is subtly shifty and nimble enough to sidestep the first tackler and avoid direct hits. Good leg drive -- keeps churning on contact and is surprisingly strong for a smallish back. Tough, willing blocker -- shows good eyes and awareness in pass protection and seeks to finish.
								Has very small hands and is not a crafty route runner. Lacks burst to take the corner and the breakaway speed to pull away. Bulked up as a senior following left-knee surgery in the spring and lost a half-step. Limited knee extension (does not open his stride). Split time in a rotation and was not a full-time starter at USC.
							
2014	George Uko	2543672	DE	USC	Two-time honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick (2012-13). Played both defensive end and defensive tackle at USC. 2013: Started all 14 games at defensive end. 2012: Started all 13 games, once at defensive end. 2011: Played in 12 games and started in two. 2010: Redshirted.	Plays with leverage and generally stays on his feet. Flashes the ability to shoot his hands inside, extend and stack. Played end and tackle.
								Average foot athlete with lower-body stiffness. Exposes his frame and struggles to escape. Needs to develop counters and pass-rush moves -- hands are more active than forceful. Does not dominate single blocks. Has tweener traits -- lacks ideal bulk and anchor for DT and ideal speed and flexibility for DE. Disappears for stretches.
							
2014	Anthony Denham	2543673	TE	Utah	Played in only 23 games at Utah. 2013: Played in 12 games and had 24 receptions (2 TDs). 2012: Played in 11 games and had 11 receptions. 2011: Redshirted. High school: Spent his high school years in foster care.	Outstanding size and overall length (body and arms). Can climb the ladder to secure the ball. Effective outside-the-numbers/red-zone target. 
								Marginal play speed. Does not sell his routes and gives up break points. Struggles to beat the jam, and most catches are contested. Does not keep working to uncover or show much awareness for zones. Disinterested, lackadaisical blocker. No special-teams value.
							
2014	Jake  Murphy	2543674	TE	Utah	Son of two-time National League MVP (1982-83) Dale Murphy. 2013: Played in eight games and started seven. Missed four games after breaking wrist vs. UCLA. 2012: An honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection. Played in all 12 games and started five. 2011: Played in 10 games and started two. 2010: Redshirted. 	Dependable short-to-intermediate receiver. Adjusts to throws and has good, quick hands for a tight end -- catches off his body. Functional as a back-side hinge blocker or move blocker. Has athletic bloodlines -- father is 1982-83 National League MVP Dale Murphy.
								Lethargic release. Can be jammed up and rerouted off the line of scrimmage. Average speed. Stiff movement. Unrefined route runner -- tends to drift. In-line blocking needs work. Gets overpowered at the point of attack. Could stand to play with more intensity. Ordinary production. Is not especially strong for an overaged prospect. Will be a 25-year-old rookie (served a two-year LDS mission).
							
2014	Tenny Palepoi	2543675	DT	Utah	2013: Second-team All-Pac-12 selection after starting in all 13 games and finishing third on the team with 9.5 tackles for loss. 2012: played in all 12 games and started two. 2011: Played at Snow College (JUCO) and was a second-team NJCAA All-American. 2010: Redshirted at Snow College (JUCO) due to torn MCL. 2009: Played at Snow College (JUCO). Misc.: Brother, Tutaga, played four years in the NFL for the Seattle Seahawks, Denver Broncos and Arizona Cardinals.	Good initial quickness, athletic ability and hip snap to shoot gaps and disrupt the backfield. Displays fine body control and agility. Good closing speed. Square tackler with some explosive knock-back body power. Can throw his hips in the hole and create penetration. Solid production. Has NFL pedigree -- brother, Anton, played four seasons in the league. Carries a passion for the game. Well-grounded and mature. Contributes on special teams (personal punt protector). 
								Not physically impressive -- is short with short arms and a relatively thin lower body. Limited extension -- struggles to disengage from blocks and can be engulfed by the double team. Lacks lead in his pants and can be moved. Average anchor strength -- too easily controlled and sealed off in the run game. Instincts are developing.
							
2014	Trevor Reilly	2543676	OLB	Utah	2013: First-team All-Pac-12 pick after starting in all 12 games. 2012: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick after starting in all 12 games, including eight at linebacker and four at defensive end. 2011: Played in 13 games and started eight. 2010: Played in 11 games, but did not make a start. 2009: Redshirted. Misc.: As a 16-year-old, he set a Guinness world record by eating a raw onion in one minute, 35 seconds (beating the old record by 65 seconds). The current record is 43.53 seconds. Has a young daughter with kidney cancer.	Very solidly built frame. Good functional playing strength to beat blocks and defend the run. Locates the ball quickly and is around it a lot. Crashes the line hard and plays with energy. Flashes shock in his punch. Fine arm-under move to come underneath blockers and work the edges. Can control and disrupt tight ends. Takes good angles. Solid tackler. Ultra-tough, mentally and physically (played through ACL injury as a junior). Extremely competitive. Very good football intelligence -- can line up a defense. Versatile -- has played every LB position and can interchange with ease. Respected tone-setter. Outstanding work ethic. Identifies with the game. 
								Average athletic ability and lateral agility. Can be stymied by power. Stiff-hipped and robotic moving in reverse. Has limitations in man coverage and can be mismatched by athletic tight ends. Wore a brace on his right knee and plant strength did not appear at full strength. Had arthroscopic surgery on the knee following the season and will require closer medical evaluation. Overaged -- will be a 26-year-old rookie.
							
2014	Mo Alexander	2543677	SS	Utah St.	2013: Honorable mention All-MWC selection after starting in 13 games. Missed the final game due to surgery on wrist. 2012: Did not play after being dismissed from the team after punching teammate in the eye. 2011: Played in 12 games and started eight. 2010: Played at Arizona Western College (JUCO). 2009: Played at Arizona Western College (JUCO). Misc.: Ordered to serve 365 days in jail, pay a $1,500 fine, spend one year on probation and pay $21,341 in restitution after punching teammate in eye. The judge suspended all but 45 days of the jail sentence and gave Alexander credit for the 12 days he has already served.	Very good size and movement skills. Covers ground. Drops into the box and fits in the run game. Physical tackler. Effective blitzer. Aggressive and energetic. Has special-teams experience.
								Miscast in deep coverage. Has man-coverage limitations. Lacks foot speed to keep pace with receivers. Inconsistent ball reactions -- in position to make plays, but doesn?t. Can be overaggressive and take poor angles. Has tweener traits.
							
2014	D.J. Tialavea	2543678	TE	Utah St.	2013: Played in only six games and miissed most of the season after undergoing foot surgery. 2012: Played in 12 games and started seven. 2011: Played in 13 games and started six. 2010: Played in nine games and started once. 2009: Redshirted.	Well-built, muscular blocker. Good arm length and overall mass. Can get in the way as a blocker. Efficient cut blocker. Functional short-area receiver. 
								Spends more time on the ground than he should by lunging and overextending. Does not play big and feet do not run on contact. Very undisciplined route runner. Marginal release -- easily pinballed and knocked off his path. Is not quick or urgent into his routes.
							
2014	Chris Boyd	2543679	WR	Vanderbilt	2013: Did not play after being dismissed from the team after conditional guilty plea for his role in attempting to cover up rape of unconscious student. 2012: Played in and started 13 games. 2011: Played in 13 games and started nine. 2010: Redshirted. Misc.: At the Sept. 13, 2013 hearing, Deputy District Attorney General Tom Thurman said Boyd was called to the dormitory of another player, where he found the woman unconscious and partially clothed in the hallway. The prosecutor said Boyd helped carry the woman to the bed of a fellow player and then left. Sentenced to 11 months and 29 days probation. His record will be cleared if he successfully completes probation.	Excellent frame. Chews up ground with long strides. Controls his body and uses size to his advantage. Good hands -- extends to catch off his body. Adjusts to throws. Good potential as a blocker -- can engage and stalk. Good work ethic. 
								Average burst off the line. Lacks elite top-end speed to separate vertically. Not strong to beat the jam. Shows some hip stiffness and is fairly straight-linish. Has to be hit in stride to pick up chunk yards after the catch. 
							
2014	Antone Exum	2543680	CB	Virginia Tech	2013: Played in and started three games. Missed first seven games while returning from ACL injury. Missed last three games with an ankle injury. 2012: Second-team All-ACC selection after starting in all 13 games after switching to cornerback. Named Russell Athletic Bowl MVP after fourth quarter interception vs. Rutgers. 2011: Honorable mention All-ACC selection. Started all 14 games, with 11 starts at free safety and three in nickel. Finished season as the team?s leading tackler with 89 total tackles. 2010: Played in all 14 games and made five starts. Played mostly free safety but moved around in the nickel package. 2009: Redshirted as a free safety. Misc.: Tore his right ACL in pickup basketball game in January of 2013.	Outstanding size, overall thickness and build -- defined musculature with thin ankles. Very smart and articulate. Very good body control and ball skills -- adjusts well in the air. Fluid pedal and movement skill for a 220-pounder. Very good press strength -- hems/disrupts receivers at the line. Versatile -- played first three seasons at free safety and has contributed as a gunner and jammer on special teams. 
								Raw technician. Not natural commanding the back end and making coverage adjustments vs. complex schemes. Comes off with an aura of arrogance to some and likes to do things his own way. 
							
2014	Kyle Fuller	2543681	CB	Virginia Tech	2013: Third-team All-ACC pick after finishing second on the team with 10 pass breakups. 2012: Honorable mention All-ACC pick. 2011: Second-team All-ACC selection after leading the team with 14.5 tackles for loss. 2010: Played in all 14 games and started six. Misc.: Has two older brothers; Vincent Fuller played six seasons with the Tennessee Titans, and Corey Fuller is on the Detroit Lions' practice squad.	Good size and balance. Plays faster than he times thanks to keen instincts, anticipation and route recognition. Zone aware with good eyes, ball reactions and hands to intercept. Outstanding leaping ability. Willing run supporter. Has special-teams experience, including as a gunner and jammer. Tough and durable -- logged 42 career starts. Team captain who understands what it means to be a pro. Was a 21-year-old senior.
								Needs to get stronger. Man-cover limitations. Lacks ideal speed and twitch for the position. Has a choppy pedal and some tightness in transition. Gives up separation at the break point. Average ball production. Squats on routes and is susceptible to double moves. Could stand to shore up his tackling -- struggles to break down in space and slips off some tackles.
							
2014	Bishop Sankey	2543682	RB	Washington	2013: Second-team All-American and first-team All-Pac-12 pick. Set UW single-season rushing record wiht 1,870 yards, surpassing Corey Dillon's mark of 1,695 yards set in 1996. Had a rushing touchdown in every game during the season. 2012: Finished season with 1,439 rushing yards and 16 touchdowns. Both were the second-most in a single-season in school history. Became starter in second game of season. Was named MVP of the MAACO Bowl Las Vegas vs. Boise State. 2011: Played in 12 of 13 games, playing as a running back and on special teams. 	Good vision and balance. Subtle lateral agility to pick, slide and accelerate. Reads his blocks and instinctively runs to daylight. Fluid gate and efficient movement. Runs competitively. Good hands to pull in throws off his body. Was productive with a heavy workload in a pro-style offense. Team captain.
								Lacks ideal bulk and functional run strength -- not a robust tackle-breaker. Too often grounded by single-tacklers or tripped up by the ankles. Shows some hip tightness. Average explosion, speed and elusiveness. Has shown he can be contained by good defenses. Needs to become a more dependable, physical, fundamentally sound pass protector.
							
2014	Austin Seferian-Jenkins	2543683	TE	Washington	2013: Was a John Mackey Award winner (nation's top tight end), third-team All-American and a second-team All-Pac-12 pick. Set career school records for most receptions (146), receiving yards (1,840) and touchdown receptions (21) by a tight end. Was suspended for 2013 season opener vs. Boise State following a DUI in March. 2012: Second-team All-Pac-12 pick and a John Mackey Award semifinalist. Started in all 13 games. 2011: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick after playing in all 13 games and making 10 starts. Misc.: Also played basketball at Washington, becoming the first Washington Huskie to play both basketball and football since Nate Robinson (football in 2002, basketball from 2003-05) and 19th Huskie overall to play both sports.	Looks the part. Has outstanding size and stature -- presents a big target and dwarfs defensive backs. Uses physicality to create separation and can post up in the red zone. Athletic -- spent time on the UW basketball team. Terrific movement skills and receiving ability for a big man.  Surprising foot speed and agility -- stretches the seam. Adjusts to throws and has soft hands. Has potential to be an effective in-line blocker -- has size and core strength to seal defensive ends.  
								Could stand to sculpt his physique and get functionally stronger. Work in progress as an in-line blocker. Not an explosive athlete. Ordinary release. Builds to speed. Tight hips. Does not pop out of breaks. Limited elusiveness after the catch. Receptions and yards fell off by nearly 50 percent as a junior. Character and stability need to be looked into. 
							
2014	Dustin Vaughan	2543684	QB	West Texas A&M	2013: Started all 14 games. Threw for single-season school records of 5,401 yards and 53 touchdown, breaking Keith Null's records from 2008. Led Division II in passing yards and touchdowns. 2012: Started all 15 games. School reached the NCAA Division II semifinal for first time in school history. Second in Division II with 4,712 passing yards and 45 TDs. 2011: Played in 11 games with 10 starts. 2010: Played in four games as the third-string QB. 2009: Redshirted. Misc: Is West Texas A&M's all-time leader in completions (1,040), attempts (1,624), passing yards (10.525) and touchdowns (123).	Outstanding size. Good short-to-intermediate accuracy when he has time to set his feet and step into throws. Very intelligent. Superb leadership qualities and intangibles. Highly respected, vocal team leader. Very competitive. Urgent, demanding, on-field presence. Outstanding production. Tough and durable.
								Has small hands. Most balls are flat with little arc and not easily catchable. Plays in a spread-pistol offense operating exclusively out of the gun and featuring a lot of simple, one-look reads. Very average mobility to escape the rush and create plays in the pocket with his feet. Will force the ball under duress and needs to hone his decision-making. Is late to trigger and takes unnecessary sacks. Has not faced top competition and windows will tighten in the pros.
							
2014	Jonathan Dowling	2543685	SS	Western Kentucky	Two-time First-Team All-Sun Belt. 2013: Played and started all 12 games. Led team with six forced fumbles. 2012: Played 12 games, started 11. Had three INT vs. Kentucky (most by a Hilltopper in a single game since 1978). Had 5 tackles vs. No. 1 Alabama. 2011: Sat out after transferring from Florida. 2010: Played two games at Florida before transferring to WKU. High School: No. 5 safety in nation (Scout). Misc: Dismissed from team at Florida by Urban Meyer for violation of team rules.	Has a rangy frame with room for added bulk. Excellent height and long arms to contend in the air and play the pocket. Good hands to snatch interceptions. Nice linear fluidity. Covers ground with long strides -- rangy off the hash to get over the top. Flashes striking ability when his shoulder blows connect. Playmaking ability -- 9 INTs and 8 FFs in last two seasons. Has special-teams experience covering kicks.
								High-cut and lanky for a safety -- durability could be an issue and he needs to add body armor. Gets bullied in the box. Average eyes and instincts. Takes some inaccurate angles. Shoddy tackler with poor fundamentals -- hits too high, ankle-bites low or launches himself and whiffs. Talks too much and shows off-putting body language. Questionable mental toughness. Thinks he?s better than he is. Character, maturity and coachability should be looked into. 
							
2014	Adrian Hubbard	2543686	OLB	Alabama	2013: Played in all 13 games and made 12 starts. 2012: Played in all 14 games and made 13 starts. 2011: Played in nine games as a reserve. 2010: Redshirted. High school: Was an Under Armour All-American in Georgia.	Exceptional length and overall size for a rush linebacker. Good hand strength to leverage the edge. Flashes pass-rush ability -- nice bend and balance. Flattens down the line and is athletic enough to string out plays to the sideline. Is strong enough to set the edge, shed and defend the run. Good take-on strength and anchor -- benchpresses tight ends. Nimble-footed enough to carry tight ends down the field (see LSU). Already graduated.  
								Lacks elite edge speed, burst and explosion. Does not make plays and too often disappears for stretches. Instincts are still developing -- can be lured by play-action and misdirection. Average career sack production (10 sacks). Has a quirky personality, inflated opinion of his ability and carries a sense of entitlement that could be difficult to manage and require a patient positional coach.
							
2014	Cody Mandell	2543687	P	Alabama	Mandell served as Alabama's primary punter all four seasons. 2013: Second-team All-SEC selection after 14 of 39 punts went 50-plus yards. Averaged 47.1 yards per punt, the best of his collegiate career. 2012: Of 46 punts, 12 went for 50-plus yards and only 15 were returned. 2011: Of 39 total punts, 11 landed inside the 20 and 17 were for fair catches. 2010: Freshman All-SEC pick after nine punts went for more than 50 yards.	Very good size. Good hands -- adjusts well to the ball. Efficient touch-to-toe times. Works at his craft. Demonstrated ability to handle the elements. Solid coverage safety outlet -- has enough athletic ability to tackle. Experienced, four-year starter in the SEC -- has played on the biggest of stages and shown he can handle pressure. 
								Inconsistent follow-through and drive. Ball does not explode off his foot. Does not consistently drive the ball.
							
2014	Ed Stinson	2543688	DE	Alabama	2013: Second-team All-SEC selection after playing in 13 games and making 12 starts. Finished college career with 5.5 sacks. 2012: Started all 14 games for national championship-winning team. 2011: Played in all 13 games for a national championship-winning team. 2010: Played in nine games and made two starts. 2009: Redshirted.	Very good arm and body length. Outstanding strength at the point of attack. Big stout, power base and superb press strength to set the edge and walk blockers back to the quarterback. Very stout vs. the run. Possesses pop and power in his hands and jolts blockers on contact. Plays square to the line and controls blockers with ease. Physical, drive-through tackler. Extremely tough, hardworking and ultra-competitive. Very well-conditioned with outstanding endurance. 
								Average foot speed. Has some stiffness in his body. Plays a bit flat-footed. Not sudden to get off blocks. Limited burst and explosion to reach the outside -- can secure speed backs. Will require some patience absorbing a game plan. 
							
2014	Kevin Norwood	2543689	WR	Alabama	2013: Played in 12 games and started seven. Led the Crimson Tide with seven touchdown receptions, and caught a TD pass in five consecutive games leading up to team's loss in the Sugar Bowl. 2012: Played in 13 games and made 11 starts. Had three receptions for 66 yards in BCS National Championship win over Notre Dame. 2011: Played in 11 games. Had four receptions for 78 yards in BCS National Championship win over LSU. 2010: Played in all 13 games. 2009: Redshirted.  	Solid build. Good hands and concentration -- extends outside his frame and makes the difficult catch. Fine route savvy -- sells his routes with stems and nods. Understands how to get open. Good sideline awareness -- dots the "i." Established rapport with the quarterback is noticeable (is the first receiver sought on broken plays) and keeps working to come free. Very solid personal and football character. Trustworthy, accountable and dependable. 
								Has short arms. Does not pop out of his breaks or create separation with burst and acceleration. Struggles some defeating the jam. Can show more urgency as a blocker in the run game. Breaks few tackles after the catch. 
							
2014	Marion Grice	2543690	RB	Arizona State	Played two seasons at Blinn College before transferring to Arizona State. 2013: Second-team All-Pac-12 selection after leading team with 996 rushing yards. Also had 438 receiving yards and scored a total of 20 touchdowns. 2012: Led team with 679 rushing yards and scored a total of 19 touchdowns. 	Good balance and body control. Has loose ankles and very good lateral agility. Explosive one-cut ability. Displays vision and elusiveness in the open field. Sees the cutback and weaves in and out of traffic. Has some wiggle to shake tacklers in space. Good receiver -- bursts into routes, adjusts to passes and has soft hands. Fumbled only once the last two seasons. Blue-collar work ethic. Solid character. 
								Has a lean, narrow frame. Needs to bulk up and get stronger. Not equipped to pound between the tackles -- gets tall inside and doesn't push the pile (soft on contact). Weak tackle-breaker who cannot be counted on for yards after contact. Can become a more disciplined route runner. Questionable awareness in pass protection. Statistical production belies inconsistency.
							
2014	Will Sutton	2543691	DT	Arizona State	Sutton is a two-time first-team AP All-American (2012-13), two-time Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year (2012-13) and two-time first-team All-Pac-12 selection (2012-13). Father, Mickey, played defensive back and punt returner for the Los Angeles Rams (1986-88), Green Bay Packers (1989), Buffalo Bills (1989) and Rams (1990).	Very good athlete. Good body control and balance. Feels blocking pressure and finds the ball quickly. Effective spin move. Shoots gaps and makes plays behind the line. Flattens down the line and can range to the sideline. Strong tackler and athletic enough to string down backs in space. Outstanding career sack production (20.5) from the interior. 
								Short. Questionable competitiveness and desire -- motor runs hot and cold. Will disappear for stretches. Has some underachiever traits and work ethic has a lot of area for improvement. Average strength at the point of attack. Can be turned and rooted out of the hole by the double team. Can improve hand use and develop more of a pass-rush arsenal. 
							
2014	Chris  Smith	2543692	DE	Arkansas	2013: Second-team All-SEC selection after starting in all 12 games and leading his team with 8.5 sacks. 2012: Honorable mention All-SEC pick after starting 12 games. 2011: Played in all 13 games and made three starts. 2010: Played in six games.	Very good take-off, burst and closing speed -- wins with quickness and effort. Plays hard with good urgency and runs to the ball. Good finishing speed and hustle in backside pursuit. Gradually improving strength. Likeable personality with natural leadership traits.
								Lacks functional playing strength and can be controlled easily when big-bodied blockers get their hands on him (see Alabama). Struggles to split the double team. Not a nuanced pass rusher -- reliant on upfield speed too much. Can do a better job diagnosing the run more quickly and shedding blocks. 
							
2014	Chris Davis	2543693	CB	Auburn	2013: Second-team All-SEC selection after starting in 12 games. Finished second on the team with 74 tackles. Return of a missed field goal for a touchdown was decisive play in Auburn's win over Alabama. 2012: Played in nine games and made seven starts. Missed three games due to injury. 2011: Played and started in 11 games. Missed two games due to injury. 2010: Played in all 14 games. Was injured on opening kickoff of BCS National Championship win over Oregon and did not return. 	Physical supporting the run -- fills quickly and likes to hit. Tough pound-for-pound.  Takes on bigger receivers with aggression and sets a hard edge. Plays off blocks well. Good open-field tackler. Good press strength to re-route receivers at the line. Alert in zones. Has big-play return ability (recorded most memorable play of the 2013 season returning field goal 109 yards for TD vs. Alabama). Can factor as a punt returner with a low center of gravity and good run strength. Emotional, energetic field presence. Respected team leader. 
								Is short, short-armed and very stiff-hipped. Straight-linish and tight transitioning -- allows separation at break points. Marginal ball skills and hands (zero career interceptions). Gets caught playing flat-footed and peeking. Can do a better job carrying receivers in short zones. Mismatched vs. bigger receivers and struggles contending in the red zone.
							
2014	Cody Parkey	2543694	K	Auburn	2013: Played in all 14 games. Was 1-for-2 in the BCS National Championship against Florida State, making a 22-yarder but missing a 33-yard field goal attempt. 2012: Played in all 12 games. 2011: Played in all 13 games. 2010: Appeared in seven games. 	Three-year starter in the SEC. Converted multiple game-winning field goals and has shown he can handle pressure. Efficient squib kicker. Works at his craft and takes the game seriously. 
								Average rise and hang-time on kickoffs  -- lines the ball with limited lift. Long-range distance is shaky and struggles converting beyond 50. Non-factor in coverage.
							
2014	Jay  Prosch	2543695	FB	Auburn	Transferred to Auburn in 2012 after two seasons at Illinois to be closer to his mother, Iris, who had been diagnosed with brain cancer (Iris passed away on Sept. 3, 2012). 2013: Played in 14 games and made 11 starts. 2012: Played in 12 games and started seven at fullback. 2011: Played in 12 games and started five for the Fighting Illini. Served as the team's primary fullback and played on special teams. Missed the Kraft Fight Hunger Bowl due to a staph infection in his knee. 2010: Played in all 13 games, starting seven at fullback for the Illini. Helped pave the way for Illinois' single-season rushing leader, Mikel Leshoure, and the Big Ten's top rushing offense in 2010.	Exceptional weight-room strength. Outstanding peripheral blocking vision -- scans wide and locates. Generates power through his lower body and drives defenders out of the hole. Very good hip roll and explosion. Runs his feet on contact. Intense, determined competitor. Good finisher. Is fairly light on his feet for as big and strong as he is. Can create a surge in short-yardage situations and power through the line. Catches the ball easily. Core special-teams performer. Outstanding personal and football character -- highly respected team leader. Versatility is a big plus. Very durable.  
								Robotic, overly muscled, tightly wound mover. Has very short arms and struggles to lock on and sustain on the move. Marginal elusiveness -- gears down to cut. Unsudden route-runner. Limited receiving production/touches. 
							
2014	Ahmad Dixon	2543696	SS	Baylor	2013: Second-team All-Big 12 selection. Was arrested on Sept. 26 for misdemeanor assault. 2012: Honorable mention All-Big 12 selection after starting all 13 games at nickelback. 2011: Honorable mention All-Big 12 selection after starting all 13 games at nickelback. 2010: Played in 11 games.	Very good size and straight-line speed. Is aggressive stepping downhill and supporting the run. Closes fast to the ball. Secure, wrap tackler. Takes efficient angles and is a reliable last line of defense. Good backside chase pursuit. Solid special-teams potential. 
								Very tight in the hips -- straight-linish. Pedals tall and is late transitioning. Average recovery speed. Limited cover skills and awareness. Marginal ball skills and small, shaky hands (four career INTs in three seasons as a starter). Very average football IQ -- takes an extra tick to sort out routes and digest what he sees. Narrow vision. Limited agility and change of direction in man coverage. See-and-go reactor (not instant or anticipatory diagnosing). Not a forceful tackler or explosive hitter. Cleared of charges, but September assault incident requires closer scrutiny.
							
2014	Cyril Richardson	2543697	OG	Baylor	2013: First-team AP All-American, first-team All-Big 12, Big 12 Offensive Lineman of the Year and finalist for the Outland Trophy (given to nation's top interior lineman). 2012: Second-team AP All-American, first-team All-Big 12 and Big 12 Offensive Lineman of the Year. 2011: Honorable mention All-Big 12 after starting all 13 games at left tackle. 2010: Played in 12 games and made four starts. 2009: Redshirted. Was a Hurricane Katrina refugee.	Outstanding size and girth with legitimate NFL strength. Sturdy base and heavy anchor -- squats a small house and is dependable in pass protection. Generates movement in the run game. Can work his hips and gain positioning. Walls off and seals. Packs a jolting punch and plays with a load in his hands -- latches on, controls and steers. Wins in a phone booth and can manhandle smaller linemen. Enough balance, coordination and foot speed to pull and trap effectively. Has played tackle and guard. Conditioned in an up-tempo, no-huddle offense.
								Average arm length. Bad body -- has a fleshy midsection and could stand to shed some bad weight. Lateral agility and recovery quickness are just adequate. Gets in trouble when his feet stall or he bends at the waist (slips off blocks). Intermittent intensity -- does not play violently or impose his will physically as often as he should. Could stand to become more of a nasty finisher. Has underachiever traits. Questionable motivation and passion for the game.
							
2014	Tevin Reese	2543698	WR	Baylor	2013: First-team All-Big 12 selection after playing in nine games and making eight starts. Finished season with 867 yards receiving and eight touchdowns. 2012: Honorable mention All-Big 12 after finishing season with career highs in receiving yards (957) and touchdowns (9). 2011: Honorable mention All-Big 12 pick after a 877-yard, 7-touchdown season. 2010: One of six true freshmen to play for Baylor, finishing season with 401 receiving yards.	Boasts freakish athleticism, including rare leaping ability. Explodes off the line. Fast and sudden. Turns over fluid stride with length and frequency. Stretches the field vertically. Tracks and adjusts to throws and displays terrific body control. Catches easily -- snatches throws out of the air. Good short-area quickness. Darts upfield after the catch. Playmaking ability -- averaged 19.4 yards per catch the last three seasons.
								In desperate need of NFL weight training and nutrition -- is rail thin with small hands.  Can be jammed and re-routed at the line. Questionable toughness to consistently work the middle. Outmuscled in a crowd and struggles to make contested catches. Dabbled in track and is fairly straightlinish. Marginal blocker. Durability is a concern -- has been dinged up and is not built to withstand the physicality of the NFL game.
							
2014	Kyle Van Noy	2543699	OLB	BYU	2013: FBS All-Independent Defensive Player of the Year selection. Had eight tackles, one sack and one tackle for loss in win over Texas. 2012: Third-team AP All-American after recording 13 sacks, 22 tackles for loss and forcing six fumbles. Had eight tackles, 1.5 sacks, a forced fumble, an interception return for a touchdown, a fumble recovery for a touchdown and blocked kick against San Diego State in the Poinsettia Bowl. 2011: Played in all 13 games with eight starts. Was only FBS player to record a stat in each of the following categories: tackles, tackles for loss, sacks, inteceptions, pass breakup, QB hurries, fumble recoveries, forced fumbles, blocked kicks and touchdowns. 2010: Played in all 13 games and made two starts. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Helped lead footballteam to state title as a senior. Also ran track (400-, 800- and 1,600-meter relays).	Has a muscular, well-proportioned build. Quick get-off. Knifes gaps. Good pass-rush ability -- can push the pocket or pressure the edge. Keeps working to the quarterback and has deceptive closing speed. Eyes the quarterback and tries to get his hands in the passing lane. Athletic with good movement skills in all directions -- equipped to keep pace with backs and tight ends in coverage. Is rangy and can open up his stride and run vertical. Glides on the field. Scheme versatile. Football smart.
								Lacks elite length and flexibility to bend and flatten. Average instincts and diagnose. Still developing eye discipline. Needs to cultivate a more sophisticated arsenal of pass-rush moves. Leaves some production on the field. Leaves his feet to tackle and slips off the ball carrier. Hit-or-miss run defender. Could stand to improve his upper-body strength and stack-and-shed ability. Average motor -- could pursue with more urgency.  
							
2014	Cody Hoffman	2543700	WR	BYU	Had a reception in 43 consecutive games to finish college career. 2013: Honorable mention FBS All-Independent choice after recording 894 yards receiving and five touchdowns. Was suspended for one game for violation of team rules. 2012: Had 100 receptions for 1,248 yards (ranking second in school history behind Austin Collie, 2008) and 11 touchdowns. 2011: Started all 13 games and led team in receptions (61), yards (943) and touchdowns (10). Had five 100-yard receiving games. 2010: Played in 13 games with 10 starts. Led team with 527 receiving yards. 2009: Redshirted.	Outstanding size with long arms. Extends outside his frame and can snag throws outside his body. Wide catching radius. Deceptively quick coming out of breaks. Has NFL pedigree. Experienced, four-year starter. Played through a shoulder injury during 2011 and '12 seasons. Is tough and durable. 
								Comes off the line too gingerly and will struggle beating NFL press coverage. Limited agility to shake defenders releasing and does not create in space. Monotone route runner. Many of his catches are contested (minimal separation). Does not play to his size in the run game -- uses too much finesse as a blocker. Average athlete with limited burst and explosion. Average leaping ability. Must learn what it means to be a pro and could benefit from committing more to the craft.  
							
2014	Deandre Coleman	2543701	DT	California	Played in all 49 possible games in college career. 2013: Honorable mention All-Pac 12 pick. 2012: Played in all 12 games and made 11 starts. 2011: Played in all 13 games and made two starts. 2010: Played in all 12 games. 2009: Redshirted. 	Outstanding arm and body length and overall size. Is not easily moved off a spot. Can anchor vs. the double team and clog lanes. Very tough and durable. Plays through injuries. Versatile and has experience lining up anywhere along a "30" front. 
								Not an accomplished pass rusher -- hand use is unrefined and displays minimal acceleration and closing burst. Has to figure out how to work half a blocker. Tends to rise straight up out of his stance and stays blocked too long. Limited playing range. Lacks urgency. Has a hearing impairment in one ear.
							
2014	Brandon Thomas	2543702	OT	Clemson	Two-time second-team All-ACC selection (2012-13). 2013: Second-team All-ACC selection after starting all 13 games at left tackle. 2012: Second-team All-ACC  pick after starting all 13 games at left tackle. 2011: Played in 13 games and made 10 starts at left guard and left tackle. 2010: Played in 10 games. 2009: Redshirted.	Good size with very long arms and big hands. Quick out of his stance. Knee bender with good balance and body control. Solid base. Places his hands inside and can pop and recoil. Strong-handed puncher with good grip strength once he latches on. Athletic, efficient mover. Light on his feet to step to the second level or pull. Can maneuver and throw his hips in the hole. Climbs to the second level. Three-year starter who played tackle (two-time first-team All-ACC at LT). Held his own against Jadeveon Clowney without help. Team captain.
								Power element missing. Limited hip snap -- not a road-grading mauler. Susceptible to bull rush when he sets tall. Could stand to improve lateral slide and inside punch to shut down strong inside moves. Inconsistent second-level sustain. Is better with simple assignments and effectiveness wanes in space. Can do a better job playing with his head on a swivel. Still learning what it means to prepare like a pro.
							
2014	Tajh Boyd	2543703	QB	Clemson	First quarterback in ACC history with 30-plus touchdown passes in three seasons. Set an ACC record with 107 career touchdown passes. Was named the 2012 ACC Player of the Year. 2013: Second-team All-ACC selection, and finalist for the Johnny Unitas Award and Manning Award. 2012: Semifinalist for the Davey O'Brien Award (given to nation's top QB), and was a first-team All-ACC selection. Responsible for an ACC-record 46 touchdowns (breaking his own record from 2011). 2011: Semifinalist for the Davey O?Brien Award as well as the Maxwell Award (nation's top player), and was a first-team All-ACC pick. Responsible for a then-ACC-record 38 touchdowns. MVP os ACC Championship Game againt Virginia Tech. 2010: Played in seven games and was a Future Impact Player Award winner. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Won two state championships.	Sets quickly. Can sling it when he?s in rhythm and has a clean pocket. Good zip short-to-intermediate. Can launch deep throws 60-plus yards and flashes touch to drop it in the bucket. Shows composure in the face of a blitz and is willing to take a hit to make a play. Makes plays with his feet, be it rolling the pocket, extending plays or throwing on the move (left or right). Slippery and elusive to escape the rush and is a threat to tuck and dash for the sticks. Good straight-line speed and run strength for a quarterback (will lower his shoulder on defenders). Team captain and three-year starter. Terrific football character. Is universally liked and will be a godsend for the P.R. staff.
								Does not look the part -- lacks ideal height and weight tends to fluctuate (nicknamed ?Fat Boy? by teammates). Throws with a low elbow and sails downfield throws -- can improve his accuracy. Inconsistent decision-making. Did not take snaps under center in a pistol, read-option offense and production was inflated by NFL-caliber skill players. Will require patience adapting to pro-style passing. Needs to quicken his eyes and expand his field vision. Does not always see the overhanging safety or short-hole defender. Tends to read first and second options before fleeing the pocket. Durability could be a concern given his style -- needs to learn to slide.
							
2014	Lorenzo Taliaferro	2543704	RB	Coastal Carolina	2013: Second-team FCS All-American and first-team All-Big South selection. Finished 11th in voting for Walter Payton Award. Was named Big South Offensive Palyer of the Week five times, matching a league record. Set school records with 1,729 rushing yards, 27 rushing touchdowns, 1,882 all-purpose yards and 29 total touchdowns. 2012: Played in 12 games and made three starts. 2011: Was named second-team All-Northeast Football Conference while at Lackawanna Junior College. 2010: Played in 10 of 11 games for Lackawanna Junior College. High school: Rushed for 1,678 yards and 21 touchdowns as a senior, leading team to the state championship game. Was third player from Coastal Carolina to play in the Senior Bowl (joining Jerome Simpson and Josh Norman).	Outstanding size. Very good production. Is patient and follows his blocks. Finds creases and is adept navigating through traffic without losing speed -- good eyes. Nice spin move. Competes hard. Strong short-yardage producer. Runs hard and usually falls forward. Catches outside his frame. Helps chip in pass protection and is alert to see the blitz. Good football intelligence and awareness.
								Limited speed to the outside. Monotone runner who takes time to get rolling downhill. Much of his production is blocked for him. Plays in a spread offense where he is usually moving laterally at the snap and not stepping downhill. Stiff route runner. Regularly matched up against lesser competition.
							
2014	Weston Richburg	2543705	C	Colorado St.	Started all 50 games he played in, which was a school record. 2013: First-team All-MWC selection after starting 14 games at center. 2012: Honorable mention All-MWC pick after starting 12 games at center. 2011: Second-team All-MWC pick after starting all 12 games (10 at center, two at tackle). 2010: Honorable mention All-MWC pick after starting all 12 games (three at guard, nine at center). 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played quarterback and linebacker as freshman before growing out of the position. 	Good snap-and-step quickness. Maneuvers to gain positioning. Good mobility -- gets out of the chute quickly as a puller and demonstrates nice body control. Good awareness. Energetic and aggressive temperament. Durable, 49-game starter. Vocal team leader with outstanding intangibles. Two-time team captain.
								Lacks ideal girth and could be stressed by widebody nose tackles. Average hip snap -- lacks body power to blow defensive tackles off the ball. Lacks elite athleticism to execute reach blocks. Can improve grip strength to better control defenders (average sustain) -- slides off some blocks. Inconsistent contact balance, especially at the second level where he can be more efficient connecting and fitting. 
							
2014	Shamar Stephen	2543706	DT	Connecticut	2013: Second-team All-American Conference pick after starting in all 11 games. 2012: Played in 10 games, started in nine, but missed the first two games with a sprained knee. 2011: Played in all 12 games. 2010: Played in 12 games and started in eight. 2009: Redshirted.	Terrific size. Very athletic for a big man. Generally plays on his feet. Occupies blocks. Flashes the ability to lock out and reestablish the line of scrimmage. Has raw tools to work with. Scheme versatile. Solid personal and football character. Team captain.
								Lethargic get-off. Average eyes, instincts and recognition (doesn?t sense screen). Needs to go to school on blocking schemes and learn to fight pressure. Could stand to play with more violence in his hands -- feels his way through plays instead of imposing force. Linear, vanilla rusher (just five career sacks). Moved by double teams. Compete level leaves something to be desired. Disappears for stretches.
							
2014	Jaylen Watkins	2543707	CB	Florida	2013: Played in 12 games and started in nine (three at cornerback and six at safety). 2012: Played in 13 games and started in 11. 2011: Played in 13 games and started in eight. 2010: Played in 10 games, playing mostly as a gunner on punt returns. High school: Played quarterback and cornerback. Ran track and advanced to state championships in the 400-meter relay.	Nice size for a cornerback. Good fluidity and movement skills. Alert in zones. Flashes some playmaking ability. Versatile -- lines up as a corner, safety and nickel defender and plays on all special teams. Brother, Sammy, projects as a top-10 pick.
								Thin-framed, small-boned and short-armed with minimal muscular development. Lacks ideal size and strength for a safety and quickness and burst for a corner. Average press strength to re-route receivers. Allows separation at break points -- late to transition out of his pedal. Too grabby. Selective hitter -- shows up in spurts. Not a physical tackler. Tends to propel his shoulder into ball carriers and needs to do a better job securing tackles. 
							
2014	Jon Halapio	2543708	OG	Florida	Started in 43 of 51 games played, with 36 consecutive starts in last three seasons. 2013: Started 10 of 10 games at right guard. Missed first two games with torn pectoral. 2012: Started all 13 games at right guard. Was named SEC Offensive Lineman of the week against Vanderbilt. 2011: Started all 13 games at right guard. 2010: Played in 12 games, starting at right guard in seven. 2009: Medical redshirt.	Naturally thick with big hands. Can drive block and is effective when he has an angle. Functional anchor. Provides adequate three-step drop protection. Has a warrior?s mentality -- played through an 80 percent tear of his pectoral as a senior. Made 43 career starts. Highly respected team captain.
								Tightly wound -- struggles reacting to movement, changing direction and recovering. Does not generate power through his hips. Poor contact balance. Empties the chamber with initial punch and cannot recoil. Hands and feet do not work in unison. Opens the gate in pass protection. Unsudden to clear his feet and pull. Limited blocking range.
							
2014	Solomon Patton	2543709	WR	Florida	2013: Second-team All-SEC pick as a return specialist. Played in all 13 games with eight starts. Led team in receptions (44), yards (556) and touchdowns (6) while being voted team MVP. Was first Florida wide receiver with six or more receiving touchdowns since Riley Cooper had nine in 2009. 2012: Played in the first eight games before suffering a broken arm on an awkward tackle against Georgia. 2011: Played in all 13 games, mostly on special teams. 2010: Played in 10 games and was a big contributor on special teams. Blocked a punt and returned another for a touchdown.	Good short-area burst and acceleration. Adjusts well to the thrown ball and stabs it out of the air. Extends outside his frame and catches the ball cleanly. Quick to turn upfield and displays fine vision and run instincts to create and elude tacklers. Is very tough for his size and can withstand a hit.
								Small-framed and lacks run strength. Small catching radius. Gets overwhelmed in the run game as a blocker and barely gets in the way. 
							
2014	Christian Jones	2543710	ILB	Florida St.	Two-time second-team All-ACC pick (2012-13). 2013: Played in 13 games and made 12 starts. Was suspended for Bethune-Cookman game for a violation of team rules. Made seven tackles in the BCS Championship against Auburn. 2012: Started all 14 games at WILL linebacker. Led team with 95 tackles and had team's only defensive touchdown of the season at South Florida. 2011: Started all 13 games at SAM linebacker. Was second on the team with 56 tackles. 2010: Played in all 14 games as true freshman on special teams with spot duty at linebacker. Recipient of the Devaughn Darling Award, given to the team's top freshman on defense.	Looks the part. Physical tackler. Highly athletic. Fast and rangy -- flows laterally and chases sideline to sideline. Willing to take on lead blocks. Drops easily into zone and gets depth. Able to match with tight ends in coverage. Versatile -- has played Will, Sam and defensive end. Looked more explosive off the edge as a senior. Uses his arms and hands to press, tug and rip free. Good flexibility and agility to flatten and shows closing burst to the quarterback. Four-down utility and core special-teams potential. Tough, durable, three-year starter. Loves football and works at it.
								Is a bit high-waisted. Average instincts slow his play speed -- still developing diagnostic skills. Hesitates to read and react. Can be more physical at the point of attack. Tends to slip or run around blocks. Needs to improve hand use. Does not jolt blockers and too often gets stuck. Short initial steps as a rush end. Could stand to improve pass-rush arsenal. Power element is missing. Average production -- does not leave his imprint on enough games.
							
2014	Telvin Smith	2543711	ILB	Florida St.	2013: Second-team All-ACC pick in only season as a starter at Florida State. 2012: Played in all 14 games as backup linebacker. 2011: Played in 12 games, starting once. Played on special teams and at middle linebacker. 2010: Played on special teams.	Fiery on-field emotional leader. Plays with passion and it shows -- beelines to the ball and brings energy to the defense. Very good eyes, anticipation and instincts -- sniffs out screens, takes good cut-off angles and negotiates through traffic easily. Plays downhill and often arrives behind the line of scrimmage before ball carriers see him. Outstanding functional football-playing speed. Fluid mover. Outstanding closing speed to the ball. Reliable open-field tackler -- runs through contact. Good coverage skill -- shadows receivers and has a feel for zones. Very likeable, gregarious personality that can unite a locker room and command the LB group. Has been very durable (despite lack of thickness). Has learned what it means to work, and football comes easy to him. 
								Despite contributing immediately in college, has been only a one-year full-time starter. Wiry and needs to add bulk to his narrow frame to withstand the rigors of NFL contact -- is almost built like a free safety. Is not a strong, drive-through tackler -- tends to go low. Average hand use and play strength. Could struggle matching up with bigger, more physical tight ends.
							
2014	Terrence Brooks	2543712	FS	Florida St.	2013: Second-team All-ACC selection. Played and started in 13 games, missing one game due to concussion. 2012: Started all 14 games. 2011: Played 12 games. Made an interception in the end zone to clinch a bowl game win over Notre Dame. 2010: Played in 10 games, mostly on special teams. 	Fluid and flexible. Pedals and transitions smoothly. Good play speed and range. Patrols zones with awareness and anticipation to react to threats. Keys quickly, trusts his eyes and does not hesitate. Aggressive in run support -- swoops down with urgency, runs the alley and plays with abandon. Confident and energetic. Tough and durable. Profiles as a core special-teams player. Solid personal and football character.
								Inconsistent tackler -- arrives out of control, does not always see what he hits and will miss some tackles seeking the knockout blow. Is built like a cornerback, sustained a concussion as a senior and durability could be an issue given his aggressive playing style. Minimal production on the ball -- was not a playmaker. Has average hands and leaves some INTs on the field. Could stand to add some body armor and get stronger.
							
2014	Marcel Jensen	2543713	TE	Fresno St.	2013: Second-team All-MWC selection after playing in all 13 games and making nine starts. Had career bests in receptions (26) and receiving yards (353). 2012: Honorable mention All-MWC pick after playing in all 13 games and making eight starts. Led team with a 17.0 yards-per-catch average. 2011: Played in 10 games, starting in one. 2010: Appeared in two games. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played defensive end as a senior. Was also a standout basketball player, earning defensive basketball player of the year honors, league most valuable player runner-up, first-team all-league and first team all-city.	Looks every bit the part with outstanding size, including vines for arms. Big target. Smooth off the line for his size. Surprising speed to stretch the field. Can use physicality and his frame to outmuscle smaller DBs. Can adjust to throws and has good hands. Turns upfield with a head of steam. Gets after it in the run game -- engages with leverage and works to position, sustain and finish. Lines up in-line and flexed. Smart and coachable. Arrow pointing up.
								Needs to get stronger -- has untapped body power and potential as an in-line blocker. Shows some hip tightness in his route running. Is more advanced with linear routes than sharp-breaking patterns. Ordinary creativity and elusiveness. Relatively raw -- still honing technique and developing positional instincts and nuances. At times looks like he?s thinking instead of reacting. Average production.
							
2014	Arthur Lynch	2543714	TE	Georgia	2013: First-team All-SEC selection after playing in 12 games and making 11 starts. 2012: Played in all 14 games and made 13 starts. Earned the team's Most Improved Player award. 2011: Played in all 14 games with one start. 2010: Redshirted. 2009: Played in 11 games with one start.	Good size. Functional short-to-intermediate target. Can adjust to throws and extend to catch. Strong and competitive after the catch. Willing to engage and compete as an in-line blocker. Has special-teams experience. Hardworking and football smart. Tough and durable. Team captain.
								Needs to develop more finishing strength -- not yet ready to match physically 1-on-1 with NFL defensive ends. Can improve his base and leverage. Average quickness off the line. Pedestrian foot speed. Tight hips. Unsudden -- cannot separate. Shaky hands (too many drops). Needs to improve his route running. Straight-linish after the catch. Thinks he?s better than he is.
							
2014	Jerick McKinnon	2543715	RB	Georgia Southern	2013: Played in 10 games and made nine starts, with five at quarterback and four at running back. 2012: Started all 14 games and rushed for 1,817 yards, third all-time for a season in school history. 2011: Played in 13 games with seven starts. 2010: Played in 10 of 15 games with one start.	Good athlete. Outstanding weight-room strength -- bench-presses twice his weight and squats three times his weight. Tough runner -- slams hard inside and usually falls forward. Good versatility. Superb worker. Efficient cut blocker.
								Average size and run strength -- not a tackle-breaker. Runs a bit upright. Average burst to the perimeter. Not a creative, make-you-miss runner. Very limited career receiving production (10 career catches). Not stout in pass protection.
							
2014	Lavelle Westbrooks	2543716	CB	Georgia Southern	2013: Second-team All-Southern Confernece after starting in all 10 games played. Recorded two interceptions. 2012: Played in 13 games and started 12. Had a 72-yard interception return for a touchdown against Samford. 2011: Played in 13 games and started 12. 2010: Played in 13 games, starting in seven. 	Nice size and press strength. Functional in run support -- leverages the field and takes good angles. Solid, face-up tackler. Efficient pedal. Good plant and drive. Aggressive jumping routes when he sees it. Good closing speed.
								Instincts are still developing. Loses phase in transition. Average production on the ball. Regularly matched up against inferior competition. 
							
2014	Jeremiah Attaochu	2543717	OLB	Georgia Tech	2013: Third-team AP All-American and second-team All-ACC selection. Started all 13 games at defensive end, and posted 10.5 sacks in last six games including four against Georgia. Moved from a 3-4 linebacker to 4-3 defensive end before season. 2012: Honorable mention All-ACC pick. Started 13 games, but missed Middle Tennessee State game due to injury. 2011: Honorable mention All-ACC selection. Played in 11 games with 10 starts. Missed the Maryland and Virginia games due to a lower leg injury. 2010: Played in 12 games and started the Independence Bowl against Air Force. Misc.: Born in Ibadan, Nigeria. Started playing football as a freshman in high school because, "I got tired of just watching it."	Good burst off the snap. Heats up the edge and runs the arc. Quick inside move. Disruptive ability. Motor runs hot -- keeps coming after the quarterback and chases hard from the back side. Moves well laterally and can zone drop. Has experience in even and odd fronts, having played defensive end and stand-up linebacker. Power-leverage potential. Mature and intelligent. Cares about the game and prepares like a pro. Arrow pointing up (will be a 21-year-old rookie).
								Lacks elite length, athleticism and top-end speed. Needs to get stronger. Gets knocked around at the point of attack. Controlled by larger blockers when they get their hands on him. Still developing pop and violence in his hands. Still learning to incorporate power into his rush (more effortful than powerful). Needs to cultivate his pass-rush arsenal.
							
2014	Tyler Ott	2543718	LS	Harvard	Was Harvard's primary long snapper for three seasons. 2013: Recorded 15 receptions for 188 yards and four touchdowns. 2012: Played in 10 games. 2011: Played in nine games as a tight end and long snapper. 2010: Played in nine games as a blocking tight end and on special teams. High school: Played in three state championship games, winning one. Was a Wendy?s High School Heisman nominee.	Functional size. Good ball placement and accuracy. Hustles and competes. Extremely smart. Solid pedigree. 
								Marginal speed, agility and tackling range. Average base strength. Not nuanced vs. top competition.
							
2014	Jonathan Brown	2543719	OLB	Illinois	Two-time honorable mention All-Big Ten pick (2011, 2013). Recorded 45.5 career tackles for loss, the third most in school history. 2013: Started all 12 games, and led team in tackles (119), tackles for loss (15), and sacks (5). 2012: Played in nine games, starting seven, and missing the final three with a shoulder injury. 2011: Played in 12 games, starting in 11. Led team wiht 108 tackles. 2010: Played in 12 games. 	Nice arm length for his size. Athletic with good feet. Quick to shoot gaps. Natural bender who moves very well laterally. Excellent range -- thrives in pursuit. Productive tackler who flashes pop on contact. Has special-teams experience. Football smart. Good weight-room work ethic. Three-year starter. Was a 21-year-old senior.
								Safety size. Shoddy instincts and eye discipline. Does not play a big man?s game -- skirts blocks instead of taking on with force. Unschooled to blocking schemes. Leaky contain player. Loses gap integrity, takes some inaccurate angles and runs himself out of position to make plays. Effectiveness wanes in traffic. Struggles in man coverage and zone awareness is limited. Intermittent intensity and urgency. Uneven performance.
							
2014	Christian Kirksey	2543720	OLB	Iowa	Started final 38 games of college career. 2013: Honorable mention All-Big Ten selection after starting all 13 games. Returned a fumble 52 yards for a touchdown against Northern Illinois. 2012: Started all 12 games, 11 at outside linebacker and at WILL linebacker against Michigan. Returned two interceptions for touchdowns. 2011: Started all 13 games, seven at WILL linebacker and the final six at outside linebacker. 2010: Played in 11 games, but did not play in Insight Bowl against Missouri due to an injury.	Agile and athletic. Flows to the ball when he has a clear path. Experience in space and over the slot. Has terrific personal and football character, including leadership traits. Two-time captain. Was a 21-year-old senior.
								Undersized -- lacks ideal length and bulk. Looks like a safety at first glance. Outmuscled at the point of attack -- gets stuck on blocks and covered up. Average eyes and instincts. Needs to be schemed free as a blitzer. Not a playmaker -- just 3.5 sacks and 9.5 TFL in three seasons.
							
2014	C.J. Fiedorowicz	2543721	TE	Iowa	2013: First-team All-Big Ten. Finished season with career-high six touchdowns. 2012: Honorable mention All-Big Ten selection. Started all 12 games. 2011: Played in all 13 games and made five starts. 2010: Played in all 13 games. 	Has outstanding size and big hands. Has size to widen the hole or seal defensive ends. Good balance and body control for his size. Surprising lower-body flexibility to sink his hips to run sharp-angle routes. Has stature and enough speed to threaten the seam. Understands how to use his frame and physicality to create subtle separation. Makes athletic hands catches off his frame. Sizable catch radius. Shows toughness and concentration in traffic. Lowers his shoulder to deliver a blow after the catch. Can line up in-line or split out. Smart and durable.
								Builds to average speed. Fairly straight-linish athlete. Not elusive after the catch. Can improve as a move blocker and develop more of a mean streak to finish blocks. Average production. Could stand to adopt a more blue-collar work ethic when people aren?t watching -- is not a self-starter and has been able to cruise on his rare size and natural ability.
							
2014	Kirby Van Der Kamp	2543722	P	Iowa St.	Had 289 career punts at Iowa State, the most in Big 12 history. Recorded a 42.4 yards-per-punt average, the second in school history. Was 7-for-7 on fake punt attempts. Was a two-time second-team All-Big 12 pick (2012-13) and two-time honorable mention All-Big 12 pick (2010-11). 2013: Had 17 punts of 50 or more yards, and 27 punts went inside the 20-yard line. 2012: Had 29 punts land inside the 20-yard line, with only two touchbacks. Also had 10 punts of 50 or more yards. 2011: Had 21 of 68 punts land inside the 20, with 15 punts of 50 or more yards. 2010: Averaged 45.2 yards per punt, second in school history. High school: Also played goalie on high school soccer team and was named first-team All-Iowa Conference. 	Precision accuracy and ball placement -- can drill the coffin corner. Very good athlete. Catches cleanly. Whip-legged (good speed) to hang it high and drive it far. Smart, competitive and hardworking. Experienced four-year starter. 
								Average tackler. Production dropped off as a senior.
							
2014	Marcus Heit	2543723	LS	Kansas St.	Perfect on all 363 snaps during college career. 2013: Played in 12 games and was perfect on all 111 snaps. 2012: Played in 12 games and was perfect on all 124 snaps. 2011: Played in 12 of 13 games and was perfect on all 128 snaps. 2010: Did not play. 2009: Redshirted. 	Good size. Functional ball velocity. Fine accuracy and placement. Works at his craft. Is tough and will play through pain.
								Has very short arms. Marginal weight-room strength. Average athlete. Limited coverage speed and body control to break down in the open field and secure tackles. Marginal tackle production. No position versatility.
							
2014	Walt Aikens	2543724	CB	Liberty	2013: First-team All-Big South selection. Played in 12 games and started 10. Tied for team lead with 62 tackles. 2012: Second-team All-Big South. Played in all 11 games, starting 10. 2011: Second-team All-Big South. Started in all 11 games. Led conference with three forced fumbles. 2010: Dismissed from Illinois coach Ron Zook after arrest on felony possession of stolen property. Pled guilty to stealing a laptop computer and other electronics from a dormroom.	Outstanding size. Good press strength. Good athletic ability. Can keep stride with receivers down the field and ride the hip pocket in man coverage. Aggressive tackler (though often shoots low) -- led the team in tackles as a senior and is unafraid to mix it up. Takes on blocks with physicality and attacks the run. Adequate production on the ball. Has gunner experience.
								Is tight-hipped and lacks ideal foot speed, which creates separation in man coverage. Average instincts -- can be late to diagnose run-pass reads and locate the ball, is a tick slow to sort out routes and too easily lured by nods and fakes. Often plays into the boundary. Benefits from facing average competition. Character will require closer examination following dismissal from Illinois after a misdemeanor theft conviction.
							
2014	Marcus Smith	2543725	DE	Louisville	2013: AAC Defensive Player of the Year and first-team All-AAC. Recorded 14.5 sacks, second most in FBS. Had two sacks in Russell Athletic Bowl win over Miami (Fla.). 2012: Finished second on the team with four sacks and led team with seven tackles for loss. 2011: Played in 10 games, starting in five. 2010: Played in nine games at linebacker and on special teams. High school: Three-star prospect at quarterback by Rivals.com.	Nice bend, balance and body control. Good pass-rush ability and potential. Quick first step. Coordinated hands and feet. Athletic and agile -- can stunt and loop. Flashes a spin move. Shows burst to close and get home. Moves well laterally. Gives effort in pursuit and ranges all over the field. Operated from 2- and 3-point stance. Solid character. Is coachable and has improved steadily.
								Lacks ideal length -- plays short-armed and can be locked up by larger blockers. Short initial steps. Still crafting a wider array of counters and pass-rush moves. Still learning to convert speed to power. Work in progress as a run defender. Does not set a hard edge and can do a better job using his hands to disengage quicker. Needs to become a more violent hands fighter. Limited experience playing in reverse.
							
2014	Craig Loston	2543726	SS	LSU	2013: Honorable mention All-SEC pick after playing and starting in 10 games. Had an interception in bowl game against Iowa. 2012: Played in and started 12 games. 2011: Played in 10 games with no starts. 2010: Played in all 13 games with two starts. 2009: Played in two games on special teams before suffering a wrist injury. Received a medical redshirt. High school: Was the No. 1-ranked safety by Rivals.com. Was a first-team all-state pick while playing defensive back and wide receiver.	Very well-distributed weight -- packs it well. Good eyes and anticipation. Is aggressive playing the ball in front of him in zone coverage and buzzes quickly to the flat. Good route recognition. Can carry receivers deep and match up with tight ends in man coverage. Steps downhill and can secure open-field tackles. Is tough, sacrifices his body and will deliver some jarring hits. Helps line up the defense and make adjustments. Is noticeably the vocal leader of the secondary (very animated communicator). Versatile with good interchangeability. Gunner and jammer on special teams. Has NFL pedigree. Smart, hardworking and accountable. Very good football intelligence.
								Has short arms. Shows some hip tightness that restricts transitional quickness. Tends to rise in his pedal. Gives up separation in man coverage vs. receivers. Will seek the kill shot and can be overaggressive running the alley supporting the run. Can do a better job of driving through contact (not lunging and leaving his feet). Has a spotted injury history and has regularly missed time most years (though he is quick to rehabilitate).
							
2014	Lamin Barrow	2543727	OLB	LSU	2013: Second-team All-SEC selection after leading team with 91 tackles. 2012: Started all 13 games and finished second on the team with 104 tackles. 2011: Played in 13 games with one start. 2010: Played in 12 games with one start. 2009: Redshirted.	Knee bender. Uses his arms like flippers to ward off blocks on the move. Athletic and agile. Moves well laterally. Can redirect and chase. Drops easily into zone coverage and shows hip swivel and range. Tough and football smart. Highly respected and hardworking team captain. Has special-teams experience and traits. 
								Small-framed -- is short and lacks ideal bulk. Lacks elite speed for his size. Average eyes and instincts. Gives ground at the point of attack. Does not play downhill or make enough plays at/behind the line -- too much production is downfield. Leaves production on the field -- in position but does not finish. Overruns plays (loses contain). Sucked in by playaction. Not a striker.
							
2014	Rob Blanchflower	2543728	TE	Massachusetts	2013: Finished season with 313 yards receiving and three touchdowns. Missed three games due to injury. Finished college career with 1,164 receiving yards, the most ever for a UMass tight end. 2012: Played and started in 10 games, catching 43 passes for 464 yards and two touchdowns on the season, averaging 46.4 yards per game. 2011: Played and started in 10 games at tight end, and made 18 catches for 208 yards with one touchdown. 2010: Played all 11 games with four starts, making 21 catches for 179 yards with three touchdowns. 2009: Redshirted. 	Outstanding size. Competitive run blocker -- drives his legs and works to finish. Tough. Functional pass protector. Lays out for the ball and will sell out his body to make difficult catches. Good career production -- exits school as career receiving leader for a tight end. Smart. Solid special-teams temperament. Respected leader and two-time team captain. Four-year starter. 
								Average athletic ability. Can improve beating the jam. Not a quick or savvy route runner. Rounds out of his breaks and can do a better job selling routes with stems and nods. Creates little separation. Takes what he is given after the catch -- limited creativity and elusiveness. Inconsistent hands. Regularly matched up vs. lesser competition.
							
2014	Brandon Linder	2543729	OG	Miami	Started in 42 of 49 games played, and finished career with 37 consecutive starts. 2013: Second-team All-ACC pick at guard. Started all 13 games, with 10 starts at right guard and three at right tackle. Named team's offensive MVP. 2012: Started all 12 games at right guard. 2011: Played and started all 12 games. 2010: Played in 12 games, starting in five. Was named ACC Offensive Lineman of the Week against Georgia Tech. Took snaps at center, guard, offensive tackle and tight end.	Terrific size. Engages with urgency and works to gain positioning. Can lean and seal. Good hand placement. Functional anchor when his base and posture are technically sound. Ideal makeup to battle in the trenches. Plays with his head on a swivel -- alert to threats. Nasty finisher. Outstanding personal and football character. Smart vocal leader. Tough, durable and experienced (42 career starts). 
								Adequate athlete. Limited explosion -- cannot overpower defenders. Plays short-armed (average sustain). Tends to lunge and slip off blocks. Body control and contact balance wane in space and on the move. Is late to cut off linebackers and struggles the farther he has to go.
							
2014	Seantrel Henderson	2543730	OT	Miami	Started in 26 of 43 games played. Two-time honorable mention All-ACC pick (2012-13). 2013: Played in 12 games and started eight at right tackle. 2012: Played in 11 games and started the final seven at right tackle. 2011: Played in eight games with two starts after offseason back surgery. 2010: Played in 12 games with nine starts as a true freshman with most action coming at right tackle. Misc.: Suspended three times at Miami (Fla.) for violating team rules in 2011, an unspecified reason in spring practice 2012, and again for violating team rules in October of 2013.	Looks every bit the part with a rare-sized body that will make offensive line coaches drool -- broad-shouldered, big-boned, well-proportioned and thickly built. Athletic bender. Light-footed kick slide. Is a day trip to get around -- long arms aid recovery and enable him to push rushers wide of the pocket. Thwarts rushers with a heavy punch and sturdy base. Locks on and controls. Walls off and seals. Widens the hole. Gets to the second level with ease. Passes off stunts.
								Weight-room strength is not special given his size. Needs to strengthen his core -- affects body control, contact balance, sustain and finish. Spends too much time on the ground. Technique lapses -- needs to play with more consistent bend and leverage. Gets in trouble when his feet stall and is slow to shift his weight. Labors to execute reach blocks and is stressed by quick inside moves -- occasionally lets defenders cross his face. Struggles adjusting to moving targets in space. Should be more powerful than he is. Uneven performance. Underachiever traits. Suspect maturity, dependability and decision-making -- is easily led astray and was suspended multiple times.
							
2014	Stephen Morris	2543731	QB	Miami	Second quarterback in school history with multiple 3,000-yard seasons. 2013: Third-team All-ACC pick after starting all 13 games. 2012: Started all 12 games, an set a school record with 3,415 yards of total offense, eclipsing a mark previously set by Bernie Kosar (3,412) in 1984. 2011: Played in five games and starting one. 2010: Played in six game and started the final four.	Very good arm strength and athletic ability. Can move around the pocket and buy a second chance. Throws with velocity and can rifle the ball into tight spots. Can drill back-shoulder throws. Can adapt his arm and throwing platform and release it from a variety of angles under duress with ease. Has natural leadership traits.   
								Average overall size with a relatively thin build. Sporadic accuracy. Sprays the ball and struggles to hit receivers in stride (best with stationary targets). Does not throw his receivers open. Marginal timing, anticipation and rhythm. Struggles to handle pressure and presses to create plays -- eyes drop to the rush very quickly and vacates the pocket prematurely. Makes too many head-scratching decisions. Birddogs his primary target and will force the ball. Career 57.7 completion percentage is indicative of accuracy at all layers even with a clean pocket. Makes his receivers consistently work for the ball.
							
2014	Michael Schofield	2543732	OT	Michigan	Started in 36 of 52 games played. 2013: Honorable mention All-Big Ten pick after starting all 13 games at right tackle. 2012: Started all 13 games at right tackle. 2011: Played in all 13 games, starting in 10 at left guard. 2010: Played in all 13 games. 2009: Redshirted.	Good run blocker -- drives his legs on contact and generates some power through his lower body. Can steer, control and lock down defenders once he gets his hands on them. Good playing demeanor -- gets after it and seeks to finish. Is tough-minded and hardworking. Gritty competitor. 
								Not an explosive drive blocker who can clear holes with regularity. Average foot quickness. Tends to overextend and lunge in-line and on the move. Marginal reactive quickness and recovery speed for the outside. Exposed by edge speed (see Michigan State vs. Shilique Calhoun) -- cannot cut off the wide rush and struggles to handle quick, inside counters. Late to reach the second level.
							
2014	Gabe Jackson	2543733	OG	Mississippi St.	Started in all 52 games played. 2013: Became first offensive lineman to ever win Conerly Trophy, given to the top college player in Mississippi. First-team All-SEC selection after starting all 13 games at left guard. 2012: Second-team All-SEC selection after starting all 13 games at left guard. 2011: Started all 13 games at left guard. 2010: Freshman All-SEC pick after starting all 13 games at left guard. 2009: Redshirted. 	Excellent size with long arms and a thick lower body. Fundamentally sound with advanced technique. Quick out of his stance. Good anchor. Strong, efficient punch (can pop and recoil). Keeps his hands inside and controls defenders. Mirrors in pass protection. Walls off running lanes. Understands positioning and angles. Athletic enough to short pull effectively -- nice balance and body control for a big man. Good eyes, awareness and reactions. Smart and tough. Durable four-year starter and two-time captain. Professional makeup.
								Lacks explosive power to shock defenders. Does not blow defenders off the ball in the run game. Average overall athletic ability and lateral agility. Is unsudden and lacks elite recovery quickness. Occasionally fails to dig his heels in and gives ground vs. strong bull rushes. Stressed to cut off fast-flowing linebackers.
							
2014	Michael Sam	2543734	DE	Missouri	2013: First-team All-American, first-team All-SEC and a Bronko Nagurski Trophy finalist. Started all 14 games. AP SEC co-Defensive Player of the Year pick. 2012: Played in 12 games and started nine. 2011: Played in 13 games and started one. 2010: Played in 13 games and started one. 2009: Redshirted. High school: All-District as offensive lineman and defensive lineman as a junior and senior. Also lettered in track and powerlifting.	Good arm length. Anticipates the snap and has a very good initial first step. Plays hard -- gives great effort and competes every down. Good on-field intensity and demeanor. Attacks the edges aggressively and motor runs hot. Outstanding weight-room strength  -- can squat a small house.  Very durable. 
								Lacks burst and acceleration off the edge to get a step on blockers and finish. Sack production results from effort and production flushed to him and is not creatively produced with savvy pass-rush moves, speed, power or bend. Average hip flexibility and snap -- struggles clearing his hips at the top of his rush and trimming the corner. Adequate anchor vs. the run. Is late to disengage from blocks. Does not strike with authority. Inconsistent tackler. Late bloomer who could require time to adapt to the pro game. 
							
2014	Jordan Tripp	2543735	OLB	Montana	Two-time AP FCS All-American (2012-13) and two-time first-team All-Big Sky pick (2012-13). Was a third-generation football player at Montana. Father (Bryan) was a starting linebacker in 1989 and 1990. Grandfather (Gene) lettered at Montana in 1963-64.	Triggers fast downhill vs. the run. Diagnoses quickly and is around the ball a lot. Outstanding motor, intensity and effort. Extremely competitive. Very tough. Outstanding weight-room work ethic. Sculpted with very minimal body fat. Elected team captain. Exceptional character. Emergency long snapper (started all four years). Has a special-teams temperament. Takes the game very seriously. 
								Has short flappers and gets stuck on blocks. Can do a better job using his hands to stack and shed. Plays a bit too out of control. Tightness shows up in space trying to break down and secure open-field tackles (misses too many). Wound tight in coverage and not quick to redirect (allows separation). 
							
2014	Stanley Jean-Baptiste	2543736	CB	Nebraska	Converted from wide receiver to cornerback. 2013: Second-team All-Big Ten pick. Tied for most interceptions on team with four and led team with 12 pass breakups. 2012: Played in 14 games and started five. Led team with nine pass breakups and had a 48-yard interception return for a touchdown against Minnesota. 2011: Played in nine games and started one. 2010: Redshirted. Misc.: Following high school, Jean-Baptiste spent one at North Carolina Tech Prep with 36 receptions for 580 yards.	Outstanding size and length to mix it up with bigger receivers. Good balance and body control. Jumps routes. Has good hands to intercept and can highpoint throws. Flashes functional strength to reroute receivers, discard blocks and tackle ball carriers. Very productive on the ball in limited time as a starter -- 21 pass PBUs and 6 INTs in 17 starts at Nebraska. Works to get better and made strides as a senior.
								Stiff hips. Is not a quick-twitch athlete and struggles to mirror sudden receivers. Lacks elite top-end speed (long-strider). Green positional instincts. Picks and chooses his spots to be physical -- inconsistent run defender. Has tweener traits. Football aptitude is lacking -- could struggle to grasp and execute complex assignments. Will be a 24-year-old rookie.
							
2014	Joel Bitonio	2543737	OT	Nevada	Started in 36 of 51 games played. 2013: First-team All-MWC pick. 2012: Honorable mention All-MWC pick. 2011: Played 13 games and started 12. 2010: Played in 14 games. 2009: Redshirted.	Plays with vinegar and seeks to bury defenders -- nasty finisher who runs his feet on contact and consistently blocks defenders off the screen. Extremely tough and durable. Highly versatile -- can play any position on the line. Outstanding personal character and football character -- work ethic, leadership and responsibility are all exemplary.
								Tends to shoot his hands wide and needs to improve placement -- too grabby. Slips off blocks and could stand to play more under control. Operated heavily out of a 2-point stance and might need to get acclimated to playing with his hand in the dirt. Average knee bend in pass protection. 
							
2014	Kareem Martin	2543738	DE	North Carolina	2013: First-team All-ACC pick. Finished tied for eighth in FBS with 11.5 sacks. Started all 13 games at defensive end. 2012: Second-team All-ACC after starting all 12 games. 2011: Started all 13 games. 2010: Played in 11 games, including starting the first three games of the season.	Good eyes and recognition -- senses screens, locates the ball and understands contain. Strong-handed to punch and extend. Uses his length to force his way into gaps. Flashes power potential. Nice closing speed. Wrap tackler. Football smart. Durable three-year starter. Solid personal and football character with leadership traits. Team captain.
								Needs to bulk up and get functionally stronger. Has tapered legs and is not stout at the point of attack -- does not generate power through his lower half and is too easily displaced. Pad level fluctuates. Needs to improve as a hands fighter. Can do a better job protecting his legs. Average get-off -- pops up off the snap and initial steps are unthreatening. Rush lacks variety. Does not accelerate off blocks or consistently bend the corner. Occasionally loafs on the back side. Tweener traits.
							
2014	Dontae Johnson	2543739	CB	N.C. State	2013: Started all 12 games, with five at cornerback and seven at free safety. 2012: Started all 13 games. 2011: Played in 13 games and started two at linebacker in a 4-2-5 lineup. 2010: Played in 12 games and started one.	Good balance and athleticism. Can run with tight ends in coverage. Good zone awareness. Efficient plant-and-drive. Nice length to compete in the air. Sets a hard edge as a force player -- works to get off blocks, throws his weight around and tackles aggressively. Has played safety, cornerback, nickel and special teams. Smart and hardworking.
								Is lean and needs to bulk up and get stronger. Has short arms and small hands. Lacks elite top-end speed (struggled mightily to contain Clemson WR Sammy Watkins). Hesitates to diagnose from depth and takes some inaccurate angles. Shows tightness in transition. Struggles to break down and tackle in space. Ordinary ball production.
							
2014	Billy Turner	2543740	OT	North Dakota St.	Started in 56 of 57 career games. Two-time AP FCS All-American (2012-13) and two-time first-team All-Missouri Valley (2012-13) selection. 2013: Started all 15 games. 2012: Started all 15 games. 2011: Started 14 games, missing the season opener. 2010: Played 13 games and started in 12. High school: All-state lineman. Was also a pitcher and first baseman on baseball team. Father, Maurice (running back), was drafted in 1983 by the Vikings. Brother, Bryan Kehl (linebacker), was drafted by the Giants in 2008.	Big hands and nice length. Light on his feet. Flashes strength in his punch. Tries to run his feet on contact. Is athletic enough to fan the rush when all his moving parts are coordinated. Aware to handle stunts. Energetic playing temperament -- competes and blocks to the whistle. Four-year starter for the nation's preeminent I-AA program. Smart, hardworking and dependable. Has NFL bloodlines.
								Needs to improve his core strength and fortify his base. Plays too tall and narrow-based -- pad level fluctuates. Does not explode on contact. Footwork and technique need refinement. Carries his hands low. Tends to overextend and bend at the waist. Average contact balance and body control. Slides off blocks. Struggles to clear his feet as a puller. Inconsistent connecting and sustaining on the second level.
							
2014	Jimmie Ward	2543741	SS	Northern Illinois	2013: Third-team All-American, first-team All-MAC, and a semifinalist for the Jim Thorpe Award. 2012: First-team All-MAC pick after starting all 13 games. Made 14 tackles in Orange Bowl against Florida State. 2011: First-team All-MAC pick after playing in 14 games and starting 12. Made six tackles and had an interception in the MAC Championship Game against Ohio. 2010: Played in 13 games, and set a school record with three blocked punts. 	Flies around the field. Aggressive run supporter. Shoots downhill and chops down ball carriers. Breaks on throws and shows short-area burst to close. Has quick hands to snatch interceptions. Confident and energetic. Productive -- registered 300 tackles and 11 INTs in three seasons as a starter. Has a special-teams mentality and four blocked kicks to his credit.
								Size is just adequate -- lacks ideal bulk and is built more like a cornerback than a safety. Can be a tick late diagnosing pass, gaining depth and digesting route combos. Lacks elite top-end speed. Has man-coverage limitations. Inconsistent downfield ball reactions with his back to the throw. Limited functional strength to discard blockers when he gets snagged. Shows lower-body stiffness in space. Has some maturing to do and needs to learn what it means to prepare like a pro. Could rub some people the wrong way.
							
2014	Kain Colter	2543742	WR	Northwestern	Started 28 games in career (25 at quarterback and three at wide receiver). 2013: Played in 11 games with 10 starts. 2012: Started all 13 games, with 12 starts at quarterback and one at wide receiver against Indiana. 2011: Played in 13 games with six starts. Started at quarterback against Boston College, Eastern Illinois and Army. Started at wide receiver against Iowa, Indiana and Nebraska. 2010: Played in three games as a backup quarterback. Misc.: Father, Spencer, played at Colorado and was on 1990 national championship team.	Well-defined body with big, soft hands. Good short-area burst, quickness, agility and balance. Can work his way through zones and uncover underneath. Can stop on a dime and string some moves together. Good run vision and creativity to navigate through traffic. Extremely competitive.  Highly intelligent and football smart. Articulate communicator. Adds intriguing versatility as a triggerman. Good pedigree -- coach's son.
								Has short arms. Adequate run strength -- does not power through tackles. Can improve using his hands to beat the jam. Lacks elite top-end speed to separate vertically. Has a lot of room to improve as a perimeter blocker. 
							
2014	Carlos Hyde	2543743	RB	Ohio St.	2013: Big Ten Running Back of the Year and first-team All-Big Ten pick. Was suspended for the first three games for being a "person of interest" in an assault investigation. Finished season with 100-plus rushing yards in nine consecutive games. 2012: Second-team All-Big Ten selection. Played in 10 games, missing two with an ankle injury. 2011: Played in all 13 games, and had first two 100-yard rushing games of career. 2010: Played in seven games. 2009: Spent 2009 at Fork Union Military Academy. 	Very well built -- looks every bit the part. Outstanding size, explosive power and run strength -- can be his own blocker and create his own holes. Punishes linebackers running downhill and almost always falls forward. Superb contact balance and finishing strength -- does not go down easily and can barrel through arm tackles. Extremely powerful short-yardage/goal-line runner. Gets better with a lather as the game progresses. Took over the game in the fourth quarter vs. Northwestern (2013) and willed team to victory. Surprisingly quick in short spaces and can plant hard and go. Is solid in pass protection and can stonewall blitzers in their tracks. Good awareness and anticipation to react to stunts and adjust to movement. Soft hands-catcher. 
								Lacks elite breakaway speed. Average elusiveness and make-you-miss. Is still learning what it means to really work and be a pro -- entered program with some underachiever traits early in career. Weight fluctuated earlier in his career and needs to pay more attention to nutrition. Has missed at least two games in three seasons.
							
2014	Jack Mewhort	2543744	OT	Ohio St.	Started in 38 of 49 career games played. Has played left guard, right guard and left tackle in college career. 2013: Third-team All-American and second-team All-Big Ten pick after playing in 14 games and starting 13 at left tackle. 2012: Honorable mention All-Big Ten selection after starting all 12 games at left tackle. 2011: Honorable mention All-Big Ten selection after starting all 13 games (five starts at left guard and eight at right guard). 2010: Played in 10 games. 2009: Redshirted. Misc.: Lost scholarship for summer of 2012 after being arrested and pleading guilty to disorderly conduct for public urination and running from the police (along with TE Jake Stoneburner).	Good size. Engages with urgency. Reestablishes the line of scrimmage in the run game. Can drive block, widen the hole and seal lanes. Stout base -- good anchor strength. Plays with a load in his hands to jar defenders. Locks on and controls. Good enough feet to slide and mirror. Alert to stunts and blitzes. Versatile. Has an ideal temperament for the trenches -- breathes fire. Smart, tough and competitive. Three-year starter. Is passionate about the game and works at his craft. Highly respected vocal leader and team captain.
								Has a soft midsection. Stronger than he is explosive. Lacks ideal length and foot quickness for the left side (not a dancing bear). Vulnerable to strong bull rush when he gets tall and narrow-based. Occasionally gets top-heavy and slips off blocks. Average blocking range. Tight hips and ankles show when he pulls or climbs to the second level. Struggles to cut off fast-flowing linebackers. Lets his pads rise outside the phone booth. 
							
2014	Jalen Saunders	2543745	WR	Oklahoma	2013: Second-team All-Big 12 selection. Started in 13 games. 2012: First season at Oklahoma after transferring once Tim Deruyter replaced Pat Hill at Fresno State. Played in nine games with eight starts after becoming eligible midway through the season. 2011: First-team All-WAC pick after playing in 13 games with eight starts. Led the WAC with 12 touchdown receptions. 2010: Played in 13 games with one start. 	Light on his feet with a fluid stride. Good balance and body control. Nifty, conscientious route runner. Has speed and twitch to separate vs. man coverage -- sinks his hips with ease and pops out of breaks. Quick, soft hands. Slippery after the catch. Eludes the first tackler and can turn a short throw into a long gain if he gets a step. Three punt-return TDs in 25 returns at OU -- eludes the first wave, runs to daylight and can take it the distance. 
								Marginal size. Cannot play outside -- is easily knocked off course and needs a free release. Lets throws into his body. Small catch radius. Lacks elite top-end vertical speed, especially for his size (averaged just 12.0 yards per catch as a senior). Outmuscled in a crowd. Limited run strength. Lets throws into his body. Weak blocker -- gets ragdolled outside. Durability could be a concern -- is not built to take a pounding.
							
2014	Josh Huff	2543746	WR	Oregon	Two-time honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick (2012-13). 2013: Played in 13 games and made 12 starts. Matched Oregon record for most touchdown receptions in a season with 12 (Jeff Maehl, 2010). Also had six games with 100-plus yards receiving. 2012: Played in and started 11 games. 2011: Played in 12 games and made 10 starts. 2010: Played in all 13 games and made two starts. High school: Played quarterback, wide receiver and cornerback.	Nice size with a lean, tight-skinned body. Very athletic with natural balance and body control. Good speed and a fluid stride. Soft, quick hands to extend and snatch throws off his frame. Makes contested grabs. Can take a hit and hang on. Settles in zone pockets. Creates after the catch -- competitive, elusive and strong. Playmaking ability -- averaged 18.4 yards per catch as a senior. Gets after it as a blocker -- works to position, fit and sustain. Desirable temperament -- determined, tough and confident. Has special-teams experience returning and covering kicks. Works hard and wants to be coached.
								Could stand to get stronger. Was not pressed at Oregon. Lacks elite explosion and top speed to pull away vertically. Limited route tree. Could stand to refine his route running. Lets some throws into his body and tends to trap some. Not a go-up-and-get-it guy (average leaping ability). Is relatively na<U+653C><U+3E66>ve through no fault of his own and off-field maturation is a work in progress. Could require emotional support and professional mentorship in order to avoid the pitfalls of NFL trappings.
							
2014	Taylor Hart	2543747	DE	Oregon	2013: Second-team All-Pac-12 pick after playing in 13 games and starting 12. 2012: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection after playing in all 13 games and making 12 starts. 2011: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick after starting in all 14 games. 2010: Played in all 13 games as an interior lineman. 2009: Redshirted.	Terrific size and length. Good eyes and awareness. Plays on his feet. Holds his ground at the point. Gains extension and can stack and shed. Collapses the pocket. Good range and pursuit effort. Closes hard. Strong wrap tackler (very good production) -- snares ball carriers and drags them to the turf. Good soldier who falls in line willingly and has clean character. Three-year starter.
								Could stand to add bulk to his frame and get functionally stronger. Average athlete. Not explosive. Ordinary get-off -- takes short initial steps and exposes his frame off the snap. Needs to play with more consistent pad level. Fairly linear rusher. Limited shoulder flexibility to dip and bend the edge. Stiffness shows in space.
							
2014	Caraun Reid	2543748	DT	Princeton	Two-time third-team FCS All-American (2012-13) and three-time first-team All-Ivy League (2011-13). 2013: Finalist for Ivy League Defensive Player of the Year award. Was Princeton's first two-time All-American in 20 years. Started in all 10 games. 2012: Started in nine games, missing the Penn game due to an injury. 2011: Played in 10 games with nine starts. 2010: Started one game before suffereing season-ending pectoral injury, and then redshirted. 2009: Played in 10 games. Misc.: One of four bass singers in a cappella group Old NasSoul.	Very quick off the ball. Disruptive shooting gaps and working half a blocker. Active and energetic -- feet are always running. Plays hard and competes. Very good sack production from the interior (20.5 career sacks). Good intelligence. Is very young (entered college as 17-year-old freshman) and still growing into his body -- has physical upside. Good length and hand-eye coordination -- 7 career blocked kicks. Co-captain.
								Tends to stand straight up, negating his quickness and power out of the gate. Is not stout and can be waylaid by the double team. Marginal upper-body strength (diminished from 2011 pectoral surgery). Shows little feel for blocking pressure and can be late to locate the ball. Can do a better job protecting his legs. Pushed around too easily. Durability issues have crept up throughout his career.
							
2014	Chris  Boswell	2543749	K	Rice	Finished just two points shy  of setting the Rice career scoring record. Two-time second-team All-Conference USA (2012-13) selection. 2013: Played in all 14 games. Made a 56-yard field goal against Kansas. 2012: Was a Groza Award semifinalist. Played in all 13 games. Set school record for field goals (23) and total points (114). Led the nation with six field goals of 50-plus yards. 2011: Was a Groza Award semifinalist.  Played in all 12 games. 2010: Played in all 12 games. Made four field goals against North Texas (including two from 50-plus yards).	Very good leg strength to convert consistently beyond 50 yards, with 13 career 50-yard-plus field goals. Consistently drives the ball through the end zone on kickoffs. Has proven he can handle pressure. Works at his craft. Confident approach. Outstanding career production -- Rice career record-holder in many categories. Four-year starter.
								Marginal rise, lift and hang-time on kickoffs. Tends to line the ball with a low trajectory. Could stand to hasten his approach (8 career missed extra-point attempts). Has a quirky follow-through.
							
2014	Jeff Janis	2543750	WR	Saginaw Valley St.	Two-time Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference Offensive Back of the Year and two-time first-team AP Little All-American (2012-13) pick. 2013: Led Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference (GLIAC) in most major receiving categories after posting 83 receptions for 1,572 yards and 14 touchdowns. 2012: Started in all 11 games, and his 1,635 receiving yards were the most in Division II. 2011: Played in 11 games and started eight. Led team with 968 receiving yards. 2010: Played in 10 games and started six. 2009: Redshirted.	Exceptional measurables and leaping ability -- will test through the roof. Accelerates into routes quickly and can separate vertically and uncover underneath working short-to-intermediate zones. Terrific production -- carves up lesser competition and creates chunk plays. Good red-zone target. Exceptional work ethic. Outstanding football character. Very passionate about the game.
								Has very small, inconsistent hands -- will cradle the ball and use his body. Is not a nuanced route runner. Does not attack the ball in the air and will give up some break points. Not strong after the catch and will look for a soft landing spot. Can be fazed by traffic. Regularly faced Division II competition. Not a consistent blocker -- does not play to his size.
							
2014	David Fales	2543751	QB	San Jose St.	One of two quarterbacks (Derek Carr) with 4,000-plus yards in both 2012 and 2013. Two-time second-team All-WAC (2012-13) selection. 2013: Started in all 12 games. 2012: Started in all 13 games, and led FBS in completion percentage (72.5). Threw 24 of his 33 touchdown passes in the last eight games. His 467 passing yards against Utah State tied for the sixth best single-game total at San Jose State. 2011: At Monterey Peninsula Community College, was named first-team All-Coast Conference. Led his team to a 2011 Coast Conference co-championship and a berth in the Sierra Central Credit Union Bowl. 2010: At Monterey Peninsula Community College, was named first-team All-Coast Conference. 2009: At Nevada, but saw no game action. 	Well built (works hard in the weight room). Sets up cleanly and with balance. Nice play fake. Compact, three-quarters release with clean, quick arm action. Throws a clean spiral with good short-to-intermediate accuracy. Flashes touch. Confident and competitive. Tough and durable. Sparkling intangibles -- outstanding personal and football character. Leads vocally and by example and is universally respected. Intelligent, passionate, motivated football junkie who takes pride in his craft and puts the time in to improve.
								Lacks ideal height and has relatively small hands. Average foot athlete and escapability. Can improve maneuverability in the pocket. Not yet sophisticated with his eyes. Tends to stare down his primary. Arm strength is just functional -- struggles to drill velocity throws on a line and is not a natural deep thrower. Accuracy wanes downfield. Needs to improve against the blitz. Just a two-year starter.
							
2014	Ryan Hewitt	2543752	FB	Stanford	Played in 51 career games. 2013: Played in 13 games with 11 starts. 2012: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 after playing in 12 games and making seven starts. 2011: Played in all 13 games with 11 starts. 2010: Played in all 13 games as a reserve fullback and tight end. 2009: Redshirted. High School: Played for 9-year NFL veteran Dave Logan. Was a two-year starter at tight end, making 34 receptions for 476 yards and four touchdowns as senior. 	Quick out of his stance. Attacks with urgency. Understands angles and positioning. Can block on the move. Good hands -- catches away from his body and had 34 receptions as a sophomore. Lined up in multiple spots and has special-teams experience. Cares about the game and puts the work in. Clean character. 
								Needs to bulk up and get stronger. Athletic ability and speed are just adequate. Marginal value as a runner. Fairly straight-linish. Limited explosion and body power as a lead blocker. Tweener traits.
							
2014	Shayne Skov	2543753	ILB	Stanford	2013: Third-team AP All-American and first-team All-Pac-12 selection. Was a finalist for the Butkus Award. Played in 14 games (all starts) at inside linebacker. Recorded a team-high 109 tackles (62 solo), 13.0 tackles for loss, 5.5 sacks and three forced fumbles. 2012: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection. Started 13 games after missing the season opener. Returned to action less than one year after major knee injury and rehabilitation. 2011: Suffered a season-ending knee injury in season's third week against Arizona. 2010: Honorable mention All-Pac-10 selection. 2009: Appeared in all 13 games and started seven games at WILL linebacker.	Outstanding instincts and recognition -- plays much faster than he clocks on a stopwatch. Goes full throttle and plays very hard. Times up the blitz extremely well. Explosive tackler. Alert in coverage.  Intense emotional leader. Vocal leader. Has a love for the game and it shows. Ideal special-teams temperament. Fluent in Spanish.
								Marginal foot speed -- limited twitch and agility to adjust to movement in coverage and could be exposed by NFL backs and tight ends (though still does not look fully recovered from ACL injury). Can play with too much abandon and recklessly miss some tackles flying to the ball (out of control). Long-term durability is a concern -- has already had multiple knee surgeries. 
							
2014	Daniel McCullers	2543754	DT	Tennessee	Nicknamed "Shade Tree." Transferred to Tennessee after two seasons at Georgia Military College (2010-11), where he weighed nearly 400 pounds before arrival on campus. Had a blocked kick in both 2012 and 2013. 2013: Started all 12 games. 2012: Played in 12 games and started seven. 	Looks every bit the part with a relatively lean build for a 350-pounder -- carries his weight well with some muscle definition and good overall body thickness. Rare size with vines for arms, an enormous wingspan and exceptional mass to occupy space and hold up multiple blockers -- has clear two-gap potential. Can overpower zone blockers with sheer size. Very durable and has not missed any games to injury throughout his career.
								Duck-footed short-stepper with limited play range -- does not make plays outside the box. Lets his pads rise (first move is up), gets outleveraged and does not hold his ground as well as a man his size should. Gets turned out of the hole and sealed. Average body power to roll his hips and generate torque. Limited pass-rush potential (confirmed by 1.5 career sacks) -- is late off the ball, does not collapse the pocket and stays blocked too long. Must improve his hand use to disengage. Weight has fluctuated in the past -- exited high school pushing 400 pounds. 
							
2014	Ja'Wuan James	2543755	OT	Tennessee	Started in all 49 games played, setting a Tennessee record for career starts for an offensive lineman. 2013: Started all 12 games at right tackle. 2012: Started all 12 games at right tackle. 2011: Started all 12 games at right tackle. 2010: Started all 13 games at right tackle and was named to the Freshman All-SEC team.	Outstanding size, girth and overall body mass. Good hand placement. Can steer and control blockers once he gets his hands on them. Very patient pass protector. Matches up very well vs. size and power (see Alabama). Battle-tested, experienced four-year starter in the SEC. Outstanding personal and football character. Very smart, mature and highly respected. 
								Raw footwork. Has a lot of heaviness in body and can improve sustain. Lumbers to the second level and struggles to cut off and adjust to moving targets. Does not roll off the ball with power and generate strength or movement in the run game. 
							
2014	Kadeem Edwards	2543756	OG	Tennessee St.	Started in 40 of 43 games played. Was a two-time first-team All-OVC pick (2012-13). 2013: Played in 13 games and started 10. 2012: Started all 11 games. 2011: Second-team All-OVC pick. Played in and started 10 games. 2010: Played in 10 games and made nine starts. 	Outstanding size -- built low to the ground with a thick trunk and vines for arms (big wingspan). Generates movement in the run game and seeks to bury defenders. Surprising balance and straight-line foot speed -- steps to the second level easily. Has crude tools to work with. Motivated and coachable. 
								Could stand to shed some bad weight. Gets lax with his technique. Needs to play with more consistent pad level. Needs to work on a more efficient short punch. Lets his feet stall. Thick, tight hips -- struggles to maneuver and snap is limited. Is not sudden or explosive -- more push than pop. Lets defenders cross his face. Intermittent urgency. Does not dominate physically inferior competition.
							
2014	Mike Davis	2543757	WR	Texas	Two-time honorable mention All-Big 12 (2012-13) selection. 2013: Led team with 727 receiving yards. 2012: Played in all 13 games, starting 11. 2011: Played in all 13 games with 11 starts. 2010: Played in 11 games with five starts. Set a Texas freshman record with 47 receptions.	Good size and athletic ability -- looks the part. Makes the hard catch look easy and can make make the acrobatic, in-air catch extending high outside the numbers. Is capable of stretching a defense and creating chunk plays in the passing game. Good field awareness working along the sideline. 


								Very stiff. Average play speed. Does not adjust well to the ball even when placed in the right spot. Is easily rerouted and fazed by traffic. Not strong after the catch and makes few big plays. Has a case of the drops -- inconsistent hands. Lackadaisical route-runner and blocker. Inadequate on-field body language and temperament -- is usually at the back of the line in practice drills and does not exhibit urgency in his play or leadership traits in the locker room. Reprimanded by the Big 12 for a late hit on a defender's knees after the whistle vs. Iowa State.
							
2014	Jake  Matthews	2543758	OT	Texas A&M	Started in 46 of 49 games played. Two-time first-team All-SEC (2012-13) selection. 2013: First-team AP All-American and an Outland Trophy finalist. Started all 13 games at left tackle. Won the national Bobby Bowden Award presented for high performance on the field, in the classroom, and in the community. 2012: Started all 13 games at right tackle. 2011: Honorable mention All-Big 12 pick after starting all 13 games at right tackle. 2010: Honorable mention All-Big 12 pick after playing in 10 games and making seven starts. Misc.: Son of Pro Football Hall of Famer Bruce Matthews. Older brother Kevin was a 2-year starter at A&M (2008-09) and younger brother Mike is a current Aggie offensive lineman. Cousin is Clay Matthews of the Green Bay Packers.	Big, strong, athletic, natural bender. Exceptional technician. Explosive six-inch punch -- quick, active hands. Outstanding base, balance, body control and hand placement. Drives defenders off the ball -- outstanding run blocker. Explosive hip snap. Takes good angles to the second level. Plays with very good awareness -- shows very good athletic ability flipping his hips and adjusting to moving pockets with a jitterbug quarterback. Keen to recognize and quick to adjust to the blitz. Strong finisher -- displays a mean streak and seeks to finish. Has long-snapping experience. Hails from football royalty family -- third-generation NFLer. Tough competitor. Very focused and determined. Humble and grounded. Outstanding all-around character. Film junkie. Started in the SEC for 3-plus seasons. Extremely durable -- missed no time to injuries.
								Arm length appears too short -- limited reach and extension. Operated in a spread offense. Can do a better job sustaining (though was presented with a near-impossible task of knowing where the pocket would be to protect). Has only one year of experience at left tackle.
							
2014	Ryan Grant	2543759	WR	Tulane	Two-time first-team All-Conference USA (2012-13) selection. 2013: Finished season with 77 catches for 1,039 yards and nine touchdowns. 2012: Started in all 12 games and had seven 100-yard performances. Finished season with 76 catches for 1,149 yards and six touchdowns. 2011: Started in one game. Had 27-yard touchdown catch before suffering a season-ending sports hernia injury and receiving medical redshirt. 2010: Played in 12 games and made six starts. 2009: Played in nine games as a true freshman. 	Good size. Smooth accelerator off the line. Good flexibility to sink his hips. Tracks throws and shows terrific body control to adjust. Impressive hands catcher -- quick, soft mitts. Makes NFL-caliber catches, snatching throws out of the air away from his body. Determined runner with the ball in his hands. Nice upfield quickness to pick up yards after the catch. Good field awareness.
								Could stand to improve functional strength and physicality. Can be jammed and rerouted at the line. Pedestrian speed. Is an unpolished route runner and does not consistently separate -- drifts into patterns neglecting deception and does not snap off breaks. Limited route tree. Marginal blocker. Appears lackadaisical at times -- intermittent intensity, urgency and compete level. Questionable courage to work the middle of the field. 
							
2014	Jordan Zumwalt	2543760	ILB	UCLA	2013: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection. Started all 13 games and finished second on the team wiht 93 tackles. 2012: Played in 13 games and made nine starts. Finished fourth on the team with 71 tackles. 2011: Played in 13 games and made four starts. Finished third on the team with 60 tackles. 2010: Played in 11 games and made four starts. 	Very competitive with a fiery, on-field temperament. Explosive hitter. Throws his body around recklessly and times up the blitz well (disruptive presence). Is around the ball a lot. Very good football intelligence -- lines up teammates and makes adjustments. Versatile and has played all linebacker positions and contributed as a fullback in short-yardage situations. Defensive tone-setter -- has a love for the game and it shows. Plays big on big stages -- capped his career with co-MVP effort in the Sun Bowl vs. Virginia Tech, when he knocked Logan Thomas unconscious and returned an interception 43 yards.
								Does not play strong. Mechanical mover. Tight-hipped with average change of direction. Gets outflanked to the corner vs. speed. Average knockback body power -- does not strike with thump to drive back ball carriers. Catches too much. Struggles to disengage from blocks when he is locked up. Limited coverage range. 


							
2014	Shaq Evans	2543761	WR	UCLA	Two-time honorable mention All-Pac-12 (2013-12) selection. 2013: Played in all 13 games with 12 starts. 2012: Started all 14 games. 2011: Played in 13 games with five starts. Was suspended for one game for participating in a fight against Arizona. 2010: Transferred to UCLA and sat out the season. 2009: At Notre Dame, where he played in six games.	Good size. Good enough hands -- catches balls that he should and makes hard catches look easy, yet drops easy catches. Extends outside his frame for the ball and can pluck it. Competes in a crowd and can make contested catches.
								Average production. Lacks top-end burst, acceleration and long speed. Does not threaten the field vertically. Soft-tempered blocker. Displays little creativity after the catch. Struggles to shake tight man coverage and create separation.
							
2014	Keith McGill	2543762	CB	Utah	2013: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick after starting in 12 games. 2012: Redshirted due to an injury suffered in 2011. 2011: Played in five games and started in one before suffered a season-ending shoulder injury. 2010: Previously played safety at Cerritos College. 	Rare size with extremely long arms -- looks every bit the part. Very good athletic ability. Versatile and can play safety or corner. 
								Lacks the physicality and toughness desired at safety. Does not support the run aggressively or play to his size. Average transitional quickness. Still has some junior-college habits. Footwork needs refinement.

							
2014	Wesley Johnson	2543763	OT	Vanderbilt	Started in 51 of 51 games played, the most starts in Vanderbilt history. Only allowed two sacks in the previous two seasons. 2013: First-team All-SEC pick after starting all 13 games at left tackle. 2012: Started in all 13 games. 2011: Started in all 13 games, with seven starts at center, four at left tackle and two at left guard. 2010: Freshman All-SEC selection after starting in all 12 games. 2009: Redshirted.	Quick out of his stance. Natural bender with athletic, coordinated movement. Light on his feet and can work his hips. Keeps his hands inside and can pop and recoil. Shuffles, slides and mirrors. Gets to the second level with ease and can wheel around the edge as a puller. Durable, versatile 51-game starter -- has experience playing all across the line. Highly respected, passionate, no-nonsense vocal leader and two-time team captain.
								Average length. Is not built for power. Needs to bulk up and get functionally stronger. Light anchor -- stressed by power rushers. Does not jolt defenders with his hands. Average explosion/pop on contact. Inconsistent connecting with moving targets and fitting on linebackers. Has had difficulty filling out his frame and maintaining weight.
							
2014	Brent Urban	2543765	DT	Virginia	The Mississauga, Ontario native was drafted in the second round of the 2013 CFL Draft by the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. 2013: Honorable mention All-ACC pick after starting eight games. Missed four games due to a leg injury. Had nine pass breakups, the most among the team's defensive linemen. 2012: Started in all 12 games. 2011: Played in all 13 games. 2010: Played in three games. 2009: Redshirted. 	Looks the part -- has stature on the defensive line thanks to a long, well-proportioned physique with relatively little body fat. Has ideal dimensions for an odd front and has a large wingspan that enables him to disrupt passing lanes (nine PBUs in eight games as a senior). Engages quickly off the snap, jolts blockers and gains extension. Can stack and shed or press single blocking and generate push. Flashes disruptive ability. Can slide inside as a nickel rusher to cave the pocket.
								Limited lower-body strength to anchor vs. double teams. Shows some stiffness through his shoulders and torso. Still developing recognition and instincts. Still learning blocking schemes and how to fight pressure. Needs to improve hand use (quickness and violence). Has to concentrate on keeping his pad level low -- gets uprooted and washed when he plays too tall. Linear, vanilla pass rusher (recorded just three career sacks). Relatively inexperienced. Grew up in a Canadian hockey town and has a mellow disposition that might not sit well with some people. 
							
2014	James Gayle	2543766	DE	Virginia Tech	2013: Third-team All-ACC pick . Started all 13 games. 2012: Second-team All-ACC selection. Played in all 13 games with 11 starts. 2011: Second-team All-ACC selection. Started all 13 games he played in. 2010: Played in all 14 games and made two starts. 2009: Redshirted.	Excellent height-weight-speed ratio. Looks the part and has weight-room strength. Explosive athlete with rare leaping ability for his size. Good balance and edge burst and enough flexibility to turn the corner. Dogged in pursuit and ranges all over the field to make tackles. Fllattens and crashes down the line. Strong wrap tackler. Durable three-year starter. Has NFL bloodlines (uncle, Shaun, was a Pro Bowl safety for the Bears).
								Average eyes and instincts. Questionable football intelligence. Short on bulk and anchor strength to play with his hand in the dirt -- soft edge setter. Not equipped to shadow in man coverage and is unnatural playing in reverse. Limited scheme versatility. Could require short leash and extra reps.
							
2014	Logan Thomas	2543767	QB	Virginia Tech	Started in every games in final three seasons. 2013: Started in all 13 games. 2012: Started in all 13 games. Set school's single-season record for total offense with 3,500 yards. Led the team in rushing with 524 yards. 2011: Second-team All-ACC selection. Started in all 14 games. His 11 rushing touchdowns broke single-season school record for a quarterback set by Bruce Arians in 1974. 2010: Played in seven games as a backup quarterback and wide receiver. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Rated by many scouting services as the top tight end in the nation out of high school.	Outstanding size, stature and strength -- towers over the line, has natural throwing lanes from the pocket and is able to make plays in the grasp. Athletic -- can climb the pocket, escape and run for the sticks. Load to bring down. Generates easy velocity with a quick, compact release and can make all the throws. Is very competitive and will sell out to make a play. Has upside. Tough and durable -- started 40 consecutive games. Team captain and vocal leader.
								Plateaued as a sophomore. Uneven performance. Inconsistent footwork and mechanics. Shoddy ball placement. Still developing touch and deep-ball accuracy. Needs to quicken his eyes and expand his field vision. Needs to learn to protect himself -- is not elusive and represents a big target to defenders. Struggled in big games, including a nightmare performance against Alabama. Too careless with the football -- 39 INTs and 23 fumbles as a starter. Career 50-percent passer on third down. 
							
2014	Mike Campanaro	2543768	WR	Wake Forest	Set school record for most career receptions (229). Two-time second-team All-ACC (2012-13) selection. 2013: Led team in receptions (67), receiving yards (803) and touchdowns (six) despite missing four games with a broken collarbone suffered in loss to Syracuse. 2012: Played in 10 games and made nine starts. 2011: Played in 12 games and made 11 starts. Teamed up with Chris Givens (83 receptions) to become most productive pair of Wake Forest wide receivers in school history with 156 combined catches, surpassing the previous top pass catching duo of Kenny Moore (98) and Josh Adams (34) who combined for 132 catches in 2007. 2010: Played in all 12 games and made one start. 2009: Redshirted. 	Has short-area quickness to separate short-to-intermediate. Good balance and hip flex. Adjusts to throws. Finds soft spots in zone coverage. Effective running drags and crossers. Tough, confident and competitive. Three-year starter. Solid character.
								Lacks ideal height and length -- has extremely short arms and can be hemmed at the line. Limited functional strength. Small catch radius. Lacks elite top-end speed to take the top off. Spotty concentration -- makes some focused grabs and drops others he shouldn't. Marginal blocker. Durability is an issue -- has a small build, has been dinged up and could struggle to stay healthy.
							
2014	Deone Bucannon	2543769	SS	Washington St.	2013: First-team All-American and first-team All-Pac-12 selection. Was a finalist for the Jim Thorpe Award. Started in all 13 games. 2012: Second-team All-Pac-12 pick. Played in all 12 games with 11 starts. 2011: Played in all 12 games with 11 starts. 2010: Played in all 12 games with eight starts. High school: Also earned four letters on golf team.	Reads run and drops downhill quickly. Has an old-school mentality -- likes contact and is a physical tackler (seeks to punish the ball carrier). Led the Pac-12 in tackles. Covers kicks and has an ideal mentality for special teams. Four-year starter and three-time captain.
								Average speed -- struggles to recover from missteps and will not track anyone down from behind. Some tightness in his hips. Man-coverage limitations (struggles to match with slot receivers). Can be overaggressive and miss tackles. Does not always arrive under control in space. Misjudges angles. 
							
2014	Charles Sims	2543770	RB	West Virginia	Transferred from Houston to West Virginia in July of 2013. 2013: First-team All-Big 12 selection. Was named Big 12 Newcomer of the Year. Led school with 1,095 rushing yards and led Big 12 with 1,496 scrimmage yards. 2012: Second-team All-Conference USA after leading Houston with 851 rushing yards. 2011: First-team All-Conference USA pick after leading Houston with 821 rushing yards. 2010: Redshirted. 2009: Conference USA Freshman of the Year selection. Led team with 698 rushing yards and nine touchdowns.	Quick-footed with first-step suddenness and short-area burst. Fluid and fast -- accelerates in a hurry and shows speed to the edge. Explosive one-cut ability -- understands how to get downhill. Loose lower body with nice ankle flexion to cut sharply. Flashes ability to spin off contact. Soft hands -- catches easily away from his body (had 70 catches as a freshman and averaged more than 10 yards per catch for his career). Creates after the catch. Hardworking and leads by example.
								Does not have an ideal build for the position and durability is a concern -- is narrow with a relatively thin lower body. Needs to bulk up. Relatively tall running style. Can do a better job running behind his pads and converting speed to power. Shows some hip tightness. Average tackle breaker (too often grounded by single tacklers). Ran exclusively out of the pistol/shotgun formation. Has very small hands and carries loosely at times. Lacks elite, top-end "wow" speed. Blocking is a question mark. Will be a 24-year-old rookie.
							
2014	Antonio Andrews	2543771	RB	Western Kentucky	Led nation in all-purpose yards each of last two seasons. Two-time first-team All-Sun Belt (2012-13) selection. 2013: Was a Doak Walker Award finalist (given to nation's best running back). Started all 12 games. Broke his own school record with 1,730 rush yards. Led nation for second consecutive season in all-purpose yards with 2,619. Most all-purpose yards in two-year span in NCAA history (5,780). 2012: Broke school record with 1,728 rush yards. Led nation with 3,161 all-purpose yards ... that's the second-most all-purpose yards in a season in NCAA history (Barry Sanders had 3,249 yards in Heisman season of 1988). 2011: Played in eight games. 2010: Joined team in fall camp after transferring from Air Force Prep. Played in nine games. High school: Was Mr. Football in state of Kentucky as a senior. His teams went 29-0 in final two seasons while playing quarterback.	Good size. Nice vision to pick and slide. Shows instinctive jump-cut ability. Lowers his pads and finishes runs with forward lean. Picks up yards after contact. Effective short-to-intermediate receiver -- has body control to adjust to throws. Can handle a heavy workload. Record-breaking two-year production -- was the nation?s leading all-purpose gainer 2012-13. Has punt- and kickoff-return experience. Scheme versatile. Looked a step quicker as a senior.
								Ball security is a concern -- puts the ball on the turf too often. Average initial quickness, explosiveness and elusiveness. Monotone short stepper. Dull burst through the hole. Does not have an extra gear to pull away -- gets tracked down from behind. Inconsistent pad level and leg drive -- limited power. Occasional concentration drop. Struggles in pass protection.
							
2014	Chris  Borland	2543772	ILB	Wisconsin	Three-time first-team All-Big Ten (2011-13) selection. Wisconsin's all-time leader with 14 forced fumbles. 2013: Second-team AP All-American pick. Finalist for the Lott IMPACT Trophy (biggest influence on team). 2012: Started 12 games, but missed two games with a hamstring injury. 2011: Started all 14 games at middle linebacker. Ranked second in the Big Ten (behind teammate Mike Taylor) with 143 tackles, and third in Big Ten with 19 tackles for loss. 2010: Medical Redshirt due to season-ending shoulder injury. Played in two games. 2009: Big Ten Freshman of the Year and honorable mention All-Big Ten selection. Played in all 13 games with six starts as a true freshman. Led team with five forced fumbles and three fumble recoveries. Misc.: Brother Mark played basketball at Wittenberg. Brother John played soccer at Army. Brother Matt played soccer at Wittenberg.	Is built low to the ground and bends his knees. Keen eyes and instincts -- has a nose for the ball. Quick to fill downhill (see goal-line play vs. Ohio State when he stuck RB Carlos Hyde in the hole and drove him back). Motor runs hot -- pursues hard and seldom quits on plays. Flows well laterally. Aware in zone. Capable of bringing pressure as a blitzer. Good leaping ability. Intense competitor who loves to play and it shows. Defensive playmaker -- piled up 50 career TFL and 14 FFs. Started 45 career games. Special intangibles. 
								Is short with Tyrannosaurus rex arms -- too easily neutralized (struggles to disengage). Eclipsed by larger offensive linemen. Can do a better job protecting his legs. Average explosion, tackle strength and pop on contact. Lets runners escape his grasp. Exposed in space. Has man-coverage limitations, especially against tight ends (lacks length to match up). Durability could be an issue.
							
2014	James White	2543773	RB	Wisconsin	2013: Second-team All-Big Ten selection. Finished season with 100-plus rushing yards in five of final six games. Had 1,444 rushing yards and 13 touchdowns. 2012: Played in all 14 games, finishing with 806 rushing yards and 12 touchdowns. 2011: Played in 13 games, finishing with 713 yards rushing and six touchdowns. 2010: Big Ten Freshman of the Year and honorable mention All-Big Ten after rushing for 1,052 yards and scoring 14 touchdowns. 	Controlled mover with a low center of gravity. Good vision, balance and short-area burst. Shifty runner -- cuts efficiently and jukes tacklers. Shows competitive speed. Finishes runs. Willing blocker in pass protection. Takes care of the football -- fumbled just twice in 754 career touches. Has kickoff-return experience. Tough and competitive. Good football aptitude. Highly respected by teammates and coaches.
								Undersized with exceptionally short arms and small hands. Run strength is just adequate. Limited power to move the pile or bust through tackles. Lacks bulk strength to stymie blitzers. Was never a feature back, splitting carries with Broncos 2013 second-rounder Montee Ball as a junior and Melvin Gordon as a senior.
							
2014	Jared Abbrederis	2543774	WR	Wisconsin	Two-time first-team All-Big Ten (2012-13) selection. 2013: Won Burlsworth Trophy (as nation's best player to begin career as walk-on). Played in all 13 games with 11 starts. 2012: Started in 12 of 13 games. 2011: Honorable mention All-Big Ten pick. Started in all 14 games at receiver with Russell Wilson at quarterback. 2010: Played all 13 games with two starts. 2009: Redshirted. High school: First-team All-State quarterback in Wisconsin for Wautoma High School. Also played defensive back, and led team to Division IV state championship as a senior. Ran track and wrestled as well.	Uses his hands well to swat away press. Stems his routes. Sells his patterns. Nice hands. Good field and boundary awareness. Gives effort to engage and shield cornerbacks as a blocker. Outstanding football intelligence -- like a quarterback on the outside. Productive three-year starter. Mature and humble. Hardworking and coachable.
								Has a slender build and needs to bulk up and get stronger. Ordinary pop off the line. Builds to average speed. Could struggle to separate vs. quick-twitch covermen. Lets throws into his body and breaks stride to catch. Not an above-the-rim player. Straightlinish after the catch -- pedestrian agility and elusiveness. Has a history of concussions.
							
2014	Dezmen Southward	2543775	FS	Wisconsin	Two-time honorable mention All-Big Ten selection. Started all 27 games in final two college seasons. 2013: Started all 13 games. 2012: Started all 14 games. Recorded 10 tackles in Big Ten Championship win over Nebraska. 2011: Played in 13 games and started three. 2010: Played in all 13 games. 2009: Redshirted. High school: First year of playing organized football was as a senior.	Excellent size. Good straight-line speed. Bends his knees and pedals softly. Reacts well to plays in front of him. Played a hybrid safety role at UW, including defending slot receivers (even played CB in a pinch against BYU). Special-teams experience. Coach's son. 
								Average flexibility and range. Still developing positional instincts and diagnostic skills. Man-coverage limitations -- dull transitional quickness and closing burst. Ordinary production on the ball -- not a playmaker. Does not punish or intimidate. Reliability should be looked into.
							
2014	Marqueston Huff	2543776	FS	Wyoming	Spent first three seasons at cornerback before moving to safety. 2013: Second on team with 127 tackles. 2012: Fifth on team with 57 tackles. Played in 12 games. 2011: Had both the team's defensive scores (fumble return touchdowns). 2010: Appeared in 12 games; played nickel back and special teams. 	Lean, athletic build. Fluid and sudden with terrific balance. Outstanding speed -- carries receivers vertically and flies around the field. Sudden plant and drive. Can elevate to contend in the air and make athletic interceptions. Does not hesitate to support the run. Scheme versatile. Sharp mentally. Three-year starter. Rose to the occasion against better competition and produced big against Nebraska.
								Has very small hands. Gets lax with his technique. Inconsistent, subpar tackler as a safety. Average ball production. Performance is up and down.
							
2014	Robert Herron	2543777	WR	Wyoming	Two-time honorable mention All-MWC (2012-13) selection. 2013: Started all 12 games. Led team with nine receiving touchdowns and was second on the team with 72 receptions and 937 yards. 2012: Played in and started eight games. Missed four games due to a shin injury. 2011: Played in 12 of 13 games with eight starts. 2010: Played in 10 of 12 games with one start. 	Good athlete. Exceptional straight-line timed speed -- can accelerate and get on top of DBs vertically. Quick-footed. Above-average hands. Has return capability (despite not being used as a returner because of offensive value). 
								Does not play fast. Marginal toughness -- does not like crossing the middle or extending across his frame. Drifts in his routes. Short-arms the ball. Does not adjust to or track the deep ball well. Lacks physical strength and is jarred on contact after the catch. Carries the ball loosely. Disinterested blocker, especially on the backside. Regularly matched up vs. inferior competition. Has been dinged a lot and long-term durability is a concern.
							
2014	Anthony LaCoste	2543778	RB	Air Force	Averaged 7.0 yards per rush in career, fourth-best in school history. Also returned kicks. 2013: Played in 12 games, starting 7. Rushed for 890 yards on 135 carries. Fumbled 3 times. Had 263 yards, 3 TDs vs Army. 177 yards at New Mexico. 2012: Played in 9 games as a backup. Missed 5 games with injury. Played both safety and RB. 2011: Played in 9 games, missing the last 4 with an injury. 2010: Played in 3 games. High School: Two-time first-team All-Conference. Named state championship game MVP. Misc: Father, Joe, played football at Oregon State (1985-86).	Very good vision and run instincts. Attacks the hole with urgency. Turns his feet over quickly. Runs low to the ground and protects his body. Highly competitive.  Versatile -- has aligned as a Wildcat quarterback, played safety and returned kicks. Disciplined team leader. Very solid character. Respected team leader.
								Has small hands. Lacks strength in pass protection and is easily discarded, pushed around and ragdolled (near liability). Production is inflated from Wing-T, option offense. Has been slowed by knee injuries throughout his career.
							
2014	Shaquille Richardson	2543779	CB	Arizona	2013: Started all 13 games. Second on team with 3 INTs. 2012: Played in 13 games, starting 11. Led team with 14 PBUs. Had 1 INT. 2011: Played in 10 games, starting all 10. Led team with 4 INTs. 2010: Played in 13 games, starting 3. Recorded 2 INTs at Washington State in first career start. High School: No. 26 CB nationally (Scout).	Quick and agile and is aggressive jumping routes when he sees it. Can make spectacular plays look easy -- produced one of the most sensational highlight-reel plays of the season vs. Oregon when he acrobatically tipped the ball back into play to a teammate for an intercpetion on the first play and closed the game with an interception of his own vs. Marcus Mariota to key a surprise upset.
								Very lean build. Tends to squat on routes. Lacks eye discipline to sort out run-pass reads -- is late to locate the ball and support the run. Benched in 2012 for lapses in coverage and needs to become more consistent recognizing/supporting the run and securing open-field tackles. Marginal physicality. Character will invite close scrutiny -- was arrested on suspicion of felony theft as an incoming freshman and released from UCLA program. 
							
2014	Alden Darby	2543780	FS	Arizona State	2013: First-team All-Pac-12. Started all 14 games. 72 tackles, 2 TFL, 4 INTs, 2 FFs. 2 INTs vs. USC, returned 1 for TD. 2012:  Second-team All-Pac-12. Started all 13 games. 80 tackles, 5.5 TFL, 2 sacks, 3 INTs, 1 FF. Returned INT 70 yards for TD against USC. 2011: Played in 13 games, starting 2. Had 2 INTs in fourth quarter against Oregon State. 2010: Played in 11 games. High School: Totaled 86 tackles on defense; 862 yards, 12 TDs as a rusher; 94 receptions, 1,074 yards, 9 TDs as a receiver in his 3-year career. Misc: Nicknamed ?The Juice Man? because he is never tired and is always juiced up. Said he models his game after Deion Sanders because he played with swag.	Versatile and has played every position in the secondary -- safety, corner and nickel back. Football smart -- makes the secondary calls and checks. Good strength and pop on contact. Highly respected team leader with a team-first attitude. Outstanding football character. Valuable special teams contributor with gunner experience. Displayed playmaking ability vs. USC the last two years.
								Is tall in his pedal (rises). Has man-coverage limitations (average speed and agility to keep phase vertically). Can become a more consistent, secure tackler -- plays a bit out of control. Does not show range to get deep over the top and leverage the field from the deep middle (late to arrive). Not a natural hands catcher. 
							
2014	Zach Hocker	2543781	K	Arkansas	Arkansas career leader in points scored (354). Kicked 54-yard FG vs. Mississippi State. 2013: Played in all 12 games. Went 13-15 on FGs and kicked career-long 54-yard FG vs Mississippi State. 2012: Played in all 12 games. 67.3 touchback percentage ranked 6th in NCAA. 2011: Broke Arkansas single-season record for points by a kick with 118. Played in all 13 games. 2010: All-SEC Freshman Team. Played in all 13 games. 1 of 2 SEC kickers perfect on extra points. High School: All-state as a senior. Kicked school-record 15 FGs. 58-61 kickoffs went for touchbacks.	Good leg speed. Consistently converted beyond 50 (3-4 as a senior) and has enough velocity to hang the ball on kickoffs. Well-grounded and humble. 
								Thinly built and undersized. Does not possess a powerful leg. The ball does not explode off his foot (rise). Struggled to handle pressure early in his career. 
							
2014	Patrick Laird	2543782	WR	Army	Played in every game last 3 seasons. Part of an offense that threw 7 TD passes since 2012. 2013: Played in all 12 games. 1 of 4 players with a receiving TD.	Very good size and strength. Aggressive stalk blocker -- locks on and runs his feet. Good hand-eye coordination -- can make one-handed snags (see Kent State 2012). Exceptional work habits. Very determined. Physically and mentally tough. Experienced high school kicker capable of filling in during emergency situations. 
								Average foot speed, agility and overall athletic ability. Marginal body control -- lumbers and stumbles. Not a crafty route runner -- rounds off his breaks. Minimal career production. 
							
2014	Steven Clark	2543783	P	Auburn	2012-2013 Ray Guy Award semifinalist. 2011 Ray Guy Award finalist. Only 10 of 126 punts in last two years have been returned. 2013: Only 5 of 56 punts were returned. 2012: Only 5 of 70 punts were returned. 6 punts of 50-plus yards. 2011: First-team All-SEC. 33 punts inside the 20 led the SEC. 9 punts inside 10. 2010: Appeared in 5 games. High School: No. 20 ranked kicker (Rivals). Also played TE and DE.	Outstanding size. Very good ball control, accuracy and placement. Good hang time. Fields the ball cleanly and adjusts well to off-target snaps. Works hard and studies his craft. Handles pressure well. Very durable -- has never missed a game. 
								Ball does not explode off his foot. Does not drive the ball for distance. Can improve touch-to-toe times and speed up get-off (three-step punter). Has short arms. Average athlete. Limited in coverage. 
							
2014	Keith Wenning	2543784	QB	Ball St.	Johnny Unitas Golden Arm finalist in 2013. Two-time second-team All-MAC. Owns school career records for TD passes and yards. Passed for 300-plus yards a school-record 16 times. 2013: Second-team All-MAC. Started all 13 games, completing 54.1 percent of his passes for 4,148 yatrds, 35 TDs, 7 INTs. 445 yards, 6 TDs vs. Miami (Ohio). 240 yards, 5 TDs at Akron. 2012: Second-team All-MAC. Started 12 games, missing the regular-season finale (ankle). Completed 65.4 percent of his passes for 3,095 yards, 24 TD, 10 INTs. 2011: Started all 12 games, completing 63.9 percent of his passes for 2,786 yards, 19 TDs, 11 INTs. Attempted 185 straight passes without an INT. 2010: Played all 12 games, starting the final 10. Completed 54.5 percent of his passes for 1,373 yards, 14 TDs, 14 INTs. 3 TDs vs. Eastern Michigan, at Toledo, and Kent State. High School: All-state and all-conference as senior.	Experienced, four-year starter with a solid build. Very smart and understands the offense. Outstanding football character and personal character -- works at his craft, is driven to succeed and will represent a franchise well. Respected leader -- two-time team captain. Football is very improtant to him. Very tough and highly competitive. Has directed 10 fourth-quarter comebacks in his career. Consistent in his approach.
								Average arm strength, athletic ability and pocket mobility to avoid the first wave and make throws off-balance and under duress. Carries a heavyness in his body and lacks twitch. Works almost exclusively out of the gun and will need to adapt to working from under center. Cannot easily manipulate his arm and throwing platform. Does not drive the deep out and accuracy and placement diminishes downfield. Production is inflated from regularly facing inferior MAC competition. 
							
2014	Matt Hall	2543785	OT	Belhaven	Started at Arkansas, transferred to Ole Miss in 2010, then again to NAIA Belhaven in 2012. Left Ole Miss after a coaching change and after being arrested for DUI, simple assault, domestic violence, and other charges. Played in 44 career games, starting 33. 2013: First-team All-Mid-South Conference West. High School: No. 28 offensive lineman in the nation (Rivals).	Rare body length and overall size. Runs his legs on contact and overwhelms lesser competition. Displays a mean streak and seeks to finish blocks. Physical football-playing temperament.
								Very thinly built, tends to play tall and could be challenged by the speed of NFL rushers. Raw techniqcian -- needs to learn how to replace his hands, bend from his knees and play angles. Footwork is not clean and stunts and games get on top of him too quickly (green eyes). Has limitations in space and struggles initiating contact on the second level. One-position player.
							
2014	Larry Webster	2543786	DE	Bloomsburg	Finalist for the Cliff Harris Award (small -school defensive player of the year). Two-time first-team All-PSAC (Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference East). Set school record with 13.5 sacks in 2012. Only played football last two seasons (played basketball at Bloomsburg 2008-2011). 2013: First-team All-PSAC East. 12.5 sacks, 16.0 TFL. 2012: First-team All-PSAC East. 13.5 sacks, 15.0 TFL. Misc.: Father, Larry Webster Jr., was drafted by the Miami Dolphins in the third round in 1992 and played 11 seasons for four different clubs, including Baltimore, where he won a Super Bowl ring in 2001. Named 2011-12 PSAC East Def. POY. Averaged 10.2 PPG, 7.2 rebounds per game in 2011. 	Very good size-speed ratio. Can win at the snap with his natural bend, hip flexibility and initial take-off quickness. Closes fast to the ball. Has NFL pedigree. Has seen action as a goal-line receiving threat and effortlessly adjusts to the ball. 
								Underdeveloped body. Tends to play too tall and can be run at and neutralized by power. Lacks weight-room strength and explosion and has not learned how to convert speed to power. Raw hand use -- is still learning how to disengage from blocks. Average eyes and instincts -- often late to locate the ball. Not a strong tackler and does not show knockback body power. Must adjust to facing better competition than he saw in the Pennsylvania State Athletics Conference.
							
2014	Matt Feiler	2543787	OT	Bloomsburg	Played in 46 career games with 34 starts. Two-time first-team All-PSAC (Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference) East. Started every game the last two seasons. High School: Second-team Section 3 (Pa.) All-Star.	Outstanding size. Good upper-body strength. Can control and steer blockers when he gets his hands on them. Flashes pop in his punch. 
								Not a natural bender. Limited explosion and balance. Spends too much time on the ground. Marginal arm length and agility to cut off the rush and handle edge speed. Late to hit a moving target. 
							
2014	Charles Leno Jr.	2543788	OT	Boise St.	2013: First-team All-Mountain West. Started all 13 games. 2012: Second-team All-MWC. Started all 13 games at LT. 2011: Started all 13 games at RT. 2010: Reserve offensive lineman, saw some action at TE due to injuries. 2009: Redshirted. High School: First-team all-conference as OT, second-team all-conference as DE. Also played basketball.	Outstanding arm length. Solid base in pass protection and can bump, steer and mirror. Understands fit and positioning. Can work up to the second level with ease. Flashes pop in his punch. Very durable, experienced three-year starter. 
								Lacks substance in pass protection and can be moved off a spot and walked back to the quarterback. Tends to bend at the waist, overextend and lose positioning -- average recovery speed. Carries his hands too low and does not shoot them with violence. Is stressed by speed and struggles to cut off the rush. Does not play strong and catches too much. 
							
2014	Alex Bayer	2543789	TE	Bowling Green	2013: Third-team All-MAC. Started all 14 games. 37 catches for 593 yards and 4 TDs. 124 yards, 1 TD vs. NIU in MAC Championship. 2012: Third-team All-MAC. Started 13 games, catching 36 passes for 410 yards and 3 TDs. 94 yards, 2 TDs at Akron. 2011: Started all 12 games, catching 20 passes for 242 yards and 2 TDs. 2010: Played all 12 games, starting 4 (22-298-1). 2009: Redshirted. High School: Had six school records, including 50 receptions for 625 yards and two TDs his senior season.	Very good size. Good base and knee bend as an in-line blocker. Functional wham blocker. Reliable short-area receiver. Hauls in off-target throws. Brings tenacity to the field and keeps working to pick off defenders. Respected, team captain. Very durable, experienced, three-year starter. 
								One-gear route runner -- creates minimal separation and lacks the route savvy, suddenness and acceleration to beat tight man coverage. Not elusive after the catch. Gives up too much surface area releasing. Limited explosion as an in-line blocker. 
							
2014	Daniel Sorensen	2543790	FS	BYU	2013: FBS All-Independent Team. 8 tackles, 1 INT vs. Utah State. 6 tackles, 1 TFL vs. Notre Dame. 2012: Honorable mention All-Independent. 10 tackles at Notre Dame. 8 tackles, 1 INT at Georgia Tech. 2011: Started all 13 games. Had 6 tackles, 1 FR at Ole Miss. 30-yard INT TD vs. Idaho State. 2009-2010: Served in the Costa Rica San Jose Mission. 2008: Played 12 games. Had an INT vs. Wyoming. High School: First-team all-conference on offense and defense. Misc: Brother, Brad (QB), was drafted in the seventh round by the San Diego Chargers in 2013.	Good size with above-average straight-line speed. Technically proficient -- has enough toughness and will sacrifice his body. Dependable tackler. Enough range to make some plays on the ball and jump routes. Football is important to him and takes it very seriously. Makes the secondary calls and checks and understands coverages like a coach. Prepares like a pro. Tough, durable, solid producer. Reliable special teams contributor. High school punter capable of handling punts in emergency situations. 
								Has small hands. Is stiff in the hips and plays a bit flat-footed. Is challenged by elite speed and lacks ideal size to match up against tight ends. Is not a big hitter. Does not possess the top-end speed to range to the sideline and make plays on the ball -- not a true center fielder. Average career production on the ball. 
							
2014	Kaneakua Friel	2543791	TE	BYU	2013: Played in 12 games, starting 7. Finished with 11 receptions for 128 yards, 1 TD. 2012: Started all 13 games. Was second on team with 5 TDs. Had 30 receptions for 308 yards. 2011: Played in 12 games. Had 7 receptions for 55 yards, 1 TD. 2009-10: Went on a Mormon mission to South Africa. 2008: Played in 8 games, starting 1. 2007: Redshirt. High School: Honolulu Star-Bulletin All-State selection.	Can make difficult catches look easy. Adjusts well to the ball in the air and secures the ball outside his frame. Very smart. Plays with awareness and settles in zones. 
								Monotone route runner. Hears footsteps and loses concentration in traffic. Is easily re-routed. Limited run-after-the-catch creativity and production. Average athlete. Lacks functional, point-of-attack strength as a base blocker. Durability needs to be examined closely -- has a history of left hamstring injuries since tearing it on a mission in January 2010. Overaged. 
							
2014	Matt Hazel	2543792	WR	Coastal Carolina	Two-time first-team All-Big South. Finished with school-record 183 career receptions. Had 2,553 career receiving yards, second in school history. 2013: First-team All-Big South. Set school record with 70 receptions. Tied for Big South lead with 9 TDs. 2012: First-team All-Big South. Tied a school record with 61 receptions. 2011: Second-team All-Big South. Finished third in the conference with 6 TD receptions. 2010: Played 11 games. Tied Jerome Simpson?s school record with 3 TDs in a game.	Good functional football-playing speed. Accelerates off the line and can create separation. Tracks the deep ball well, contorts his body in the air and can make difficult catches look easy. Can create after the catch and make the first defender miss on bubble screens out of the slot. Willing blocker -- displays surprising toughness for his size to mix it up with linebackers. Fared well vs. better competiition (see South Carolina). Comes from a very supportive family and has strong personal and football character. The game is very important to him. 
								Not physically strong with a lean body build, small hands and short arms. Can be knocked off routes by tight press coverage. Average strength and elusiveness after the catch. Looks for a landing spot before contact (hears footsteps). Alligator arms appear in traffic and bodies the ball along the sideline. Shows some tightness in his body coming out of breaks and routes could use more refinement. 
							
2014	Chidera Uzo-Diribe	2543793	DE	Colorado	Didn?t start playing football until his junior year of high school. 2013: Played in all 12 games. Led team with 4.0 sacks and 11 QBH. 2 sacks vs. Cal. 2012: Played in 12 games, with 10 starts. Led team with 10 TFL and 7 sacks. 2011: Played in all 13 games, with 6 starts. Second on team with 5.5 sacks. 2010: Played in all 12 games, with 1 start. High School: Team?s MVP as a senior with 69 tackles, 7.5 sacks. Also played TE.	Good athletic ability and hip flexibility. Flashes initial quickness to get underneath the pads of blockers and turn the corner. Nice spin move. Plays hard and competes. Elected team captain. Will battle through injuries -- played with a severe high ankle sprain in 2012. Has NFL pedigree (cousin is Atlanta Falcons DE Osi Umenyiora).
								Undersized. Cannot convert speed to power. Gets drawn in by misdirection and play fakes. Raw eyes -- late to find the ball. Much of his production is clearview, where he is left unblocked, unaccounted for and schemed to fall into it.
							
2014	Crockett Gillmore	2543794	TE	Colorado St.	2013: First-team All-Mountain West. Started all 14 games. Caught 47 passes for 577 yards, 2 TDs. 2012: Played in 11 games. Finished with 19 receptions, 263 yards, 2 TDs. 2011: Second-team All-MWC. Led team in receptions (45), receiving yards (468) and TD catches (4). Moved to TE 9 days before spring game. Started all 12 games.	Has a good compact frame with long arms and big hands. Chippy, competitive blocker -- latches on and plays through the whistle. Good finisher. Natural hands catcher. Catches in a crowd and will shake off a hit and run through contact. Rises to a challenge and matched up well as a base blocker vs. Alabama's Adrian Hubbard. Functional positional, pass protector. Very durable.
								Underdeveloped lower body with limited overall weight-room strength. Not a nuanced route runner to create separation and lacks polish releasing off the line (pinballed too easily). Limited suddeness and burst out of his breaks. Marginal creativity after the catch. Lacks top-end speed to threaten the seam. Has been a bit of a china doll and long-term durability requires evaluation.
							
2014	Shaquil  Barrett	2543795	OLB	Colorado St.	MWC Defensive Player of the Year in 2013 after compiling a conference-record 20.5 tackles for loss in 2013. Transferred to CSU after Nebraska-Omaha disbanded program. 2013: First-team All-MWC. Started all 14 games. 2012: Honorable mention All-MWC. Played all 12 games, starting 10. 15 tackles, 1 sack vs. North Dakota State. 2011: Eligible because Nebraska-Omaha disbanded program. Played all 12 games, starting 11. Led team with 99 tackles. Became first CSU player in a decade with 2 defensive TDs. 2010 at Nebraska-Omaha: Played 11 games, starting 10. Had 86 tackles, 11.5 TFL, 8.5 sacks. High School: Attended a private, co-ed boarding school. Won a state wrestling championship (215 pounds). Misc: He and his wife, Jordanna, have two children.	Solid instincts -- around the ball a lot. Flattens down the line and runs to the ball. Plays hard. Good closing speed and pursuit production. Strong tackler. Flashes power to walk back big blockers and is disciplined defending the run. Beat Alabama's Cyrus Kouandjio for a sack, using trademark rip move to come underneath. Has a knack for stripping the ball. 
								Does not pass the eyeball test -- slew-footed with stiff hips and segmented, mechanical movement skills. Lacks ideal first-step quickness to trim the corner. Near-liability in man coverage. Has wide shoulders and gets stuck on blocks too long.
							
2014	Zach Moore	2543796	DE	Concordia (MN)	Three-time NSIC South Division All-Conference First Team. Set school record for sacks with 33. 2013: Led team with 7.0 sacks. 2012: Fourth-most sacks in Division II (14). 2011: Redshirted. 2010: Led conference in sacks (10). Blocked FG. 2009: Appeared in 8 games, starting 1. 2.0 sacks, 2.0 TFL. High School: All-State. Also competed in track. Misc.: Has a daughter.	Looks the part with NFL stature, length and musculature. Is athletic and flexible and has rare leaping ability for his size. Quick off the snap. Flashes the ability to gain extension and play off blocks. Gives effort in pursuit and ranges to make tackles. Good closing speed. Snares ball carriers. Averaged a sack per game in college. Has experience in a 4-3 and 3-4. Dedicated, hardworking and coachable two-time captain. Mentally tough guy who has beaten the odds and persevered to get to this point. Has moldable tools and upside.
								Needs to get functionally stronger. Still learning to convert speed to power and does not physically dominate marginal competition. Green eyes and instincts to locate and diagnose. Plays too tall and needs to learn how to grow roots defending the run. Washed by double teams. Hand use and pass-rush moves need to be developed. Will be a 24-year-old rookie.
							
2014	Jeff Mathews	2543797	QB	Cornell	His 11,284 career passing yards and 18 300-yard games are Ivy League records. 2011 Bushnell Cup Award Winner (Ivy Player of the Year), 2012 finalist. Since becoming full-time starter in 2011, never had fewer than 11 INTs; finished with 42 in career. 2013: Second-team All-Ivy. Averaged 328.1 passing yards per game, best in Ivy League. Threw for 400-plus yards 3 times. 2012: Second-team All-Ivy. Led the Ivy League in most passing categories. 2011: First-team All-Ivy. First sophomore to ever win Bushnell Cup. 3,412 passing yards, Ivy League record. 548 passing yards vs. Penn, Ivy League record. Started all 10 games. 2010: Ivy League Rookie of the Year. Played in 10 games, starting 5. High School: Ventura (Calif.) County Player of the Year as a senior. Misc: Was not offered a scholarship by any FBS team.	Experienced, four-year starter. Very good arm strength. Good decision maker -- works through progressions. Fine accuracy and placement -- places the ball well. Highly intelligent, extremely determined, vocal team leader with an intricate command of the offense. Is given a lot of pre-snap responsibility to read defenses and audible into the right play. Three-time team captain (first in Cornell history). Outstanding football intelligence. Fiery on-field temperament. Challenges his teammates. Good eyes, anticipation and awarenesss. Coach on the field. Is very tough and battles through injuries. Outstanding production -- re-wrote the school's record books.
								Marginal athlete. Limited mobility to avoid the rush and buy time with his feet. Can do a better job sensing pressure and hastening his release. Relies too much on his arm. Accuracy diminishes on the move. Struggles to manipulate his arm and release the ball from multiple angles. Average setup and release quickness. 
							
2014	Zachariah Kerr	2543798	NT	Delaware	2013: First-team All-Colonial Athletic Association. 3.5 sacks (third-most on team). Led team with 2 FFs. 2012: Second-team All-CAA. 47-yard INT return for TD. 2011: Did not play (academically ineligible). 2010 at Maryland: Played all 13 games. 21 tackles, 1.5 TFL.	Has a solid frame with long arms. Good lower-body power -- can collapse the pocket and walk blockers back to the quarterback when he comes off the ball low. Secure tackler. Regularly splits the double team and can stack the point vs. single blocks. Likes the weight room and works to improve.
								Short. Limited agility. Tends to wear down, takes some plays off and effort wanes. Gets fooled by misdirection and can be late to locate the ball. Could stand to improve hand use as a pass rusher and shedding blocks. Regularly faced inferior competition. Has a concussion history. 
							
2014	Ross Cockrell	2543799	CB	Duke	2013: First-team All-ACC. Started 13 games, missing N.C. State with an ankle injury. 2012: First-team All-ACC. Started all 13 games. Academic All-ACC. 6 tackles, 2 INTs (1 returned for TD) vs. N.C. Central. 4 tackles, INT vs. Clemson. 2011: Played in and started 11 games. Missed Tulane game due to leg injury. Academic All-ACC. 2010: Started all 12 games. Led team with 3 INTs. Second freshman in Duke history to be sole team leader in INT. Academic All-ACC. 2009: Redshirted. High School: Posted 34 tackles and 3 INTs as senior. Also made 29 receptions for 459 yards and 11 TDs. Helped Charlotte (N.C.) Latin to a 13-0 record and state championship as a junior.	Plays smart and has a good feel for the game -- eyes, anticipation and awarenesss. Plays with discipline and takes a consistent approach. Good route recognition. Lines up in the slot and is quick and agile enough to handle dynamic receivers. Sorts through route combinations and maintains positioning. Good leaping ability -- competes for the ball in the air. Has jammer experience on special teams. 
								Has small hands, short arms and a thin frame, especially in the lower body. Limited press strength to match up against bigger receivers. Often plays to the boundary. Has some tightness in his hips that shows re-directing -- allows separation at the break point. Does not step up and take on blocks and overall game lacks physicality. 
							
2014	Derrell Johnson	2543800	OLB	East Carolina	Two-time second-team All-Conference USA (2013, '12). Started 49 of 50 games in 4 years (including 11 of 12 games as true freshman). 15.0 sacks in last two seasons. 2013: Second-team All-Conference USA. Started all 13 games. Led team with 8.0 sacks, 14.0 TFL, 9 QBH, Tied for lead with 80 tackles. 2.0 sacks at Marshall.	Experienced, four-year starter. Flashes shock and violence in his punch. Jars tight ends and slot receivers off their routes. Displays old-man strength to dig a ditch and set the edge. Swats big blockers and plays with tenacity. Can convert speed to power and uproot blockers. Extremely tough and durable.
								Has noticeably short flappers and gets caught on the line and too often velcroed to blocks. Is very tightly wound with minimal coverage range. Lacks hip flexibility to come to balance in space vs. quick backs (misses tackles). 
							
2014	Jimmy Garoppolo	2543801	QB	Eastern Illinois	2013: Walter Payton Award winner (FCS outstanding player). Led all FCS quarterbacks with 5,050 passing yards. Only regular-season loss came at Northern Illinois, where he threw for 450 yards, 6 TDs, 2 INTs. Ohio Valley Conference Offensive Player of the Year. Threw multiple TDs in 13 of 14 games, including 10 with 3-plus TD. 11 games with 300-plus yards passing. 2012: Second-team All-OVC. Set single-season record with 3,823 yards. 453 yards, 5 TDs vs. Austin Peay. 2011: Started all 11 games. Second in conference with 240.4 passing yards per game. 2010: All-OVC Newcomer team. Started final 8 games. 341 yards, 4 TDs vs. Murray State. High School: 1,888 yards and 16 TDs as a senior	Has a very quick trigger and good wrist snap that translates to a smooth throwing motion and clean, compact delivery (no windup). Lightning release quickness. Urgent decision maker. Sells play-action. Athletic enough to slide in the pocket and buy time with his feet while keeping his eyes downfield. Good anticipation -- throws his receivers open. Can change ball speeds and drop it in a bucket. Does not take unnecessary sacks and will dump the ball. Will deliver the ball looking down the barrell of a gun. Tough-minded and poised in the pocket -- can withstand a hit and pop back up. Highly competitive. Smart, respected, vocal team leader. Very durable, experienced, four-year starter. Good football intelligence. 
								Is a tad undersized with small hands and short arms. Uses a three-quarters delivery that could lead to batted balls. Works heavily out of the shotgun in a spread offense and footwork could require adjustment to working from under center. Does not always feel pressure in the pocket. Does not rip the deep out or drive the ball with high RPMs. Undershoots and often hangs the deep ball. Makes receivers work for the ball downfield and deep accuracy could stand to improve. Makes a lot of simple, one-look reads and was not heavily challenged by consistent pressure or complex looks in the Ohio Valley Conference. 
							
2014	Erik Lora	2543802	WR	Eastern Illinois	Two-time first-team FCS AP All-American. 2012 Ohio Valley Conference Offensive Player of the Year. Owns OVC single-season records for receptions, receiving yards and TD receptions. 2013: First-team FCS AP All-American. First-team All-OVC. Career-high 19 TDs. 2012: First-team FCS AP All-American. OVC Offensive POY. Set FCS record with 136 receptions. Broke conference record with 21 receptions vs. Murray State. Opened season with 7 straight 100-yard games. 2011: Redshirted. 2010: Played 10 games, starting 9. Led team with 50 receptions. Had 6 games with 50-plus yards. 2009: Played all 12 games, starting once.	Highly competitive. Solid football IQ. Good coverage recognition and field awareness to uncover -- has a knack for getting open and continuing to work free. Catches on contact and without breaking stride. Runs hard after the catch. Carries a swagger. Outstanding productivity. Has punt-return experience. 
								Has a nondescript body with short arms. Not a blazer. Could struggle to separate vs. man coverage in the pros. Lacks strength to beat tight press coverage or factor as a blocker. Limited speed and elusiveness to create after the catch. Can be tracked down from behind. Not explosive or dynamic in the return game to create big plays. Durability has been an issue -- missed sophomore season after having hip surgery. 
							
2014	Demonte McAllister	2543803	DT	Florida St.	2013: Played in 10 games, starting 1. 2012: Played in 13 games in a reserve role. Third on team with 3.5 sacks. 4 tackles, FF, 1.0 sack, 1.5 TFL vs. Virginia Tech. 2011: Played in 13 games in a reserve role. Limited by injuries. Also contributed on special teams. 2010: Played in 12 games in a reserve role. Third on team with 7.0 TFL.	Flashes some quickness to shoot gaps and strength to hold the point and leverage blockers. Plays bigger than his size and can generate a push.
								Nondescript body with little muscle defintion. Has never been a full-time starter. Marginal instincts and production. Is late to read and react. Plays tall with minimal effort. Much of production has been flushed to him by a strong front. Durability concerns have arisen throughout his career. 
							
2014	Austin Wentworth	2543804	OG	Fresno St.	Two-time first-team All-Mountain West (2012, '13). Started all 39 games in final 3 seasons. 2013: Started all 13 games.	Good enough anchor strength to stop a charge in pass protection. Efficient cut blocker. Good hand use to control and lock out. Plays angles, walls off and sustains in tight quarters. Makes few mental errors and is very dependable. Experienced, three-year starter. Very tough and durable. Blue-collar worker. Very good football and personal character. 
								Squatty build with short arms and average recovery speed. Tends to play too narrow-based. Will be challenged to handle NFL edge speed (though he is capable of handling the left side in the Mountain West Conference with a quick-triggering QB where he is not asked to hold blocks long). Is late to reach the second level and struggles to initiate contact with linebackers on the second level. 
							
2014	Dakota Dozier	2543805	OT	Furman	2013: First-team AP FCS All-American. First-team All-Southern Conference. Started all 14 games. 2012: Third-team AP FCS All-American. First-team All-SoCon. Started 9 games. Missed 2 games (knee). 2011: Second-team All-SoCon. Started all 11 games at LT. 2010: Started at LT in 10 of 11 games. First freshman to start on O-line since 1996. 2009: Redshirted. High School: Played OT, DT, and DE. All-Region, All-Area in South Carolina.	Outstanding overall body mass and thickness, especially in the lower body. Strong power base with a very stout anchor. Locks down and dominates lesser competition in pass protection (pancake machine). Plays with vinegar and finishes blocks. Rose to the occasion vs. better competition (see LSU). Plays with good knee bend and generates movement off the ball. Experienced, four-year starter. 
								Raw technician. Footwork is not clean. Shuffles instead of kicksliding and can get overextended attacking defenders. Carries his hands low and does not replace them. Oversets and gives up inside counters. Rolls slowly to the second level under control and can be beaten to the block point by speed. Can get complacent and play down to the competition level.
							
2014	Chris Burnette	2543806	OG	Georgia	Underwent surgery on his left shoulder (torn labrum) in January, 2013. 2013: Started all 13 games. 2012: Second-team All-SEC. Started 12 games, missing 2 with a shoulder injury. 2011: Started 12 games, missing 2 with a knee injury. 2010: Saw no game action. 2009: Redshirted. High School: U.S. Army All-American. No. 3 offensive guard (Rivals). Misc: Married in May, 2013.	Solid base strength to match up with wide-bodies in a phone booth and stand his ground. Flashes shock in his punch and a mean streak in his play. Plays with awareness. Seeks to finish blocks. Has practiced at center. Three-year starter in the Southeastern Conference. Is book smart and football smart and capable of setting protections. 
								Has short arms and is overly fleshy. Is stressed easily by quickness and is late to cut off the rush and adjust to movement laterally in-line or in space. Is turned too easily. Average recovery speed vs. stunts and counters. 
							
2014	Garrison Smith	2543807	DE	Georgia	Played in all 41 games last 3 seasons. 2013: Started all 13 games. Career-high 63 tackles, 10.0 TFL, and 6.0 sacks. 2012: Appeared in 14 games, starting 8. Had 57 tackles, 2 TFL, 1 FR. 2011: Appeared in 14 games, starting 2. Made first career start in SEC Championship vs. LSU (3 tackles). 2010: Appeared in 7 games. High School: U.S. Army All-American. No. 3 DT in the nation (Rivals).	Versatile -- lined up as a three-technique, played some nose tackle and base end. Flashes some strength and agility to keep working to come free. 
								Short, squatty and undersized. Marginal athletic ability. Makes few plays laterally and is late to arrive. Struggles to control blockers. Is late to locate the ball -- does not feel blocking pressure and stays blocked. Motor runs hot and cold. Very limited closing speed. Minimal pass-rush potential. 
							
2014	Jemea Thomas	2543808	CB	Georgia Tech	Started all 27 games last 2 seasons. 2013: Started all 13 games. Led team with 88 tackles, 8 PBU. Tied for team lead with 2 INTs. 2012: Started all 14 games. Led team in INT (4). 2011: Played in all 13 games, starting 2. Tied for team lead with 3 INTs. Returned 3 punts (10.3 yards per return). 2010: Redshirted. 2009: Served as backup to Morgan Burnett (Packers) at rover position. High School: Class AA first-team all-state selection in Georgia.	Very strong pound-for-pound. Sacrifices his body and shows up well in the run game. Takes good angles and understands run-game fits. Carries a very quiet confidence. Mentally and physically tough and seeks contact. Good short-area zone awareness -- is best moving forward and reacting to the thrown ball in front of him. Experienced, four-year starter. Commands respect from teammates. Very durable and has played through injuries and never missed any time. Hardworking and accountable. 
								Is stiff-hipped, short-armed and undersized with a frame that looks maxed out at less than 200 pounds. Gives up some ground and allows separation in man coverage vs. quickness. Easily mismatched by size vs. tight ends. Average range -- lacks desirable length and fluidity to patrol the back end. Hands are iffy. Regarded by some teams as too much of a tweener. 
							
2014	Richie Leone	2543809	P	Houston	2013: Second-team All-AAC. Handled punting and kicking duties, going 11 for 17 on field goal attempts while punting a career-high 73 times. 2012: First-team All-Conference USA. Led conference and tied school record with 45.5-yard punting average. Led conference with 20 punts of 50 yards or more. 2011: Honorable mention All-Conference USA.	Outstanding leg strength -- drives the ball. Works at his craft. Experienced, four-year starter. Outstanding production. Can handle kickoffs. 
								Small hands and short arms. Tightly wound, limited athlete. Could speed up delivery and get-off times -- too methodical and long in his approach. Nonfactor in coverage.
							
2014	Ted Bolser	2543810	TE	Indiana	John Mackey Award semifinalist in 2013.  Set IU TE career records with 117 receptions, 1,337 yards, 15 TDs. 2013: Honorable mention All-Big Ten. Back-to-back 2-plus TD games vs. Indiana State, Navy. 2012: Started all 12 games. Finished fourth on the team with 41 receptions. 2011: Played all 12 games, starting 6. Had 54 yds, 1 TD vs. Penn State. 2010: Played all 12 games, starting 7. Set school records in receptions, yards and TD for freshman TE. 2009: Redshirted. High School: No. 41 TE in nation (Rivals). 63 receptions, 845 yards, 11 TDs as senior in Ohio.	Good size and enough strength to fend off the jam. Catches outside his frame and adjusts to the ball. Has a wide catching radius and presents a big target. 
								Has very small hands and short arms. Lumbering mover. One-speed route runner with minimal burst and acceleration to separate. Much of his production is schemed -- creates little on his own. Can be phased by traffic (hears footsteps) -- hands are suspect. Struggles sustaining blocks (falls off and is controlled too easily). Tends to play tall and upright. 
							
2014	Pierre Desir	2543811	CB	Lindenwood	2013: First-team AP Little All-American.  American Football Coaches Association All-American. Led team with 4 INTs.	Outstanding body and arm length -- looks the part. Good athlete with loose hips and a fluid pedal. Superb two-year production on the ball. Natural interceptor -- attacks the ball in the air like a receiver and tracks it very well. Plays big in critical situations. Very confident demeanor. Outstanding zone instincts -- sees patterns developing and jumps routes. Solid tackler. Experienced, four-year starter. Mature, accountable father of two. Solid character. Durable and has battled through injuries.
								Regularly matched up against inferior competition, inflating production, and was not challenged enough. Average timed speed. Loses a half-step in transition and will struggle to carry NFL receivers vertically. Could stand to do a better job wrapping as a tackler and filling faster -- does not always play to his size in the run game. Overaged.
							
2014	Justin Ellis	2543812	DT	Louisiana Tech	2013: C-USA All-Conference Honorable Mention. 48 tackles, 5.5 TFL. 2012: Played 8 games, started 2. Missed time with ankle injury. 21 tackles. 2011: Played 13 games, started 11. Second-team All-WAC. 2010: Played in 4 games, no starts. 2009: Redshirted. High School: Two-time first-team all-District 2-4A in Louisiana. Competed in track and field (shot put). Third in state in shot put as junior.	Good anchor strength -- is seldom inverted or moved off a spot. Can stack the line and occupy blockers. 
								Short with short limbs and a lot of extra concentrated weight in his midsection. Limited athlete. Tires easily and tends to stand straight up and get caught on blocks (marginal extension). Does not show violence in his hands. Is not a pass rusher. Has missed time with foot and ankle injuries associated with excessive weight that he has struggled maintaining. 
							
2014	Hakeem Smith	2543813	FS	Louisville	Three-time first-team All-Conference.  Played in all 52 games in career, starting the final 51. First Louisville player since Ronnie Ghent (2000-03) to earn all-conference honors 4 times. 2013: Started all 13 games. 1 INT, 1 sack vs. Rutgers. 2012: Started all 13 games. 10 tackles, FF vs. Kentucky. 2011: Started all 13 games. 10 tackles, FF at West Virginia. 10 tackles, FF at Connecticut. 5 tackles, INT at South Florida. 2010: Big East Newcomer of the Year. Second-team All-Big East. Played all 13 games, starting final 12. 2009: Redshirted. High School: Two-star prospect (Rivals) out of Georgia. Team captain as a senior.	Plays under control with a balanced pedal. Alert in zone coverage. Plays the ball well in front of him and will go up to get it. Functional playing range -- can interchange. Experienced, four-year starter with good overall production. Good football intelligence. Has proven to be very durable (despite light frame). 
								Thinly built with the frame of a cornerback. Minimal striking power. Not aggressive supporting the run and is often a tick late to arrive. Marginal ball skills -- just four career interceptions as a four-year starter. Tends to play tall and gets caught flat-footed. Not natural with his back to the ball. Average transitional quickness -- can be exposed in man coverage. 
							
2014	Preston Brown	2543814	ILB	Louisville	2013: Second-team All-AAC. Led team with 98 tackles. Returned fumble 48 yards for TD vs. Memphis. 2012: Second-team All-Big East. Started all 13 games. Six double-digit tackle performances. Had 17 tackles vs. USF. 13 tackles, INT vs. Cincinnati. 13 tackles in Sugar Bowl win over Florida. 2011: Played in 13 games, started 11. Had 12 tackles vs. Murray State. 2010: Appeared in all 13 games at linebacker and on special teams. High School: First team All-District in Ohio.	Outstanding size. Physical tackler. Steps downhilll and attacks the run with the proper shoulder. Good eyes and instincts. Delivers some pop on contact and strikes with force. Experienced three-year starter. Good football intelligence -- makes the calls and lines up a defense. 
								Shows some tightness in his movement. Struggles to carry backs and match up with athletic tight ends in man coverage. Limited depth in coverage drops -- is best in small areas. Average coverage instincts. Requires some motivation.
							
2014	Evan Gill 	2543815	DT	Manitoba (Canada)	2013: Canada West All Star. Played 8 games. Led the team with 3.0 sacks. 2012: Played 8 games. Had 35 tackles, 2.5 TFL, 1.0 sack. 2011: Played 8 games. Had 44 tackles, 6.5 TFL, 3.5 sacks. 2010: Redshirted.	Well-built. Looks the part. Carries his weight well. Good strength. Has a quick first step and wins at the snap. Hardworking and humble. Self-motivated. Strong football pedigree -- has been around football all his life.
								Raw technician. Is light for the inside and needs to continue adding mass to his frame. Is still growing into his body and learning to play in the middle -- hand use is unrefined.  
							
2014	Laurent Duvernay-Tardif	2543816	OT	McGill (Canada)	CFL Scouting Bureau?s top-rated prospect for 2014 CFL Draft. Began career on defensive line, switched to offense in 2011. Weighed 253 pounds when he reported as a freshman. 2013: J.P. Metras Trophy (Canadian Interuniversity Sport Most Outstanding Lineman). Started 8 games. CIS All-Canadian. 2012: Started all 9 games. CIS All-Canadian. 2011: Started all 9 games. 2010: Played 6 games, starting 3.	Looks the part with outstanding upper-body strength and massive quads. Stout anchor in pass protection. Violent shock in his punch. Plays with a nasty temperament and seeks to bury defenders into the ground. Aggressive run blocker -- runs his feet on contact and plays beyond the whistle. Is physically and mentally tough and will play through pain (fought through a torn left labrum injury as a senior and never took himself out of a game or missed time). Highly intelligent (in medical program) and football smart. Can take concepts from the board to the field. 
								Raw technician. Lunges overagressively and loses positioning. Can learn to play under more control and take better angles. Average recovery speed vs. inside counters. Lets defenders into his body and does not replace his hands -- slow to reload after initial strike (though he was playing through a shoulder injury). Will need to adjust to playing a yard off the ball (Canadian rules) and getting into blocks more quickly. 
							
2014	Allen Hurns	2543817	WR	Miami	Finished career at Miami seventh in school history with 121 receptions and 1,891 yards. 2013: Second-team All-ACC. Played all 13 games, starting 11. Led team in receptions (62) and yards (1,162). Second on team with 6 TD grabs. 1,162 receiving yards is a school record. 2012: Played 11 games, starting 8. Had 28 catches for 314 yards. Tied for team lead with 4 TDs. 2011: Played all 12 games, starting 7. Finished third on team in catches (31) and yards (415). 2010: Played 9 games, mostly on special teams. High School: Three-star recruit (Rivals) out of Florida.	Good length and competitive speed. Runs hard after the catch. Adjusted well to frequent errant throws.
								Narrow-framed and non-physical. Struggles to separate against tight man coverage. Lacks polish and precision in his routes. Average burst out of his breaks. Is not a burner -- limited long speed. Soft blocker.  
							
2014	Jeremy Gallon	2543818	WR	Michigan	Set school record with reception in 39 consecutive games. Holds Big Ten record for receiving yards in a single game (369 vs. Indiana, 2013). Also returned kicks. 2013: Second-team All-Big Ten. Named team MVP. Played all 13 games, starting 12. 2012: Honorable mention All-Big Ten. Played all 13 games, starting 12. Led team with 49 receptions for 829 yards and 4 TDs. 2011: Played in all 13 games at WR, starting once. Had 31 receptions, 453 yards, 3 TDs. 2010: Played in 12 games. Caught 4 passes for 49 yards, 1 TD.	Fine route savvy to read coverage and uncover in zones. Good hand-eye coordination. Runs hard with good balance and vision after the catch. Outstanding production. Identifies with the game and is very passionate about it. Has return experience.
								Short with a limited catching radius. Lacks top-end speed to separate vertically or run away from a crowd (consistently tracked down from behind). Not a natural hands catcher and will often body the ball. Lacks dynamic run skills for an undersized receiver. Much of his production results from schemed bubble screens and lateral tosses. Underpowered blocker.
							
2014	Max Bullough	2543819	ILB	Michigan St.	2013: Third-team AP All-American. First-team All-Big Ten. Suspended for Rose Bowl (disciplinary reasons). 9 tackles, 1 TFL vs. Minnesota. 10 tackles, 1.0 sack vs. Purdue. 2012: First-team All-Big Ten. Butkus Award semifinalist (nation?s top LB). Started all 13 games. Academic All-Big Ten. 12 tackles, FF vs. Ohio State. 9 tackles, 2 sacks at Wisconsin. 2011: Second-team All-Big Ten. Started all 14 games and led team with 89 tackles. Academic All-Big Ten. 9 tackles, sack at Ohio State. 13 tackles, sack at Iowa. 2010: Enrolled in January for spring semester. Played in all 13 games as a true freshman. High School: SuperPrep All-American in Michigan. Two-time All-State selection. Misc: Third-generation Spartan. Grandfather, Hank, was a guard (1952-54) and father Shane played LB (1983-86). His other grandfather, Jim Morse, played RB at Notre Dame (1954-56). His uncles Chuck Bullough (Michigan State, linebacker, 1988-91), Bobby Morse (Michigan State, running back, 1983-86) and Jim Morse (Notre Dame, cornerback, 1976-77) played college football. Younger brother, Riley, is a RB at Michigan State.	Terrific football intelligence. Keys and diagnoses quickly, understands run fits and spills willingly. Physical -- good take-on/tackle strengh between the tackles. Pursues hard. Good tackler when he's able to square up ball carriers. Two-year captain with outstanding football character. Leads vocally and by example. Football is in his blood and approaches the game accordingly.
								Average athlete. Not explosive. Tight hips (exposed in space). Limited foot speed, lateral agility and range. Can be late to the perimeter. Struggles in man coverage and is stiff dropping/turning in coverage.
							
2014	Brock Vereen	2543820	FS	Minnesota	Played in every game his final 3 seasons, starting 32. Played both safety and CB during career, playing both as senior in 2013. 2013: First-team All-Big Ten. Started all 13 games. Switched from safety to CB during the season. Had 56 tackles, 1 INT. 2012: Played all 13 games, starting 7 at safety. Had 64 tackles and 2 INTs. 2011: Started all 12 games at CB. Had 67 tackles, 3.5 TFL, 1 INT. 2010: Played 9 games, starting 4. Had 10 tackles. High School: No. 66 CB in the nation (Rivals). Three-star recruit out of Southern California. Misc: Brother, Shane, plays for the New England Patriots and father, Henry, was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.	Very good athlete with fluid movement skills and good range. Competes hard. Runs the alley and can negotiate traffic. Good zone awareness and route recognition. Understands angles and leverage. Can carry receivers in man coverage with little wasted movement in transition on speed turns. Good leaping ability. Very smart, motivated, team player with a passion for the game. Can line up the defense. Outstanding work ethic. Contributes as a gunner on special teams. Has NFL pedigree. 
								Has tiny hands, short arms and lacks overall bulk. Does not have ideal length to match up with NFL tight ends in coverage. Not an explosive hitter or forceful tackler. Hands are suspect -- smothers the ball and  has just four career interceptions. Long-term durability could be a concern. 
							
2014	Ja-Mes Logan	2543821	WR	Mississippi	2013: Played 12 games, starting 11. Back-to-back 100-yard games vs. Idaho and Arkansas. 2012: Played all 13 games, starting 5. Second on team with 43 receptions. 2011: Played 12 games, starting 4. Third on team with 20 catches, 274 yards. 2010: Played all 12 games, starting 5. Had 5 receptions, 84 yards, 1 TD at Arkansas. High School: SuperPrep All-Region selection in Texas. No. 124 WR in the nation (Scout).	Solid production. 
								Has short arms and small hands. Very thin-framed. Marginal speed. Missed final bowl game reportedly due to academic ineligibility. 
							
2014	LaDarius Perkins	2543822	RB	Mississippi St.	2013: Played in and started 12 games, missing the Alcorn State game with foot injury. Did not rush for 100-plus yards in a game, but had 102 from scrimmage vs. Oklahoma State. 2012: Started 12 games, missing the LSU game due to quad injury. Rushed for at least a TD in each of team?s first 7 games. 179 yards, TD at Troy.	Compact and muscular. Strong hips. Quick-footed and shifty. Good acceleration from static start. Short-area burst is best asset. Stops and starts quickly. Darts through holes. Hits another gear when he gets into the second level. Competitive speed. Willing blocker. Led team in all-purpose yards as redshirt freshman. Well-respected team captain with outstanding football and personal character. 
								Lacks ideal bulk to handle a heavy workload week to week. Has some hip tightness. Average eyes and instincts. Not a pile mover. Tends to pitter patter instead of pressing the hole. Gears down to cut. Did not put the ball on the ground often, but carries loosely and at times in the wrong hand.
							
2014	E.J. Gaines	2543823	CB	Missouri	2013: First-team All-SEC. Finished third on team with 75 tackles. Had team-high 5 INTs. Missed two games with a leg injury. 2012: Started all 12 games. 13 tackles at UCF. 10 tackles, 1 INT at Texas A&M. 2011: First-team All-Big 12. Set school single-season record with 18 passes defensed. INT vs. Oklahoma State. 10 tackles, 4 PBU vs. Texas A&M. 2010: Played all 13 games. Had 8 tackles at Texas Tech. High School: No. 51-ranked CB (Rivals) out of Missouri. Two-time first-team All-State.	Looks the part with good muscularity and thin ankles. Fills aggressively and supports the run. Likes to hit. Plays with confidence and carries a swagger. Good attitude and football demeanor. Competes hard and brings energy to the field. Good eyes and route recognition. Has experience matching up with slot receivers in nickel coverage and has returned punts. Very good career production on the ball. Proven special teams coverage defender. 
								Is short and short-armed. Plays a lot into the boundary. Shows some tightness in his hips. Average transitional quickness -- lacks ideal burst and acceleration to recover and close ground. Can do a better job disengaging from blocks. Most of interception production stemmed from tips and overthrown balls (not created). Average hands.
							
2014	Justin Britt	2543824	OT	Missouri	Started 36 games at LT in last 3 seasons, missing 3 games in 2012 after tearing ACL. 2013: Second team All-SEC. Started all 14 games at LT. 2012: Started the first 9 games before tearing his ACL against Florida. 2011: Started all 13 games at LT.	Solid build with a stout base and long torso. Quick enough to cut off the outside rush and give help where it is needed. Recognizes the blitz and displays good enough agility to adjust to movement. Good work ethic. Very good weight-room strength -- cleans nearly 400 pounds. 
								Operates out of a 2-point stance in a spread-option offense. Falls off blocks and does not finish. Very average sustain. Limited body control and recovery speed. Late to reach the block point on the second level. Does not create movement in the run game. Gives too much ground in pass protection. 
							
2014	Danny Kistler Jr.	2543825	OT	Montana	2013: First-team All-Big Sky. American Football Coaches Association FCS All-American Team. First-team AP FCS All-American. Started all 13 games at RT. 2012: First-team All-Big Sky. Started all 11 games at RT. 2011: Second-team All-Big Sky. Started all 14 games at RG. 2010: Played 9 games, starting 2 at LG. High School: Missed most of senior year in Seattle with torn lateral ligament in his left ankle and a broken right hand. Misc: Didn't play football until freshman year of high school.	Tough competitor. Flashes a mean streak. Good work ethic. Coachable. Vocal leader. Good football character. 
								Plays upright. Limited athlete. Lacks lower-body explosion. Marginal weight-room strength. 
							
2014	Cody Peterson	2543826	OLB	Navy	Went to Navy as a FB, switched to OLB and then to ILB in the spring of 2012. 2013: FBS All-Independent. Co-captain. 142 tackles 5.5 TFL. 12 tackles at Notre Dame. 18 tackles at San Jose State. 2012: Played all 13 games, starting final 8. Season-high 14 tackles vs. Army. 2011: Played in 5 games on special teams before suffering a season-ending shoulder injury. 2010: Did not see action. High School: First-team All-State (Washington) at RB. On the 2009 state championship-winning 4x100 relay team.	Good tackle production. Plays under control with good intensity. Defensive team captain. 
								Is light-framed with marginal speed. Does not play downhill. Stays blocked too long and is late to disengage. Average burst. Not a forceful tackler. Tight-hipped in coverage. 
							
2014	Jeremiah Sirles	2543827	OT	Nebraska	2013: Honorable mention All-Big Ten. Started first 8 games at LT before switching to RT for the final 5. 2012: Second-team All-Big Ten. Started all 14 games at RT. 2011: Missed spring ball after offseason shoulder surgery. Played in 12 games at LT. 2010: Started all 14 games at LT. 1 of 3 freshman to start for team.	Has a big body with very long arms. Good football aptitude. Has played both sides. Three-year starter. Solid personal and football character. Good soldier who works hard and takes to coaching.
								Limited hip snap and explosion. Average foot athlete. Stiff movement. Bends at the waist, gets his weight over his toes and falls off blocks. Struggles to shadow counters. Does not consistently generate movement in the run game.


							
2014	Quincy Enunwa	2543828	WR	Nebraska	2013: Started all 13 games. Set school single-season record with 12 receiving TDs. 3-plus receptions in 12 of 13 games. 4 receptions, 129 yards, 2 TDs vs. Georgia in Gator Bowl. 2012: Started all 14 games, catching a pass in every one. Had 5 games with 4-plus receptions. 2011: Played in all 13 games, starting 7. 2010: Played in 10 games. High School: 40 receptions for nearly 600 yards, 15 TDs as senior in Southern California.	Looks the part with terrific size, long arms and an NFL musculature. Can elevate and snatch throws above his head. Strong after the catch. Sheer size and brawn to block out corners outside. Has hustle traits. Knows where the sticks are and is very football smart. Excellent intangibles -- team captain with a professional approach and leadership traits. Was a 21-year-old senior.
								Lacks elite top-end speed to separate vertically. Shows some hip tightness. Is not fluid or sudden out of breaks (wastes steps). Not a natural catcher -- lets throws into his body, double catches some and drops catchable throws. 
							
2014	Dillon Farrell	2543829	C	New Mexico	Started 37 games at center, 6 games at right tackle, 2 games at left tackle. 2013: Honorable mention All-MWC. Started 11 games at center. Missed game with MCL sprain. 2012: Honorable mention All-MWC. Started all 13 games at center. 2011: Started 6 games at right tackle, 2 games at left tackle, 1 game at center. Appeared in all 12 games. 2010: Started all 12 games at center. First UNM freshman to start at center since Ryan Cook in 2002. 2009: Redshirted. High School: First-team all-Louisiana offensive lineman in 2008 as senior. Misc: Father, Bill, played linebacker at LSU from 1977-79.	Good arm and body length. Can get initial positioning. 
								Struggles to anchor and hold a charge. Spends too much time on the ground. Lacks the lower-body strength and power to move defenders off the ball. Plays too tall and does not sustain. 
							
2014	Tre  Boston	2543830	SS	North Carolina	Started all 25 games in final 2 seasons. 2013: Second-team All-ACC. 15 tackles, 2 PBU vs. Duke. 2012: Honorable mention All-ACC. Led team with 86 tackles. INT returned for TD at Virginia. 2011: 12 tackles at Va. Tech. 10 tackles at N.C. State. 2010: Played 10 games, starting 4. Missed 3 games (sprained ankle). 9 tackles at Virginia. High School: Ranked the No. 37 player in Florida (Scout). Misc: Full name is Jayestin Tre'von Boston. Wears No. 10 so he can say "Bos-10."	Drops downhill quickly and can slip into short hole. Can secure tackles in the box when he has a clear path. Snagged 13 career interceptions. Has played safety and cornerback. Vocal leader of secondary. Three-year starter. Was a 21-year-old senior.
								Needs to get stronger. Average instincts, diagnose and anticipation. Choppy pedal and stiff transition. Limited range -- does not cover ground off the hash. Takes some inaccurate angles and struggles to break down in space. Selective hitter and inconsistent tackler in general. Could rub some people the wrong way.
							
2014	Marcus Williams	2543831	CB	North Dakota St.	School-record 21 career INTs. Three-time first-team AP FCS All-American. Three-time first-team All-Missouri Valley Football Conference. 2013: Started 13 games. Returned 2 INTs for a TD. 2012: MVFC Defensive Player of the Year. Started 14 games. Had 2 INTs in FCS Championship. Finished with 7 INTs, 11 PBU. 2011: Started all 15 games. Scored 3 defensive TDs, including 2 at Minnesota. Finished with 7 INTs, 15 PBU. 2010: MVFC All-Newcomer team. Honorable mention All-MVFC. Played 14 games, starting 12. 2009: Redshirted. High School: Three-year starter at WR and DB in Minneapolis. 	Good size and ball production. Mirrors the receiver's release. Functions in zone. Special teams experience as a returner and gunner. Competes in the air. Vocal leader. Four-year starter at the preeminent FCS program.
								Average athlete for the position. Will struggle to mirror sudden receivers. Gets lax with technique. Too often opens the gate. Loses separation at the break point. Minimal recovery speed. Inconsistent ball reactions. Misses too many tackles (ankle biter). Did not have a strong performance against Kansas State, nor did he dominate FCS competition.
							
2014	Zach Bauman	2543832	RB	Northern Arizona	Finished as school?s all-time leader in rushing yards, all-purpose yards, carries and points. Three-time first-team All-Big Sky (2011, '12, '13). Four straight 1,000-yard seasons. 2013: Rushed for 100-plus yards in 7 of 12 games. 2012: Rushed for 253 yards vs. Montana. Started all 11 games. 2011: Rushed for 1,435 yards, third-best in school history. Fourth in FCS with 130.5 rushing yards per game. Started all 11 games. 2010: 1,059 rushing yards, freshman school record. High School: Helped team to back-to-back Arizona state championships. Second-team all-state as senior. Misc: Cousin, Rashad Bauman, played CB in the NFL for the Redskins and Bengals. Cousin, Greg Pruitt, played in 4 Super Bowls.	Runs hard. Effective, dependable short receiver -- adjusts to throws and has good hands to pull in throws off his body.  Willing blocker. Is tough and will play hurt. Team captain with outstanding intangibles. Productive, durable, four-year starter. Has NFL bloodlines.
								Is undersized and has small hands. Frame is nearly maxed out. Not built to pound between the tackles. Pedestrian speed. Not explosive. Gears down to cut. Short on functional strength -- gets overpowered as a blocker and struggles to break tackles.
							
2014	Jordan Lynch	2543833	QB	Northern Illinois	Third in Heisman voting in 2013. Two-time AP All-American (2012-13). 2013: Became fifth player in NCAA history with 20-plus rushing and passing TDs. Semifinalist for the Walter Camp and Davey O'Brien Award. Broke NCAA single-game QB rushing record at WMU (321). 2012: Second-team AP All-American (all-around player). Broke 4 NCAA, two MAC, and 14 school records in first year as starter. Led school to first BCS berth ever for a MAC school. Seventh in Heisman voting. Set NCAA FBS record for rushing yards and 100-yard games (12) by a QB. Accounted for 44 TDs. 2011: Served as backup behind Chandler Harnish. Played in 13 games as a change-of-pace QB. 2010: Served as backup behind Harnish. Played in 9 games, often for a series or two. 2009: Redshirted. High School: Played safety on USA Football?s 2009 gold medal-winning junior national team.	Highly competitive and passionate about the game. Tough, physical runner  -- drops his shoulder and barrels through contact with determination. Very good straight-line speed. Exceptional production. Outstanding work habits. Carried the offense and willed the team to victory. 
								Is short and operates heavily in the gun in an offense that features rolling pockets that allow him to see the field more clearly. Many of his throws involve simplified, one-look reads to stationary targets. Tends to bird-dog his primary target. Is jittery and quick to tuck and run in the pocket. Accuracy is sporadic at each layer, short to deep. Must improve timing and anticipation.
							
2014	Bennett Jackson	2543834	CB	Notre Dame	Played in all 52 games in career, starting final 26. 2013: FBS All-Independent Team. Started all 13 games. Returned an INT 34 yards at Purdue for a TD. 2012: Started all 13 games. Ranked third on the team with 65 tackles, behind only Manti Te?o and Zeke Motta. 2 tackles, 2 INTs vs. Purdue. 9 tackles, INT vs. Michigan. 4 tackles, INT vs. Stanford. 2011: Played in all 13 games. 2010: Played in all 13 games as a true freshman. Named Notre Dame Special Teams Player of the Year. 29 kick returns for 645 yards (22.2 avg.). High School: 4 INTs as a senior. Also played offense with 40 receptions for 729 yards and 20 rushes for 350 yards. Scored 13 total TDs and made 53 PATs. Second-team All-State (New Jersey).	Good height and hands (former WR). Tough and durable. Has special-teams experience. Team captain with leadership traits and solid football and personal character.
								Could stand to bulk up and get stronger. Technique needs work. Choppy transition. Allows too much separation too often. Weak jam. Leaky tackler. Ordinary production on the ball. Still developing positional instincts. Reactive instead of anticipatory.
							
2014	Prince  Shembo	2543835	OLB	Notre Dame	Started all 26 games in last two seasons. 2013: Honorable Mention FBS All-Independent Team. 3 sacks vs. Arizona State. 2012: Had 51 tackles, 10.5 TFL, and 7.5 sacks. Second on team in TFL and sacks behind Stephon Tuitt. 2011: Played 12 games, starting 8. Had 6 games with 3-plus tackles including USC, Navy, and Pittsburgh. 2010: One of three N.D. freshman to play in every game. High School: SuperPrep All-American from North Carolina. Played just 5 games as senior due to ankle injury. Misc: Father fled the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 1986, but is unable to work after suffering a brain aneurysm in 2011.	Large hands. Good balance and knee bend. Strong and physical -- can stuff tight ends and is surprisingly robust at the point of attack. Flows laterally and pursues to the boundary. Strong tackler. Flashes power-leverage potential. Effective stunting and looping. Operated from 2- and 3-point stance and played on special teams.
								Lacks ideal body length, elite flexibility and closing speed. Average eyes and instincts (see-and-go reactor). Can improve hand use. Hip tightness shows in space and when required to drop into coverage. 
							
2014	T.J.  Jones	2543836	WR	Notre Dame	2013: FBS All-Independent Team. Played in all 13 games with 7 starts. Five 100-yard games in 2013 (none in first 3 seasons). Led team in all major receiving categories. Had a TD in 7 straight games. 9 receptions, 94 yards, 1 TD at Michigan. 2012: FBS All-Independent Team. Played in all 13 games with 11 starts. 7 receptions for 90 yards vs. Alabama in BCS National Championship. 2011: Played in all 13 games with 12 starts. 2010: Played in 12 games with 7 starts. Missed Utah game with hamstring injury. 3 receptions for 73 yards, TD vs. Michigan. High School: As senior, finished with 76 receptions for 1,399 yards and 18 TDs. SuperPrep All-American in Georgia.	Fluid movement with good balance and body control. Releases cleanly and accelerates off the line. Excellent route runner. Sinks his hips and gets in and out of cuts cleanly to create separation. Adjusts to throws and has soft, reliable hands. Exhibits field awareness and is quarterback friendly. Quick and slippery after the catch. Comes from football family. Durable and experienced. Mature, likeable, intelligent team captain.

								Could stand to add some body armor and improve functional strength. Average physicality. Lacks elite top-end speed. Not exceptionally explosive, nor is he a go-up-and-get-it guy. Limited kick-return experience.
							
2014	Tommy Rees 	2543837	QB	Notre Dame	Threw for 7,670 yards in four seasons at Notre Dame, third in school history. 2013: Honorable mention All-Independent Team. Became third ND QB with 3,000 pass yards in a season. 300-plus yards in first 3 games. 142 yards, 1 TD vs. Michigan State. 284 yards, 5 TDs at Air Force. 2012: Played 11 games, starting 2 (Miami and BYU). 2011: Honorable mention All-Independent Team. Played 13 games, starting 12. Multiple TDs in 6 games. 200-plus yards in 8 games. 315 yards, 3 TDs, 2 INTs at Michigan. 2010: Played 9 games, starting 4 and winning all 4. Became first Irish QB to win bowl game as freshman. High School: 2,572 yards, 23 TDs as senior in Illinois. Misc: Father, Bill, is a college scout with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. He also has worked for the Bears, Browns, Chiefs and 49ers. 	Is smart and has a good understanding of football concepts. Nice release and generally gets rid of the ball in timely fashion. Gives his receivers a chance to make a play. Has 31 career starts and has handled the pressure of performing on the biggest of stages. Mentally tough (did not wither under microscope). Showed he could come in cold and move the team.
								Marginal arm talent and physical tools. Limited athlete. Struggles to improvise and create plays once the pocket breaks down -- cannot manipulate his arm and throwing platform. Has never been a full-time starter.
							
2014	Travis Carrie	2543838	CB	Ohio	2013: First-team All-MAC (PR). Third-team All-MAC (DB). 2 INTs returned for TD vs. UMass. Played 13 games, starting 11. Had 4 INTs. 2012: Medical redshirt after undergoing shoulder surgery in offseason. 2011: Second-team All-MAC. Played 14 games, starting 12. 2010: Started 12 games. Season-high 8 tackles at Ohio State. 2009: Redshirted. 2008: Played in 11 games, started at Northwestern. High School: Won California state championship. First-team all-conference.	Outstanding size -- looks the part of an NFL defensive back with a sculpted physique. Equipped to jam. Has speed to carry receivers vertically. Good zone awareness and ball reactions. Good hands to intercept. Sets the edge in run support. Smart and instinctive. Confident and competitive. Was a productive punt returner and has worked as a gunner.
								Tweener traits. Pedals tight. Shows some stiffness in his pedal and transition. Footwork needs to be coached up. Does not explode out of transition or display burst to recover. Average pop on contact. Will be a 24-year-old rookie -- missed two full seasons because of hip and shoulder injuries.
							
2014	Gabe Ikard	2543839	C	Oklahoma	Started 50 of 52 career games. Three-time first-team All-Big 12. 2013 Campbell Trophy finalist, given to the nation?s top college football scholar athlete. 2013: Started all 13 games at C. 2012: Started 12 games at C. Did not play vs. Baylor because of head injury. 2011: Started all 13 games (6 at LG, 7 at C). 2010: Played in all 14 games with 12 starts at LG. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played TE and DE in high school . Four-year starter on three-time Oklahoma state championship basketball team. Misc: Graduated in May 2013 with Special Distinction and a 4.0 GPA in multidisciplinary studies with a focus in medical sciences.	Good grip strength. Uses his hands well to control and steer defenders. Highly intelligent. Plays smart. Sets the protections and makes line calls. Tough and dependable. Experienced, four-year starter. Outstanding work habits. Exceptional character. Charismatic, humble, well-grounded leader. Versatile. 
								Is on the ground a lot. Limited athlete. Average play strength. Can be overwhelmed by size and struggle to cut off speed. Could stand to do a better job finishing blocks. 
							
2014	Brennan Clay	2543840	RB	Oklahoma	2013: Played in all 13 games, starting 11. Had 7 receptions for 36 yards and rushed for additional 44 yards vs. Alabama in Sugar Bowl. 200 yards rushing, 2 TDs at Kansas State. 2012: Played in all 13 games as RB, WR, and KR. Game-winning TD run in OT vs. Oklahoma State. 2011: Started 4 games, including first 3. Part of a rotation. Third on team with 274 yards rushing. 2010: Saw action as backup RB and KR. High School: 5-star recruit (Scout). Rushed for 2,026 yards and 26 TDs in 2009. Misc: Related to the Falcons' Jacquizz and James Rodgers, according to school bio.	Nice patience. Efficient mover. Can catch out of the backfield. Tread remaining on his tires. Tough and durable. Hardworking and dependable. 
								Lacks ideal bulk and speed. Was never the feature back (ordinary production). Average burst to and through the hole. Limited power, creativity and elusiveness. Cannot drag the pile or string moves together.
							
2014	Blake Jackson	2543841	TE	Oklahoma St.	Transferred to Oklahoma State after two years at Scottsdale (Ariz.) CC. 2013: Played in 5 games, missing several due to an unspecified injury. 2012: Played 13 games, starting six. Led team with a 19.9-yard average. Had 12 receptions for 20-plus yards. Scottsdale CC: 62 catches, 934 yards and 16 TDs en route to securing first-team All-America honors as a sophomore in 2011. Caught 33 passes for 540 yards and 9 TDs as a freshman in 2010. High School: Played WR in Arizona in run-heavy offense.	Big, athletic-looking target. 
								Very marginal production. Has underachiever tendencies. Not a consistent catcher. Shows only one gear. Ran a limited route tree with little polish. Straight-linish.  
							
2014	Daytawion Lowe	2543842	FS	Oklahoma St.	Started all 39 games in final three seasons. 2013: Started all 13 games, was second on team with 87 tackles and was named second-team All-Big 12. 2012: Started all 13 games was tied for the team lead with 75 tackles. 2011: Started all 13 games, led team with 97 tackles. Had a season-high 12 tackles and a fumble recovery against Kansas State. 2010: Redshirted due to shoulder injury and surgery. 2009: Played in 11 games on special teams. Missed two games due to injury. High school: Was a state runner-up in the 400 meters.	Productive, three-year starter. 
								Has limitations in coverage -- lacks awareness in zones and burst to keep phase with receivers. Not quick off spots. Low-percentage tackler (misses too many). Marginal athletic ability. Has been slowed by injuries. 
							
2014	Rashaad Reynolds	2543843	CB	Oregon St.	Was second-team All-Pac-12 selection in 2013 and honorable mention All-Pac-12 in 2012. 2013: Tied for team lead with six interceptions and forced two fumbles. 2012: Was second in the Pac-12 with 16 passes defensed. Was second on team wiht 75 tackles. 2011: Started all 12 games, and had career-high 14 tackles against BYU. 2010: Started all 12 games as redshirt freshman and tied for team lead in special teams tackles with 12. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played both quarterback and cornerback, and earned All-City honors twice as quarterback and once as cornerback. Was a part of two state wrestling championships.	Very good football-playing instincts. Good eyes, anticipation and awareness. Extremely athletic. Transitions easily with loose hips and clean footwork. Quick, agile and light on his feet. Aggressively fills vs. the run. Solid tackler. Plays with discipline. Good leaping ability. Has a special-teams temperament and excels as a gunner. Extremely smart and football smart. Outstanding personal and football character. Highly respected, team leader. Very durable, experienced, three-year starter.  
								Thinly built and lacks ideal strength. Can be knocked back in a pile and could stand to strike with more pop and explosion. Recovery speed is only average. 
							
2014	Glenn Carson	2543844	ILB	Penn St.	Started all 24 games since junior season. 2013: Started all 12 games, and led team with 90 tackles. Also had 10-plus tackles in five games. 2012: Started all 12 games at middle linebacker. 2011: Played in 13 games and made 11 starts. 2010: Shifted from linebacker to fullback in preseason and then back to linebacker. Played in all 13 games. High school: Was a first-team All-State player as a senior. Was a three-time state finalist as a wrestler.	Secure tackler. Can drop adequately into short zone. Has a special-teams mentality. Team captain and three-year starter with solid personal and football character. Smart, hardworking and competitive. 
								Needs to improve functional strength. Does not play with pop or power in his hands and gets stuck on blocks. Not a striker. Takes false steps. Average play speed. Tight hips. Doesn't play downhill. Struggles to keep pace with athletic tight ends. 
							
2014	John Urschel	2543845	OG	Penn St.	Started 23 of 37 games played. Was the winner of the William V. Campbell Trophy as the nation's premier college football scholar athlete. Graduated with a 4.0 in mathematics in 2012 and a master's in math in 2013 (also a 4.0). Had a paper published, "Instabilities of the Sun-Jupiter-Asteroid Three Body Problem", in the journal "Celestial Mechanics and Dynamical Astronomy". Was a two-time first-team All-Big Ten honoree and was a third-team AP All-American in 2013. 2013: Started 11 games and was a first-team All-Big Ten selection. 2012: Started all 12 games at right guard and was a first-team All-Big Ten selection. 2011: Played in 11 games, and helped lead Big Ten in fewest sacks allowed (14 in 13 games). 2010: Played in three games. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played defensive tackle.	Highly intelligent -- will be successful with or without football. Engages quickly. Good leverage, balance and body control. Works his feet and hips to position and seal. Can pull and trap and work up to the second level very quickly. Protects with awareness. Shuffles, slides and mirrors. Three-year starter. Team captain. Sparkling intangibles. Well-versed in a pro-style offense having played for newly minted Texans coach Bill O'Brien.
								Lacks ideal size and plays short-armed. Functional strength is just adequate -- gets pushed back. Is not explosive or powerful. Lets defenders cross his face and struggles to reach. Athletic ability is average.
							
2014	Stephen Obeng-Agyapong	2543846	SS	Penn St.	Played both safety and linebacker at Penn State. 2013: Played in 12 games, started four, and made 34 tackles. 2012: Played in all 12 games, starting in 11. 2011: Played in all 10 games, playing defense and special teams in every game but not making a start. 2010: Played in 13 games and was an academic All-Big Ten. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played both free safety and running back. Had 719 rushing yards, six touchdowns, 130 tackles and four interceptions in senior year.	Football smart. Has special-teams experience. Solid character. Mature and hardworking.
								Part-time starter with marginal production. Average athletic ability and transitional quickness. Marginal instincts. Lacks knockback body power. Liability in coverage.
							
2014	John Brown	2543847	WR	Pittsburg St. (KS)	Three-time AP Little All-American as all-purpose player. Was 2013 MIAA Special Teams Player of the Year. 2013: Second-team AP Little All-American as all-purpose player. First-team All-MIAA player as kick returner and wide receiver. 2012: First-team AP Little All-American as all-purpose player. First-team All-MIAA as kick returner and wide receiver. Started 10 games and led team with 63 receptions for 973 yards and eight touchdowns. 2011: Second-team AP Little All-American as all-purpose player. First-team All-MIAA as kick returner. Second-team All-MIAA as wide receiver. Led team with 61 receptions for 1,216 yards and 12 touchdowns. 2011: Redshirted at Coffeyville Community College. 2009: Did not play. 2008: Played at Mars Hill and was South Atlantic Conference Freshman of the Year. Played in 11 games, starting in two. Caught 27 passes for 619 yards and seven touchdowns. High school: All-Dade County as a senior.	Athletic and flexible. Accelerates off the line. Field fast. Stretches the field and tracks deep throws. Gets in and out of breaks quickly. Good hands. Playmaking ability as a receiver and return man. Has worked as a gunner. Well respected, coachable team captain.
								Lacks ideal size. Has very short arms and small hands. Limited functional strength. Can be jammed and rerouted. Can be outmuscled for contested catches. Cannot bust through tackles. Poor blocker. Will be a 24-year-old rookie.
							
2014	Nate Dreiling	2543848	OLB	Pittsburg St. (KS)	Four-time AP Little All-American. Made 100-plus tackles in three of four years. 2013: Started all 12 games. Was first-team AP Little All-American and first-team All-MIAA. 2012: Started all 10 games. Was third-team AP Little All-American and first-team All-MIAA. 2011: Started all 14 games and earned MIAA Defensive Player of the Year honors. Was first-team AP Little All-American and first-team All-MIAA. 2010: Was second-team AP Little All-American and MIAA Freshman of the Year. Started all 12 games and led Division II college football with 160 tackles. 2009: Redshirted. High school: First-team All-State as a senior.	Experienced, four-year starter with rare career production (nearly 500 career tackles). Tough. Plays hard and competes. Good form hitter. Is around the ball a lot.
								Heavy-footed and light-framed. Very average athletic ability. Marginal agility to re-direct. Lacks take-on strength. Inconsistent run fills. Production is heavily inflated from facing inferior competition. Limited range in coverage. 
							
2014	Bruce Gaston	2543849	DT	Purdue	Played in all 50 possible games as a senior. 2013: Led team with three sacks after playing in all 12 games. 2012: Started all 13 games 2011: Played in all 13 games, making nine starts. Had a sack in three consecutive games. 2010: Played in all 12 games and started in final 10 as a true freshman. High school: Chicago Tribune All-State selection as senior after recording 99 tackles and 16 sacks.	Eyes the ball. Good anchor strength and power to control the line and defend the run. Shows the ability to stack and shed. Can push the pocket. Flashes disruptive ability. Strong tackler. Nice balance, athletic ability and movement. Played multiple techniques. Durable four-year starter. Team captain.

								Does not overwhelm with his first step. Needs to generate more power through his lower half. Limited playing range to the perimeter. Inconsistent, sluggish hands -- does not use his paws violently. Could stand to develop pass-rush moves and counters. Motor idles -- leaves effort on the field. Does not show an innate feel for blocking schemes. Average agility and lateral quickness.  

							
2014	Ricardo Allen	2543850	CB	Purdue	Earned all-conference honors all four seasons. Played in all 50 possible games in college career. Recorded 13 career interceptions, which is second most in school history. 2013: Honorable mention All-Big Ten. Led team with six interceptions. 2012: Second-team All-Big Ten. 2011: Second-team All-Big Ten. Had team-best three interceptions and returned one for a touchdown. 2010: Honorable mention All-Big Ten. Recorded team-best three interceptions and returned two for touchdowns.	Good athleticism and fluidity. Plants and drives with urgeny and shows good closing burst. Flashes playmaking ability (returned four of 13 career INTs for TDs). Active and energetic. Durable four-year starter. Team captain with solid personal and football character. 
								Undersized -- at a physical disadvantage vs. bigger receivers. Limited press and tackle strength. Eyes get stuck in the backfield -- vulnerable to quarterback manipulation and double moves. Average transitional quickness. Allows too big of a cushion. Intermittent run supporter. 
							
2014	Phillip Gaines	2543851	CB	Rice	Was suspended for 2013 season opener for undisclosed violation of team rules. A two-time first-team All-Conference-USA. 2013: Led team with four interceptions and was named first-team All-Conference-USA. 2012: Was named first-team All-Conference-USA after finishing second in nation iwth 18 passes defensed. 2011: Started three of three games before an injury. 2010: Started 10 of 12 games and finished third on team with 64 tackles. 2009: Started six of nine games as true freshman. Season was cut short due to a broken wrist. High school: Blocked five kicks during senior season. Was also a member of the track team.	Nice length. Can be deployed in zone coverage. Plays the pocket. Good production on the ball -- 35 passes defended the last two seasons. Tough and competitive. Is hardworking and well respected by coaches and teammates.
								Durability is a concern (has been dinged up). Underdeveloped and underpowered. Not equipped to handle man-to-man responsibility. Poor run supporter and tackler. Does not project as a core special-teams player. Tweener traits. 
							
2014	Kerry Wynn	2543852	DT	Richmond	2013: Was a third-team All-CAA selection after starting 10 games and recording a career-high 11 tackles against NC State. 2012: Started all 11 games and led team with 4.5 sacks and tied for most tackles for losses with eight. 2011: Started eight games and led team with four sacks and seven tackles for loss. 2010: Played in only three games due to an injury (stinger). 2009: Redshirted. High school: Led team in receiving with 32 catches for 428 yards and four touchdowns. Also led team in tackles and sacks (14).	Very good body length. Flashes some violence in his hands. Strong tackler. 
								Average playing speed and burst. Comes off the ball upright and stays blocked. Very inconsistent pad level. Late to locate and find the ball. Too easily controlled. 
							
2014	Antwan Lowery	2543853	OG	Rutgers	Started 20 of a possible 38 games and was a first-team All-Big East pick in 2012: 2013: Played in 11 games, but lost his starting job during spring camp as he struggled with personal issues and lost track of his weight. 2012: First-team All-Big East after moving from right guard to left guard and starting all 13 games. 2011: Played in four games and made three starts. 2010: Played in 10 games and started four after making switch to offensive line in spring practice. Would line up as a fullback occasionally in Wildcat packages. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Was an Under Armour All-American.	Outstanding size -- squarely built with ample girth. Has strength to anchor. Can wall off defenders. Plays with a load in his hands (strong punch) -- latches on and controls. 
								Has relatively small hands. Limited hip snap. Has balance and body control issues. Struggles to sustain. Can play with better awareness to locate threats. Lumbers to pull. Heavy legged in space and struggles to connect and sustain on the second level. Compete level and nastiness leave something to be desired. Could rub some people the wrong way. Poor work ethic and football character.


							
2014	Timothy Flanders	2543854	RB	Sam Houston St.	Was a two-time Southland Player of the Year and three-time AP FCS All-American. He is the only player in conference history with more than 5,000 rushing yards and more than 400 points scored. He is also the first player to lead the conference in four consecutive seasons. 2013: Was second-team AP FCS All-American and first-team All-Southland. Recorded third consecutive season with 1,000-plus rushing yards. Had 170 yards and two touchdowns against Texas A&M. 2012: Was Southland Player of the Year, third-team AP FCS All-American and first-team All-Southland. He set a school record with 10 100-yard games. 2011: Was Southland Player of the Year, second-team AP FCS All-American and first-team All-Southland. 2010: Southland Freshman of the Year and first-team All-Southland pick. Led conference with 948 rushing years, and set school record with six 100-plus yard games in a row. 2009: Redshirted at Kansas State. High school: Was Daily Oklahoman's Big All-City "Offensive Player of the Year" as a senior in 2008.	Thickly built with a low center of gravity. Good run vision and patience allowing holes to develop. Drives his legs on contact. Rose to the occasion vs. better competition (see Texas A&M). Very durable. Dedicated gym rat. Very gregarious, well-respected personality. 
								Has very small hands. Had 999 college carries and took a lot of hits. Average creativity -- not dynamic and does not string moves together. Lacks top-end speed to pull away from the pack. Not a powerful tackle-breaker and often goes down on initial contact (average yards after contact). Does not create his own hole. Will need work in pass protection.
							
2014	Bene  Benwikere	2543855	CB	San Jose St.	Is a two-time first-team all-conference pick (MWC and WAC). He was hospitalized after suffering a concussion during 2013 season, missing one game. 2013: Was a first-team All-MWC pick. Started 11 games, and had an interception in four consecutive games after returning from an injury. 2012: Was a first-team All-WAC pick. Played in all 13 games and made eight starts. 2011: Played in 10 games and made two starts. 2010: Played in all 13 games and made nine starts. High school: Helped team win 2009 CIF Division 3 state title. Also played basketball, and was a sprinter and jump on track and field team.	Good size. Excellent ball skills -- plays the ball in the air like a receiver. Competes in the air, can highpoint the ball and snag INTs with his hands. Quick to read run and pass. Has special-teams experience, including as a gunner and jammer. Good football intelligence. Demonstrated secondary versatility -- has played corner, safety and nickel back.
								Underdeveloped in the weight room. Lacks elite top-end speed. Struggled matching with the vertical speed of Stanford WR Ty Montgomery and much of production has come against lesser competition. Can shore up his tackling.
							
2014	Chandler Jones	2543856	WR	San Jose St.	Was a first-team all-MWC pick in 2013, a season in which he set a school record with 15 touchdowns. He is the only player in school history with 50 receptions in four seasons. 2013: First-team All-MWC pick. Had 146 yards and three touchdowns against Fresno State, and 197 yards and three touchdowns against Minnesota. 2012: Second-team All-WAC pick. Had a touchdown reception in eight games. 2011: Played in 12 games and started nine. 2010: Played in all 13 games and started three times. Finished third on the team with 54 receptions, 494 yards and one touchdown. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played football and was a member of the track and field team. His father, Mike Jones, is the offensive coordinator at Tennessee State and was head coach of the Frankfurt Galaxy of NFL Europa from 2004-07.	Has a feel for where to settle in zone coverage. Shows toughness to catch in traffic. Confident and competitive. 
								Is short with very short arms and small hands. Not exceptionally fast for a smaller receiver. Average creativity and limited strength after the catch. Production inflated by lateral passing game and porous defenses. 
							
2014	Tyler Starr	2543857	OLB	South Dakota	Was 2013 Missouri Valley Football Conference Defensive Player of the Year. 2013: Named first-team All-MVFC and led team with nine sacks. Was the FCS active leader with 13 career forced fumbles. 2012: Was second-team All-MVFC and a Buck Buchanan Award finalist (given to top defensive player in FCS). 2011: Led conference with 14 sacks and led team with seven forced fumbles. 2010: Did not play in a game, but was named USD's Defensive Scout of the Year. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played on three state title games in Iowa.	Good athletic ability and acceleration. Can run with tight ends in coverage. Good pursuit effort -- chases hard and flattens down the line. Productive three-year starter.
								Small hands. Limited core strength and knockback power. Not stout. Unrefined hand use. Does not have a plan as a pass rusher. 
							
2014	Devekeyan Lattimore	2543858	ILB	South Florida	Was a second-team All-AAC pick in 2013 and is second all-time at USF with 337 career tackles. 2013: Was a second-team All-AAC pick after leading the conference with four forced fumbles. 2012: Started all 12 games, with six games at weakside linebacker and six at middle linebacker. 2011: Started all 12 games, and had five games with 10-plus tackles. Also led the team with seven sacks and 13 tackles for loss. 2010: Played in 13 games and started 12, finishing second on the team with 69 tackles. 2009: Redshirted.	Good eyes and instincts -- diagnoses quickly. Effective run defender between the tackles. Physical, aggressive tackler. Football smart and a vocal leader. Carries a swagger and plays with an attitude. Has special-teams experience. Durable four-year starter.
								Lacks ideal height and length. Could stand to spend more time in the weight room. Average athletic ability. Short stepper. Tight movement. Negated when blockers get their hands on him. Can be a step late to the edge. Deficient in coverage with limited range. Needs to be managed closely -- can be undisciplined away from the field.
							
2014	Josh Mauro	2543859	DE	Stanford	Was an honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick in 2013, when he played in 13 games and made 11 starts. 2012: Played in 13 games and had five sacks. 2011: Played in all 13 games as a reserve. 2010: Played in nine games as a reserve. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played defensive end, linebacker and quarterback. He was born in St. Albans, England.  	Big, well-built, projectable frame with little excess weight. Likes to play and it shows -- intense competitor. Is strong enough to anchor down and set the edge. Can neutralize the double team. Plays bigger than his size. Experienced in a pro-style, 3-4 front. Tough and durable. Good weight-room work ethic.
								Has never been a full-time starter.  Mechanical, robotic movement. Needs to add some more bulk and bulk strength. Minimal pass-rush ability. Marginal foot quickness -- late to the outside. Limited athletic ability to create penetration.

							
2014	Jason Bromley	2543860	DT	Syracuse	2013: Was a third-team All-ACC pick after leading his team with 10 sacks and three forced fumbles. 2012: Played in 13 games, started 10 games, and blocked a field goal in Pinstripe Bowl against West Virginia. 2011: Played in 12 games and started 10 games. 2010: Played in 12 games, and was one of 15 true freshmen to play in 2010 for Syracuse. High school: Recorded 300 tackles and 40 sacks in high school career.	Good combination of size and movement skills. Flashes quick get-off and the ability to hold his ground against the run. Can work half a man, get skinny enough to penetrate the gap and closes with some steam when he has a direct bead on the QB. Is active and gives effort in pursuit. Strong tackler when he's able to wrap up ball carriers. Coachable, hardworking team captain.
								Small hands. Pad level fluctuates. Average eyes and diagnostic ability. Does not play with pop or power in his hands to shock or discard blockers. Moved by double teams. Bland pass rusher (inflated sack numbers). Has tweener traits. Tepid intensity level -- could use more glass in his diet.
							
2014	James Stone	2543861	C	Tennessee	Started in 39 of a possible 45 games, and ended his career with 24 consecutive starts. He is left handed, and snaps under center with right hand and in shotgun with left hand. 2013: Started in all 12 games. 2012: Started all 12 games and regained starting center position in preseason. 2011: Played in nine games and started in seven. 2010: Played 12 games and started in eight (five at center and three at guard). High school: Was an Under Armour All-American.	Good arm length for the position -- able to extend. Functional agility -- able to slide and cut off penetrators. Experienced four-year starter. Has played some guard.  Quick to the second level. Is intelligent and sets protections. Durable. 
								Deficient core strength. Limited push and power. Stiff lower body. Inconsistent leverage and contact balance -- overextends, falls off blocks and gets tossed aside. Not a finisher. 
							
2014	Zach Fulton	2543862	OG	Tennessee	Started in 40 of 47 games played, and started 40 of 43 since 2010 season at right guard. 2013: Started all 12 games at right guard. 2012: Started 11 games at right guard, missing a game against South Carolina with an ankle injury. 2011: Started in all 12 games at right guard in season which team allowed just 18 sacks. 2010: Played in 12 games and started in five. 	Looks the part with good overall size and mass. Strong enough to anchor in pass protection. Flashes thump on contact and ability to down block and seal run lanes. Started 40 games in the SEC and has experience locking horns with NFL-caliber defensive tackles. Has raw traits to develop. Coachable pleaser and will appeal to offensive line coaches. Good teammate. 
								Does not breathe fire or impose his will. Still learning how to generate power through his core. Has heavy legs and could stand to improve footwork. Is a soft puncher and tends to overextend. Needs to improve grip strength and sustain. Struggles to engage linebackers in space. Awareness is lacking -- not ideally suited to shift to center. Struggles to connect with moving targets. Has a history of ankle injuries. 
							
2014	Anthony Fera	2543863	K	Texas	Transferred to Texas from Penn State in August of 2012 following the Jerry Sandusky scandal. Made 88 of 91 extra points attempted in career, and 36 of 43 field goals. 2013: Was a second-team AP All-American, a Lou Groza Award finalist (the first finalist in Texas football history), and a first-team All-Big 12 pick. 2012: Played in six games after missing the first four with a groin injury. 2011: Was a semifinalist for the Lou Groza AWard and a second-team All-Big Ten selection. 2010: Punted and handled kickoff duties for the first 10 games. 2009: Redshirted.	Fine accuracy, placement and hang-time as a punter. Consistently accurate field-goal range inside 40 (did not miss as a senior) and shows range beyond 50. Has experience on big stages. Versatile.
								Average lift and rise as a kicker. Lacks ideal leg strength as a kickoff specialist.
							
2014	Carrington Byndom	2543864	CB	Texas	Started in 39 consecutive games to end college career. 2013: Was a second-team All-Big 12 pick after starting in all 13 games. 2012: Started in all 13 games. Had 10 tackles and a 28-yard interception return for a touchdown in Red River Rivalry game against Oklahoma. 2011: Was an honorable mention All-Big 12 pick after tying for team lead with 15 pass breakups. 2010: Played in all 12 games on special teams and in six games at defensive back. High school: In addition to his football prowess (first-team all-state as a senior), Byndom was a first-team all-district baseball player and was a district title-winner in the 400-meter relay and long jump in track and field.	Looks the part with nice body length. Experience in off coverage. Good zone awareness. Hands to intercept. Experienced three-year starter. Has been durable and remained healthy. Solid character. 
								Not physical -- plays with a track mentality. Lacks press strength. Stays wired to blocks. Choppy pedal. Late transitioning out of breaks. Allows separation at the break point. Average recovery speed. Leaky run defender. Loses contain. Timid tackler and misses too many. Does not project as a core special-teams contributor.
							
2014	Ben Malena	2543865	RB	Texas A&M	2013: Started in all 13 games and had 10 rushing touchdowns. 2012: Played in all 13 games and started eight. 2011: Saw action in 13 games and started in season finale after injuries to Cyrus Gray and Christine Michael. Had 87 yards rushing and two touchdowns in Meineke Car Care Bowl against Northwestern. 2010: Saw limited action as running back and kick returner.	Has a shredded physique. Accelerates smoothly. Quick laterally. Scoots through creases and rips off yards in chunks. Good hands to catch throws off his body. Trustworthy in pass protection and alert in blitz pickup -- demonstrates good vision and blocks bigger than his size. Special-teams experience. Was a 21-year-old senior. Special intangibles -- hardworking, highly respected, team-first leader who is passionate about the game and competes.


								Is undersized and not built to pound between the tackles. Has some hip tightness. Limited power. Doesn't string moves together. Can do a better job pressing the line and being more decisive. Needs to learn to avoid direct contact. Can be more protective of the football -- carries too loosely and does not always cover up on contact.
							
2014	Bernard Reedy	2543866	WR	Toledo	2013: Was a second-team All-MAC pick. 2012: Was a first-team All-MAC selection at three positions, wide receiver, punt returner and kickoff returner. Was named MVP of the Idaho Potato Bowl after recording an 87-yard kickoff return touchdown. 2011: Started in all 13 games, and was MVP of the Military Bowl after catching three touchdown passes. 2010: Played in 11 games and started in four. 	Quick off the line and out of cuts. Quick, soft hands. Sudden and agile. Able to create separation vs. man coverage and settle into soft spots in zone. Terrific leaping ability. Has playmaking ability as a receiver and return man (four career kick-return TDs). Has a head for the game. Productive three-year starter. Very strong for his size. Team captain with outstanding personal and football character. Vocal leader.
								Undersized with a lean build, small hands and extemely short arms (small catch radius). Can refine his route running. Can be outmuscled for contested catches. Limited run strength to break tackles. Underpowered blocker. Was contained by Florida and Missouri.
							
2014	Zac  Kerin	2543867	C	Toledo	2013: Second-team All-MAC selection after starting in all 12 games. 2012: First-team All-MAC selection after starting in all 12 games. 2011: Second-team All-MAC selection after playing in all 13 games (starting 12). 2010: Played in 11 games as a reserve. 2009: Redshirted.	Has stature to engage and seal. Gets out of his stance and is able to reach the second level. Plays hard and keeps his head on a swivel. Smart and vocal -- makes line calls. Tough and aggressive. Intense and competitive. Football is important to him. Team captain.
								Has short arms and is too reliant on his upper body. Does not generate power through his lower half to drive nose tackles off the ball. Can play with better leverage -- got away with inconsistent pad level and anchor against inferior competition. Lateral agility is just adequate. Needs to improve second-level sustain. Personality could rub some people the wrong way and coachability should be examined by position coach. 
							
2014	Cassius Marsh	2543868	DE	UCLA	2013: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection after starting 12 of 13 games. Was tied for second on the team with six sacks. Also had a 2-yard touchdown reception. 2012: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection after starting all 14 games. Finished second on the team with eight sacks. Also had a 4-yard touchdown reception. 2011: Played in 12 games and started in eight. Was suspended for two games for an in-game skirmish against Arizona. 2010: Played in 12 games and made four starts. 	Outstanding effort and field energy. Good pursuit production -- flattens and chases. Plays past the whistle and keeps working to come free. Sacrifices his body around piles. Flushes production to teammates. Flashes strength and power on the edge. Uses his hands well to control and shed blockers. Emotional leader -- plays with intensity. Tough and durable. Has NFL pedigree (father and brother). Versatile -- lines up inside and outside. Has contributed as a tight end. 
								Lacks ideal foot speed to outquick left tackles. Could stand to improve weight-room strength and functional core strength. Is tightly wound and will rise out of his stance and play tall. Can be overly emotional, lose focus and play undisciplined (too many errors). Will require a strong positional coach.
							
2014	Devon Kennard	2543869	OLB	USC	Played defensive end, middle linebacker and outside linebacker during college career. 2013: Second-team All-Pac-12 pick after starting all 14 games at outside linebacker and leading his team with nine sacks. 2012: Redshirted after suffering a torn pectoral muscle in July. 2011: Played in 12 games and started five at defensive end. 2010: Played in all 13 games and started the first eight at middle linebacker. fter the season he underwent surgery for torn cartilage in his hip. 2009: Played in 12 games and started five. High school. Played in only three games as a senior before tearing knee ligaments. His father, Derek, played for 11 seasons in the NFL as an offensive lineman for the Cardinals, Saints and Cowboys. He won Super Bowl XXX with the Cowboys.	Well-proportioned, muscular build. Generally plays on his feet. Can drop into short zones. Good tackler. Has played outside linebacker, middle linebacker and defensive end. Smart and tough. Team captain with outstanding intangibles, including leadership traits and a professional approach.
								Lacks ideal body length and has small hands. Average athletic ability. Dull get-off. Limited explosion and power. Needs to cultivate pass-rush moves. Does not provide enough resistance against the run. Still developing instincts. 
							
2014	Kevin Graf	2543870	OT	USC	Started in 38 of 42 games played at USC. 2013: Started in 13 games at right tackle, missing the Oregon State game with an ankle injury. 2012: Started in all 13 games at right tackle. 2011: Started in all 12 games at right tackle. 2010: Saw brief action in four games. Had surgery to repair torn cartilage in shoulder. 2009: Redshirted. High school: In addition to playing football, Graf played basketball and was a shot putter on the track and field team. His father, Allan, lettered three years at USC (1970-72) as a guard and is currently a stunt coordinator.	Gets out of his stance with urgency and plays hard. Provides enough protection for quick passing game. Mobile enough to step to the second level. Three-year starter at a top program. Showed some improvement as a senior.
								Struggles to survive on an island. Needs to improve hand use and sustain. Does not punch with balance or coordination. Tends to overset and lacks recovery ability. Struggles to fan outside speed rushers and is susceptible to inside moves (weak inside punch/power step). Late to cut off linebackers and struggles connecting with moving targets. 
							
2014	Tyler Larsen	2543871	C	Utah St.	Started in all 52 games he played at Utah State, was a three-time first-team All-WAC player and a 2013 Remington Award finalist. His brother, Cody, spent most of the 2013 season with the Ravens.	Excellent size -- sheer mass to wall off.  Generally holds his ground. Can sit and anchor and replace his hands. Good awareness. Consistent gun snaps. Was a rock for the Aggies -- started 51 career games.  
								Has short arms and struggles to sustain. Not explosive or powerful. Very average athleticism and flexibility to maneuver and torque. Limited lateral quickness to slide and recover. Too easily tossed aside and cannot recover. Slow-footed -- struggles to cut off fast flowing linebackers. Not a nasty mauler.
							
2014	Nevin Lawson	2543872	CB	Utah St.	2013: First-team All-MWC after starting in 13 of 14 games. Led team with 17 passes defensed. 2012: Second-team All-WAC selection after starting in all 13 games. 2011: Started in all 13 games and finished fourth on the team with 73 tackles. 2010: Started two of nine games played. Had a game-clinching interception against San Jose State.	Muscular build with nice arm length. Plays with his eyes. Reads and reacts quickly. Has skills to man up receivers. Soft-footed with flexible hips to pedal easily and transition smoothly. Good zone awareness and reactions. Productive on the ball -- 34 pass breakups the last three seasons. Effective blitzer. Has special-teams experience as a gunner and jammer. Durable three-year starter. 
								Press technique needs refinement. Too often allows free release. Clutching, grabbing and incurring flags have been issues in the past. Ball skills are a work in progress. Leaves some production on the field. Inconsistent run supporter.Struggled to contain USC WR Marqise Lee.
							
2014	Seantavius Jones	2543873	WR	Valdosta St.	2013: First-team all-Gulf South selection. Set a school record with six touchdown receptions against Delta State. 2012: First-team All-Gulf South selection. Started in 14 games and had 13 touchdown receptions (good for sixth most in school history). 2011: Second-team All-Gulf South selection after starting in all 10 games. 2010: Played in all 11 games. 	Good size and length with room for added bulk. Tracks, adjusts and plucks. Competes in the air and can run under the ball when he has a step. Football smart. Productive three-year starter for a top Division II team -- 26 TDs the last two seasons.
								Needs to bulk up and get stronger -- limited physicality for his size. Vulnerable to the jam. Shaky hands (too many drops). Tight through the hips. Movement is somewhat mechanical -- will struggle to create separation vs. man coverage. Builds to average speed. Should be a better blocker.
							
2014	Andre Hal	2543874	CB	Vanderbilt	2013: Second-team All-SEC selection after starting in 11 of 12 games for the Commodores. Recorded an interception in the BBVA Compass Bowl against Houston. 2012: Started in all 13 games. Recorded two interceptions in win over Tennessee. 2011: Played in all 13 games. 2010: Played in 12 games and started two. Served as a return specialist late in season.	Light on his feet. Good balance and flexibility. Good man-coverage skills. Mirrors off the line. Enough speed to run with receivers. Good zone awareness, read-and-react and plant-and-drive. Confident and competitive. Has kickoff-return experience. Team captain with sterling intangibles. 
								Lacks ideal length -- has short arms and small hands. Disadvantaged vs. bigger, physical receivers. Limited functional strength to pry himself off blocks. Could stand to refine his technique. Tends to clutch and grab when he's beat, which happens too frequently. Gets out of phase and does not demonstrate a feel for routes.
							
2014	Kenny Ladler	2543875	FS	Vanderbilt	2013: Second-team All-SEC after leading team in tackles (91) and finishing season with school record five forced fumbles. 2012: Started in all 12 games and led team with 90 tackles. 2011: Played in 13 games and started five. 2010: Played in 12 games and started in nine. High school: Was a sprinter on the track team.	Good size, movement and flexibility. Efficient plant and drive on throws in front of him. Shows the ability to swoop downhill and support the run. Tries for the strip (forced five fumbles as a senior). Asset in the building -- terrific character. Durable and experienced. Was a 21-year-old senior.
								Needs to bulk up and get stronger. Average instincts and anticipation -- can be a tick late to read and react. Poor center fielder. Manipulated by QBs. Unreliable last line of defense. Inconsistent open-field tackler. Average tackle strength -- catches contact. Strong safety only.
							
2014	Derrick Hopkins	2543876	DT	Virginia Tech	Started 40 of a possible 40 games in final three college seasons. 2013: Started all 13 games and finished tied for third on the team with five sacks. Had five snaps at fullback in two games. 2012: Honorable mention All-ACC after starting all 13 games and recording 10 tackles for loss and 3.5 sacks. 2011: Started all 14 games. 2010: Played in 13 games.	Stout build (thick midsection and trunk) allows for natural leverage -- digs in against the run and generally holds his ground. Good motor -- active and energetic. Plays with awareness. Durable three-year starter.
								Marginal height. Average initial quickness and athletic ability. Plays short-armed -- spins his wheels at the line of scrimmage against bigger blockers. Is thick-hipped and struggles to work the edges.
							
2014	A.J.  Marshall	2543877	WR	Wake Forest	Started career at Wake Forest as a cornerback and later switched to free safety. 2013: Started all eight games before fracturing his fibula against Miami (Fla.) on Oct. 26. 2012: Played in all 12 games and made 11 starts. Led team with 41 solo tackles. 2011: Played in all 13 games and started two at cornerback. Finished tied for the team lead with 10 special teams tackles. 2010: Played in 11 games and started three. 	Athletic movement skills. Nice knee and hip flexibility. Balanced pedal. Is light on his feet and covers ground when he sees it. Willing run supporter. Special-teams experience. Was a 21-year-old senior.
								Needs to get stronger. Green instincts. Does not always trust what he sees. Minimal career ball production. Can be overaggressive and take some incorrect angles. Not a striker (tackles low). Gets snagged on blocks. Struggled mightly to contain the speed of Clemson WR Sammy Watkins.
							
2014	Sean Parker	2543878	SS	Washington	Parker started in all 39 games at safety since 2011. 2013: Honorable mention All-Pac-12. 2012: Honorable mention All-Pac-12. 2011: Started all 13 games at safety, and recorded 15 tackles in Alamo Bowl against Baylor. 2010: Played in nine of 13 games primarily as the nickel back.	Good linear athleticism -- field fast when he's playing downhill. Effective box defender. Physical tackler. Shows good hands to intercept. Generally takes good angles in pursuit. Special-teams mentality. Three-year starter and two-time captain. Matured considerably over four years. Cares about the game.
								Lacks overall body length and has short arms and small hands. Does not always arrive under control to tackle in space. Too often launches himself into ball carriers instead of wrapping up. Mismatched against receivers and miscast in deep zone -- is slow to transition and lets receivers behind him. Average range and anticipation. Strong safety only.
							
2014	Keith Price	2543879	QB	Washington	Set school records for career completion percentage of 64.0 and 75 touchdown passes. 2013: Honorable mention All-Pac-12. 2012: Started in all 13 games. 2011: Honorable mention All-Pac-12 after setting school record with 22 touchdown passes. His 3,063 passing yards were second in school history. 2010: Played in eight of 13 games behind Titans 2011 first-round pick Jake Locker. Started against No. 1-ranked Oregon. 2009: Redshirted.	Athletic enough to run non-traditional offense or scramble out of the pocket. Fine intangibles -- tough, smart, competitive and down to earth. Two-time captain. Three-year starter under tutelage of respected QB coach Steve Sarkisian. 
								Does not look the part -- lacks ideal height and bulk for the position. Arm strength is just average. Inconsistent accuracy and placement. Makes receivers work too hard. Prone to poor decisions. 
							
2014	Ethan Westbrooks	2543880	DE	West Texas A&M	First-team Lone Star All-Conference in 2013 and 2012. 2013: Started in 10 of 14 games and led team with seven sacks. 2012: Started in 14 of 15 games, led Division II with 19.5 sacks, led conference with 28 tackles for loss and earned Defensive Player of the Year award. 2011: Attended Sacramento City College.	Well put together with good size and length. Stands out against Division II competition. Has natural pass-rush ability and shows tenacity hunting QBs. Explosive off the snap -- bursts into blockers. Disruptive penetrating ability. Athletic and flexible. Excellent balance and body control executing pass-rush moves. Spins off blocks. Ranges and covers ground in a hurry when his fire is lit.
								Motor runs hot and cold (disappears for stretches). Does not consistently dig in vs. the run (heart is in rushing the passer). Undisciplined eyes. Raw understanding of blocking schemes. Does not maintain rush-lane integrity. Was allowed to freelance in search of destructive plays in college and will have to adopt a more structured game in the pros. Accumulated nearly 30 penalties in two seasons at WTAMU, including 15 offsides flags. 
							
2014	Will Clarke	2543881	DE	West Virginia	2013: Second-team All-Big 12 selection. Led team with six sacks and 17 tackles for loss. 2012: Played in 12 games and started in 11. 2011: Played in 13 games and started 11. 2010: Played in four games before suffering an ankle injury. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played both tight end and linebacker.	Has a long, athletic, muscular frame. Very good movement skills for his size. Flashes the ability to penetrate or stack and shed. Gives effort in pursuit and ranges to make tackles. Solid personal and football character -- has leadership traits. Smart and coachable. Durable three-year starter. 
								Does not play to his size -- plays too tall and does not generate power through his core. Shrivels against double teams and is too easily uprooted. Needs to play with better pop and power in his hands. Linear, vanilla rusher -- does not have a variety of moves to defeat and accelerate off blocks. 
							
2014	Andrew Jackson	2543882	ILB	Western Kentucky	Two-time first-team All-Sun Belt selection (2011-12). Second-team All-Sun Belt selection in 2013. Recorded 95-plus tackles in final three seasons. 2013: Played in 11 games and made 10 starts. Had 15 tackles against Army. 2012: Played in all 13 games with 12 starts. 2011: Started all 12 games and led team in tackles and tackles for loss. 2010: Played in one game. 	Thickly built, especially through his trunk and lower body. Has ideal bulk to fit inside a 3-4. Physically strong tackler when he's able to square up and wrap. Intense, confident and competitive. Did not look out of place when WKU stepped up in competition. Productive three-year starter. 
								Lacks ideal length. Thick, tight hips and heavy legs. Average eyes and instincts. Needs to improve hand use and shed ability. Lacks speed to track down ball carriers on the perimeter. Leaves some production on the field -- inconsistent tackler. Man-coverage limitations. Does not project as a core special-teams player. Is immature and needs to learn what it means to be professional. Weight tends to fluctuate. Suspect character needs to be investigated.


							
2014	Xavius Boyd	2543883	OLB	Western Kentucky	2013 Sun Belt Defensive Player of the Year (second consecutive season a Western Kentucky player won award -- Quanterus Smith, Broncos 2013 fifth-round pick) and first-team All-Sun Belt selection. 2013: Led team in tackles (103) and sacks (8.5). 2012: Played in all 13 games and made nine starts. Finished third on the team with 79 tackles. 2011: Played in all 12 games with eight starts. Finished second on the team with 53 tackles. 2010: Played in 11 games and made seven starts. 	Good athletic ability and straight-line speed. Can run and hit and shoot gaps. Cleans up when he has a clear path. Very productive as a senior. 
								Needs to get stronger. Not a striking, drive-through tackler -- leaks yards after contact. Negated when blockers get on top of him. Tends to hop instead of stepping downhill with authority. Soft-shouldered defending the run. Average eyes, instincts and motor. Struggles in zone coverage.
							
2014	Beau Allen	2543884	DT	Wisconsin	Played in all 54 games in his college career. 2013: Honorable mention All-Big Ten. Played in 13 games and made 12 starts. 2012: Started all 14 games. Recorded a blocked punt against Purdue. 2011: Played all 14 games. 2010: Played all 13 games. High school: Was a finalist for Minnesota Mr. Football.	Stoutly built lower body (squats a small house). Good initial thrust off the snap.  Sheer size, natural girth and functional strength to occupy blocks. Has a desirable mentality for the position. Brings energy, plays hard and gives terrific pursuit effort for a big man. Tough and durable.
								Marginal value as a pass rusher. Ordinary bull rush. Needs to play with better pad level -- plays too tall and is too easily engaged. Unrefined hand use -- slow to disengage. Does not dominate single blocking. Is straightlinish and struggles to change direction. Slow of foot with limited range. Not an impactful playmaker. 
							
2014	Jacob  Pedersen	2543885	TE	Wisconsin	2013: Honorable mention All-Big Ten selection. Started in 12 games and had 551 receiving yards. 2012: First-team All-Big Ten pick after playing in all 14 games and making nine starts. 2011: Honorable mention All-Big Ten pick and was a Mackey Award semifinalist (given to nation's top tight end). Had a career-high eight touchdown receptions. 2010: Played in all 13 games and made four starts. 2009: Redshirted. High school: Played for a team that won two Division 5 state championships.	Used inline, in motion, in the backfield and as lead blocker. Gets off the line cleanly (smoother than sudden). Does the dirty work and is willing to mix it up inside -- displays leverage, knee bend and competitiveness. Effective move blocker. Good personal and football character.
								Has short arms and small hands. Lacks ideal bulk strength. At a size disadvantage vs. NFL defensive ends. Ordinary acceleration and foot speed, especially for his size. Does not threaten the seam and lacks suddenness to separate vs. athletic defenders. Lets throws into his body and is not strong-handed. Average strength and elusiveness after catch. Does not exhibit fullback-caliber pop on contact to consider for conversion.
							
2014	Ryan Groy	2543886	OG	Wisconsin	2013: First-team All-Big Ten selection after starting in all 13 games. 2012: Second-team All-Big Ten selection after starting in all 14 games. 2011: Played in all 14 games and started in four. 2010: Played in all 13 games and started in two. 2009: Redshirted. 	Terrific size. Very football smart. Plays with awareness. Has enough strength to hold his ground. Can lean and seal when he has an angle. Surprisingly effective pulling and working to the second level. Competes and gives consistent effort. Three-year starter. Respected by teammates and coaches -- solid work ethic and character.
								Needs to develop better hip snap. Average initial quickness, athletic ability and pop on contact. Has heavy legs and tends to bend at the waist. Needs to improve punch and grip strength. Struggles adjusting to and fitting on moving targets.
							
2014	Chris Elkins	2543887	OG	Youngstown St.	Started in 38 of 40 games played at Youngstown State and was a two-time first-team All-Missouri Valley selection (2012-13). Started at guard during sophomore and junior seasons before moving to center for senior season.	Plays with leverage and competes. Able to bend his knees and work his hips. Nice mobility to the second level. Durable, experienced team captain with 38 career starts. Has played center and guard. Assignment-sound, consistent performer who did not allow a sack as a senior.
								Plays short-armed and hand strength is just pedestrian. Does not jolt or control defenders. Could stand to improve his balance. Cannot overpower interior defenders and could struggle to anchor against widebodies. 
							
2014	Kyle Bryant	2543888	OT	Youngstown St.	Started in 22 of 30 games played, splitting time between Youngstown State (2012-13) and Bowling Green (2009-2011). 2013: Started in 10 games at left tackle. Missed two games wiht an ankle injury. 2012: Played in 11 games and started the final six at left tackle. 2011: Played in seven games and starting six at left tackle for Bowling Green. 2010: Played in two games for Bowling Green. 2009: Redshirted.	Has intriguing dimensions, including very long arms and large hands. Sheer size enables him to cover up defenders in the run game and force rushers to take a circuitous path. Good football smarts. Cares about the game and fits well in the locker room. 
								Has underachiever traits. Has not been committed in the weight room. Does not play to his size. Struggles to generate power. Lacks a mean streak and does not consistently finish blocks. Raw hand use and footwork. Has a disjointed kick slide and struggles in pass protection. Was dismissed from his previous school (Bowling Green State) and dependability needs to be investigated. 
							
2014	Marquis Flowers	2549896	OLB	Arizona	NA	Excellent timed speed and explosiveness -- clocked a 4.51-second 40 and 37 1/2-inch vertical jump at his pro day. Is tough and will battle through injuries, finishing 2012 season with a shoulder injury and 2013 with a spatted right ankle that noticeably affecting his movement. Solid tackle production -- has great range, is around the ball a lot and can track down speed backs. Good recovery speed (when out of position).
								Has a lean build and could use additional bulk. Lacks physicality and plays small. Does not play to his timed speed. Average instincts. Lacks a plan as a blitzer/edge rusher and gets overwhelmed and engulfed by bigger bodies. Struggles with adjustments, and overall work ethic has considerable room for improvement. Did not play on special teams. Can be too chirpy when concentration is needed. 
							
2014	Jamie Meder	2549897	DE	Ashland	NA	Very good functional, football-playing strength -- seldom gets knocked off a spot. Good anchor vs. the run. Flashes shock and violence in his hands. Very good balance and leverage. Extremely competitive. Iron tough. Versatile and has lined up everywhere along the D-line. Highly respected, vocal team leader. Experienced, four-year starter.
								Limited upfield burst and take-off speed, as confirmed in marginal timed speed. Stays blocked too long and could stand to develop more pass-rush moves. Shows some tightness re-directing.
							
2014	Brian Clarke	2549898	OG	Bloomsburg	NA	Highly competitive. Seeks to bury defenders. Can create some movement in-line as a run blocker and is quick working to the second level. Has been very durable throughout his career. 
								Regularly matched up against inferior competition. Lacks ideal height and lower-body explosion. Raw footwork and technique. Inconsistent pad level and hand placement. 
							
2014	Aaron Burks	2549899	WR	Boise St.	NA	Good body and arm length and exceptional leaping ability (40-inch vertical jump). Highly athletic. Catches on contact. Adjusts well to the low ball and can track its flight and run to it. Deceptively fast with enough vertical speed to threaten the deep half and climb defensive backs. Gnatty blocker. Very durable.
								Career college backup with marginal career production. Not a natural hands-catcher -- double-clutches and often does not secure cleanly. Lets the ball come to him and does not attack it in the air. Limited run strength and creativity after the catch. Overthinks the game.
							
2014	Jerry "BooBoo" Gates	2549900	SS	Bowling Green	NA	Has a very strong lower-body and good pop on contact. Fills hard in run support and will sacrifice his body. Good knock-back body power. Brings a flair to special teams and has a knack for the big play. Good work ethic. Confident and competitive. Has good hands, vision, run strength, contact balance and playmaking ability as a returner (3 career kickoff returns for TDs, 1 punt return). Tough and durable.
								Plays a bit out of control coming downhill and will miss some tackles in space. Overly aggressive biting on play-action. Limited route awareness and feel for zones. Has some hip tightness that affects transitional quickness and deep range. Ordinary recovery speed. Could be mismatched vs. quickness and top speed. Weight has fluctuated - played closer to 220 pounds as a junior. Lacks ideal finishing speed in the return game. 
							
2014	John Spooney	2549901	RB	Brown	NA	Is strong for his size -- bench pressed 225 pounds 19 times. Recorded a a 38 1/2-inch vertical jump. Has enough speed to get to the corner and takes what is blocked for him. Is very intelligent. 
								Has a thin build with very limited bulk and goes down easy on contact. Not a tackle-breaker or creative, open-field threat capable of making his own hole. Marginal agility. Ducks his head and feet do not churn through contact. Gets jarred and knocked around in pass protection. Has a track mentality and took a year off from football. Will face an adjustment period coming from facing Ivy League competition. 
							
2014	Spencer Hadley	2549902	OLB	BYU	NA	Very good movement skill. Outstanding agility, as confirmed in 4.12-second 20-yard shuttle time and 6.75 3-cone drill time at the pro day. Good instincts. Highly competitive and consistently shows up at the ball. Sacrifices his body around piles and has an all-out special teams mentality. Good football intelligence.
								Is very small by NFL standards with extremely short arms. Has coverage limitations and is not natural moving in reverse. Lacks the length to leverage the edge and gets chewed up by blockers. Was slowed by a knee injury as a senior, and durability could continue to be an issue. Is over-aged. Did not play on special teams (because of defensive value). 
							
2014	Sullivan Grosz	2549903	DT	Cal Poly	NA	Good gap and hand quickness to beat blockers off the ball and swat away their hands. Has an effective swim move. Is active and athletic for a near-300-pounder and can split the double team. Good agility, balance and motor. Flattens down the line and regularly makes presence felt behind the line (40 1/2 career tackles for loss and 22 sacks). Fine instincts. Good snap anticipation. Feels blocking pressure and plays with awareness. Team captain.
								Feasted on Big Sky competition and much of production was unblocked or against inferior competition. Average arm length. Can be neutralized by the double team. Has an inflated opinion of his ability.
							
2014	Johnny Millard	2549904	OLB	Cal Poly	NA	Very active and alert and plays with good tempo and urgency. Displays better closing speed than 20-yard short shuttle (4.41 seconds) would indicate. Keeps his head on a swivel and feels crossers passing through in zones. Experienced four-year starter and team captain with good career production. Has NFL bloodlines -- son of former Vikings defensive line All-Pro and Tennessee Titans coach Keith Millard.
								Is very short-armed and light-framed and is easily controlled once defenders get their mitts on him. Average foot speed. Marginal take-on ability. Is late to locate the ball. Technique could use refinement -- false-steps, bites on play-action and does not consistently bring his feet with him through contact.  
							
2014	Chris Martin	2549905	OG	Central Florida	NA	Good overall mass and weight-room strength. Flashes some straight-line power  and nastiness to finish blocks. Has enough strength to hold the point of attack. 
								Tight-crotched, short-stepper with limited blocking range. Has short arms and plays short-armed with limited extension and reach. Has a soft punch and is more of a grabber than a puncher. Does not play strong in the run game. Overextends and falls off blocks easily. Feet tend to die on contact. Marginal balance -- spends too much time on the ground.
							
2014	Zurlon Tipton	2549906	RB	Central Michigan	NA	Outstanding size. Runs hard with good vision and feel for blocking schemes. Decisive in the hole.  Can stick his foot in the dirt and go. Good balance, strength and power to push the pile. Brandishes some power in his stiff arm and can churn through contact. Strong short-yardage runner. Does not go down easy. Functional pass protector. Reliable hands. Very good career productivity. Outstanding weight-room strength.
								High-cut and runs tall, leaving his body susceptible to injury. Not elusive and lacks top-end burst and finishing speed. Very immature early in career and could still stand to improve focus and concentration. Limited special teams experience.  Long-term durability is a concern, given injury history (foot, ankle, wrist and leg injuries dating back to high school).
							
2014	Blake Annen	2549907	TE	Cincinnati	NA	Very good pro day positional workout. Produced exceptional results at his pro day, blazing a 40-time (4.41) faster than many receivers. Scrappy in-line blocker -- gets in the way. Possesses the vertical speed to stretch the field.
								Undersized -- lacks bulk, bulk strength and power in his body. Does not play to timed speed. Lacks polish in his routes and gears down to catch. Average lateral agility, creativity and elusiveness after the catch. Could stand to improve beating the jam and do a better job finishing blocks. Only a one-year starter.
							
2014	Sam Longo	2549908	OT	Cincinnati	NA	Very well-distributed frame. Rare upper-body strength ? bench pressed 225 pounds 47 times at his pro day workout and displays the football-playing demeanor to open holes in the run game. Efficient pulling and trapping. Plays faster than 40-time (produced on an ankle not fully recovered). 
								Is late to reach the second level and cut off linebackers. Could play with more substance and a better base in pass protection (tends to set narrow).
							
2014	Greg Blair	2549909	ILB	Cincinnati	NA	Has functional strength to take-on and tackling strength. Flows to the ball and gives effort in pursuit. Intense and aggressive. Has special-teams experience. Hardworking and football smart. Vocal leader. 
								Lacks ideal height. Average eyes and instincts -- can be a tick late reacting and be fooled by backfield deception. Stiff hips. Pedestrian foot speed and range. Struggles in coverage. Liability in pass coverage. Weight has fluctuated in the past -- has been as heavy as 265 pounds.
							
2014	Shawn Shupperd	2549910	DE	Eastern Kentucky	NA	Outstanding size and length to disrupt passing lanes and bat down balls. Plays with energy and crashes hard. Good motor and pursuit effort flattening down the line. Has a 34-inch vertical jump and is explosive for his size. Intriguing versatility -- was worked out as a tight end at his pro day and played multiple techniques along the defensive front. Scheme-diverse. 
								Average base strength -- rises out of his stance and gets washed down the line too easily. Could stand to improve awareness feeling blocking pressure. Developing weight-room strength and core functional, football-playing strength. 
							
2014	Brandon Denmark	2549911	OLB	Florida A&M	NA	Has very long arms. Good closing speed and burst. Exceptional pro day performance, posting a 40-inch vertical jump, an 11-foot-3 broad jump and bench pressing 225 pounds 28 times. Very durable.
								Duck-footed with a thin lower body. See-and-go reactor with developing eyes and instincts. Marginal hand use. Has little variety in his pass-rush arsenal and could stand to develop more counters and pass-rush moves. Not a natural knee bender or stout at the point of attack.
							
2014	John Ojo	2549912	FS	Florida A&M	NA	Thin-ankled with vines for arms and a rare wing span for a defensive back -- able to play the pocket and get his hands on throws other safeties can?t. Big-time springs ? boasts a 41-inch vertical leap and can high-point interceptions. Balanced and controlled in his pedal. Dependable, wrap tackler. Nice range -- flashes the ability to swoop down or chase laterally and snare ball carriers. Makes the secondary calls and has good football intelligence and overall character. Serves as a jammer.
								Bit high cut and leggy and does not pop out of breaks cleanly. Average foot speed and agility to transition (heavy speed turns) with quick-footed receivers in man coverage. Limited knock-back power and body strength. Could stand to improve route recognition and anticipation. Very ordinary production on the ball. Durability is an issue -- has been dinged up and missed considerable time. Will be a 24-year-old rookie.
							
2014	Frances Mays	2549913	DE	Florida A&M	NA	Rare length and overall size, with the wingspan (83 3/8 inches) of a small jet to disrupt passing windows. Versatile and lined up inside and outside. 
								Is too tall, tight-hipped and lumbering in his movement. Plays upright with very limited hand use and can be controlled easily. Got pinballed and knocked off the ball vs. Ohio State. Average production.
							
2014	Chad Abram	2549914	FB	Florida St.	NA	Athletic with running back-caliber foot speed. Has a 35-inch vertical leap. Functional dump-off option. Gets into routes quickly. Nice agility. Good blocking vision and range. Can shuffle and slide in pass protection.  Shows potential as a move blocker. Has special-teams experience. Caught an 11-yard touchdown pass in the BCS Championship.
								Lacks ideal bulk for the position. Still learning how to unlock his hips and explode on contact. Needs to improve technique and sustain in pass protection. Very limited rushing/receiving touches. Just a one-year starter -- still developing positional instincts.
							
2014	Randell Johnson	2549915	OLB	Florida Atlantic	NA	Outstanding size and arm length. Highly athletic with explosive power in his body. Flashes pass-rush ability with good closing speed. Long-reach, wrap-tackler. Very solid pro-day showing, registering a 38 1/2-inch vertical jump and clocking as  low as a 4.60-second 40-time (with a 10-15 mile-per-hour wind at his back) and showed fluidity dropping into coverage.
								Not a nuanced pass rusher -- does not show a plan or variety of rush moves. Lacks ideal functional-playing strength and take-on ability. Average instincts and anticipation. Late to trigger. Durability has been an issue throughout his career with nagging injuries. 
							
2014	Deron Furr	2549916	SS	Fort Valley St.	NA	Has long arms and a solid frame. Good body power and hip snap. Disciplined playing the cutback. Has a knack for timing up collisions. Good eyes, instincts and anticipation. Carries a swagger and plays with confidence. 
								Is a bit of a 'tweener, lacking ideal size for a linebacker and the hips, fluidity and foot speed for a safety. Allows too much separation in man coverage and tends to freelance in zones. Can do a better job getting skinny as a blitzer.  
							
2014	Ryan Culbreath	2549917	WR	Furman	NA	Terrific size and long arms -- big target over the middle. Functionally strong to ward off the jam. Can use his big frame to shield smaller DBs. Dependable hands -- able to catch off his body. Has a 36-inch vertical. Demonstrated surprising agility, recording a 6.71-second 3-cone drill at his pro day.
								Could stand to get stronger. Not an explosive athlete. Builds up to average speed. Shows hip stiffness. Will struggle to stretch the field vertically or create separation vs. more sudden defenders. Route running and coverage recognition needs work. Limited elusiveness and creativity after the catch. Does not project as a special teams player.
							
2014	Torrance Hunt	2549918	RB	Georgia Southern	NA	Produced an eye-popping pro day, recording a 4.28 40 with the wind, and a rare 43-inch vertical jump, demonstrating explosive lower-body power and speed. Has operated out of the slot, in the backfield and as a return man and stood out in special teams coverage early in his career. 
								Short. Average career production. Operated in an unorthodox offense as a senior featuring a lot of fly sweeps and struggled to find a home at East Carolina. Missed most of senior season as a result of a suspension for violating team and university rules. 
							
2014	Brandon Watts	2549919	OLB	Georgia Tech	NA	Rare timed speed. Very quick to the perimeter and covers a lot of ground. Easily keeps stride with tight ends in the slot and offers solid man coverage ability on backs. Can carry receivers vertically and buzz the flats. Lines up on the edge and offers some pass-rush potential. Is fluid and loose-hipped dropping into coverage, as supported by solid shuttle times (6.89-second 3-cone drill) at pro day workout. Has gunner experience.
								Light-framed and does not play with power in his body. Very limited strength to fend off blockers -- is easily sealed and walled off. Average eyes and reactive quickness vs. the run and pass. Allows separation vs. quick-cutting receivers. Has room for improvement as an open-field tackler. 
							
2014	Euclid Cummings	2549920	DT	Georgia Tech	NA	Prototype size for a three-technique. Good effort and pursuit. Plays hard and competes. Recorded a 1.67-10-yard split and 4.79-second 40-time at his pro day, results that would have placed him among the leaders at the DT position behind only Aaron Donald. 
								Smooth-muscled. Only a one-year starter. Average functional and lower-body strength. Can be easily controlled and moved off spots -- marginal arm length and point-of-attack strength. Underdeveloped pass-rush skill. Is not as dynamic or explosive as his 40-time indicates he could be. Does not convert speed to power. 
							
2014	Lou Young	2549921	CB	Georgia Tech	NA	Outstanding size. Nice zone awareness -- plays the ball well in front of him. Good recover speed (when loses position). Offers nickel experience.
								Limited press strength and physicality supporting the run for as big as he is. Average lateral agility and transitional quickness. Selective hitter. Does not play with confidence and often loses awareness downfield. Marginal ball skills -- 12 career pass breakups and only four career interceptions.
							
2014	Tavita Woodard	2549923	DE	Hawaii	NA	Good measurables for a rush linebacker. Flashes short-area burst and closing speed to disrupt. Posted a 38 1/2-inch vertical jump. Solid football character. The game is important to him.
								Average instincts and diagnose. Too much processing time -- digest what he sees. Does not play strong at the point of attack. Marginal sack production. Was not used in coverage. Needs to learn to develop more of a pass-rush plan and how to leverage and convert his speed to power.
							
2014	James Baker	2549924	RB	Idaho	NA	Outstanding size-speed combo. Nice girth, body lean and pad level to grind out some  tough yardage inside. Patient and follows his blocks. Has big, dependable hands and catches easily. Produced an exceptional pro-day performance, clocking in the mid-4.5s at nearly 240 pounds, recording a 37-inch vertical jump and 27 bench-press reps. 
								Average lateral agility and short-area burst to create in small spaces. Was not asked to block much and will require technique work in pass protection. Could stand to improve ball security -- fumbled four times in 143 carries as a senior (every 35 carries). 
							
2014	Ryan Lankford	2549925	WR	Illinois	NA	Outstanding timed speed (also ran track). Jets off the line, threatens cushion and separates vertically. Explosive at the top of his routes. Shows the ability to adjust to throws. Good hands to snatch off his frame or catch without breaking stride -- can turn a short throw into a long gain if he gets a step and a crease. Exhibits nice field awareness to find soft spots in zone coverage and work the boundary. Surprisingly tough in traffic. Has kickoff return experience. Football smart. Solid character -- hardworking, tough and competitive. 
								Poor size -- is rail-thin and in desperate need of an NFL strength program (struggles to maintain bulk). Is not built to withstand a pounding and durability could be a concern. Very short arms and very small hands. Vulnerable to jam/re-route. Fairly straight-linish. Shows some hip stiffness when routes require him to sink his weight and execute sharp-angled patterns. Ordinary leaping ability (32 1/2-inch vertical). Limited run strength. Weak blocker.
							
2014	Shelby Harris	2549926	DE	Illinois St.	NA	Very long arms -- can extend, tug and rip off blocks. Good athleticism, feet and balance. Shows the ability to reduce his body and get in gaps. Competed well as an undersized interior player. Generally locates the ball. Gives effort in pursuit and chases outside the box. Nice closing burst. Strong tackler who generates pop on contact. Lined up inside and outside. Good potential as a run defender.
								Lacks ideal height. Average quickness off the snap. Can play with more consistent leverage and technique -- exposes his frame and needs to develop pass-rush moves and counters. Did not consistently dominate and disappeared for stretches. Character requires investigation -- was dismissed from two schools (did not play in 2013). Maturity, work ethic and dedication should be looked into.
							
2014	Colton Underwood	2549927	DE	Illinois St.	NA	Thickly built and muscular -- toils in the weight room and it shows (26 bench press reps). Good eyes and instincts. Plays with leverage. Motor runs hot -- brings consistent intensity and pursuit effort. Closes hard down the line. Arrives with bad intentions and hits with thump. Has some bulldog in him -- lined up everywhere and competed even when overmatched. Has a special-teams mentality. Outstanding, face-of-the-program type makeup -- very hardworking, tough and competitive. Loves football and hones his craft when no one's watching (professional approach). Team captain as a 21-year-old senior. 
								Has 'tweener traits -- lacks ideal length for defensive end and speed for outside linebacker. Plays short-armed and can be subdued by larger linemen get their hands on him. Is tight-hipped and shows some stiffness in his movement (shows in space). Average suddenness and flexibility. Does not change direction or accelerate explosively. Too much production is effort-based, and numbers decreased as a senior without the benefit of Nate Palmer (Packers) and Shelby Harris on the line. 
							
2014	Stephen Houston	2549928	RB	Indiana	NA	Outstanding size. Has a 40-inch vertical jump, 11-foot broad jump and good lower-body explosion. Has soft hands, tracks the ball well and is quick to turn upfield after the catch. Very durable. Has special teams coverage ability.
								Does not translate workout numbers to the field. Split time in a rotation and was never a workhorse. Tends to run tall. Average run strength and physicality to pound the ball between the tackles. Marginal elusiveness in the open field. Very inconsistent in pass protection. Still has some juco work habits and could stand to improve mental toughness. 
							
2014	Pierre Warren	2549933	FS	Jacksonville St.	NA	Good size and arm length. Nice athleticism and range. Flashes the ability play off the hash, get over the top and break up throws. Productive on the ball, including five INTs as a junior.
								Keeps his eyes glued to the backfield and is vulnerable to quarterback manipulation. Raw recognition, instincts and anticipation. Lasso/grab-and-drag tackler. Turns down some contact. Did not test well -- average timed speed, pedestrian shuttle and three-cone times and poor strength (eight bench press reps). Marginal pro day positional workout.
							
2014	James Sims	2549934	RB	Kansas	NA	Very light on his feet with great balance and body control. Shifty navigating through traffic and has a natural feel for following his blocks and finding open running lanes. Can pick and slide and find creases inside. Strings some moves together and makes defenders miss. Plays faster than his timed speed and can finish runs. Very good career production. Solid hands-catcher.
								Very thinly built. Runs a bit upright for his size. Limited run strength and power to run inside and drive a pile. Gets overwhelmed in pass protection. Needs to take better care of the football -- flags it too carelessly. 
							
2014	Roosevelt Nix	2549935	FB	Kent St.	NA	Very productive. Tough competitor who battles hard inside given his lack of physical dimensions. Has NFL bloodlines -- father played for the Bengals. Two-time team captain. 
								Has short arms and a nondescript body. Gets moved off the spot by double teams and lacks the bulk and strength to function on the defensive line. Lacks ideal athletic ability to play on his feet. 
							
2014	Je'ron Hamm	2549936	WR	Louisiana-Monroe	NA	Good acceleration. Flashes the ability to bounce outside and has long speed to pick up big gainers when he breaks free. Functional short receiver. Willing blocker and special-teams player with speed to contribute in the pros -- has experience covering and returning kicks.  Solid pro day showing -- ran a sub-4.4 40-time, vertical-jumped 37 inches and recorded a 6.89-second three-cone drill. Competitive, tough and hardworking.
								Lacks ideal bulk for the position. Average eyes and instincts. Lacks elusiveness to string moves together. Marginal lateral agility, as evidenced in 20-yard shuttle time (4.43 seconds). Limited run strength -- not a powerful pile mover or robust tackle breaker. Needs Average career production (shared carries). Needs to improve technique in pass protection. Could require extra reps to grasp complex concepts. 
							
2014	Josh Allen	2549937	C	Louisiana-Monroe	NA	Has big hands, long arms and good overall body mass and thickness. Very thick trunk. Accomplished four-year starter with guard experience. Good football temperament -- flashes a mean streak. Plays hard and competes. Produced a 4.56 20-yard shuttle at his pro day, which would have ranked third among centers at the combine.
								Lunges, plays straight-legged and bends at the waist, relying on his upper body and getting overextended too much. Could do a better job fitting on linebackers at the second level and sustaining on the move. Inconsistent hand placement and pad level. Does not make line calls and can be challenged by heavy-movement fronts.
							
2014	Senorise Perry	2549938	RB	Louisville	NA	Good acceleration. Flashes the ability to bounce outside and has long speed to pick up big gainers when he breaks free. Functional short receiver. Willing blocker and special-teams player with speed to contribute in the pros -- has experience covering and returning kicks. Helped himself at his pro day -- ran sub 4.4, vertical jumped 37 inches and recorded a 6.89-second three-cone drill. Competitive, tough and hardworking.
								Lacks ideal bulk for the position. Average eyes and instincts. Lacks elusiveness to string moves together. Limited run strength -- not a powerful pile mover or robust tackle breaker. Needs Average career production (shared carries). Needs to improve technique in pass protection. Could require extra reps to grasp complex concepts. 
							
2014	Denicos Allen	2549939	OLB	Michigan St.	NA	Good instincts. Is an aggressive tackler and physical hitter. Has stood out and consistently graded very highly on special teams coverage. Good weight-room strength.
								Has 'tweener traits -- undersized for a linebacker and too heavy for a safety. Limited lower-body explosion. Is tight-hipped with average lateral agility, as evidenced in 4.61-second 20-yard shuttle and 7.46-second 3-cone times. 
							
2014	Lonnie Ballentine	2549940	FS	Memphis	NA	Exceptional size, length and closing speed. Can get over the top and leverage the field. Plays with emotion. Superb pro day workout, posting some sub-4.4-second 40 times and a 38-inch vertical jump. Flashes straight-line striking ability when he has a clean angle.
								Pedals tall and does not play to timed speed. Has a bit of a track mentality. Cautious running alley. Not a strong, face-up, wrap tackler. Does not trigger quickly vs. the run and is late to see plays developing. Average processing speed. Gives up too much separation in transition and is not quick out of his pedal. Shaky hands -- not a natural catcher and will mistime jumps. Marginal career production on the ball.
							
2014	Justin Renfrow	2549941	OT	Miami	NA	Outstanding size with rare arm length and overall mass to clog the middle and occupy space. Has two-gap ability and is able to lock out and locate.
								Never a full-time starter. Only bench pressed 225 pounds 19 times and needs to improve weight-room strength. Pads tend to rise and negate his base and leverage. Offers no pass-rush value -- has zero career sacks and rarely plays on the other side of the line of scrimmage. Does not collapse the pocket.
							
2014	Josh Walker	2549942	OT	Middle Tennessee St.	NA	Big-bodied, thickly built, power-based blocker with the sheer size to cover up defenders in the run game. Flashes shock in his punch and can drop his hips and anchor vs. massive wide bodies. Solid positional pro day workout. Plays with balance. Tough, smart and durable. Team captain.
								Has tight ankles and mechanics break down the further he has to travel. Limited pulling and reaching a moving target. Gives up the edges too easily and could do a better job controlling defenders. Tends to bend at the waist too much. 
							
2014	Sammy Seamster	2549943	CB	Middle Tennessee St.	NA	Exceptional size-speed combination. Solid pro day showing, with sub-4.5 40-times at 200 pounds, a 35-inch vertical jump and 6.86-second three-cone time. Has safety experience.
								Was not a full-time starter. Marginal eyes and anticipation. Does not play to his size in the run game -- catches and stays blocked too long. Selective hitter. Marginal ball skills. Allows too much separation at the break point. Only one career interception. Does not sell out on the blitz.
							
2014	Aaron Hill	2549944	OLB	Minnesota	NA	Tough, smart competitor. Plays hard. Good straight-line speed. Flashes striking ability and will deliver pop on contact. Solid special teams contributor. Respected, team captain.
								Stiff and plays upright with limited knee bend and explosion. Undisciplined eyes -- bites on play-action and takes himself out of plays running around blocks. Tight dropping into coverage. Can be shook in space and is not a nuanced, technique-sound open-field tackler.
							
2014	Charles Sawyer	2549945	CB	Mississippi	NA	Flashes nice ball skills and reactions. Fights bigger receivers and shows willingness to support the run and throw his weight around. Has a 37-inch vertical leap. Has played outside and inside and some safety. Confident and competitive. Good teammate.
								Lacks ideal size and has short arms. Needs to get stronger. Has been dinged up and durability could be an issue. Tall, choppy pedal. Very average transitional fluidity. Underpowered blocker. Ordinary production on the ball. Was beat by LSU's Jarvis Landry for game-tying touchdown late in the game. 
							
2014	Charles Siddoway	2549946	OT	Mississippi St.	NA	Good athlete. Solid positional blocker with good feet and very good movement skill for a 300-pounder. Good pulling ability. Can run the field and lead the way on screens. Flashes lower-body explosiveness in the run game. Outstanding pro day performance, producing a 7.38-second 3-cone drill time that would have paced all offensive guards at the combine.
								Lacks bulk. Average arm length. Could do a better job locating and initiating contact on the second level ? whiffs and falls off blocks too much. Average base strength. Does not replace his hands or consistently sustain in-line. The game gets on top of him quickly and might be too quick on the inside.
							
2014	Nickoe Whitley	2549947	FS	Mississippi St.	NA	Good hands -- natural interceptor. Brings an intimidating presence to the back end. Will strike with pop and deliver big hits. Is a reliable tackler with a calculated approach playing the cutback. Has a special teams mentality. 
								Average recovery speed and burst. Is late to sort out route combinations and makes too many mental mistakes. Is tight in the hips and unsudden transitioning. Takes some questionable angles. Overall effort could improve, especially on the backside. Takes plays off. Not a strong secondary leader. Durability is a concern given history of Achilles' and ACL injuries. 
							
2014	Mike Hunchak	2549948	C	Monmouth (NJ)	NA	Big hands. Strong upper body. Nice snap-and-step quickness. Good feet to slide in short area or step to the second level. Athletic enough to pull and trap. Is football smart and made line calls. Shows some nastiness. Tough and competitive. Durable three-year starter who played guard and center. Can long snap in an emergency. 
								Arm length is just average, needs more sand in his pants and could stand to play with a better base. Does not shock defenders with his hands or generate power through his lower body/core. Needs to play with lower pad level and improve his technique. Did not physically dominate inferior competition. Average workout numbers. Was not a team captain.
							
2014	Brock Coyle	2549949	ILB	Montana	NA	Has a thick, compact build and carries his weight well. Has a nose for the ball and good tackle production. Is extremely competitive and it shows -- competes hard in the fourth quarter and does not take off plays. Tough, smart and passionate about the game. Has a special teams mentality. Excellent work ethic and overall character.
								Has short arms and gets stuck on blocks. Plays a bit out of control and will miss some tackles in the open field lunging and overextending. Is tightly wound and a bit robotic in zone drops. Only a two-year starter. 
							
2014	Taylor Martinez	2549950	QB	Nebraska	NA	Outstanding athlete, as evidenced in sub-4.5-second 40 time, 39-inch vertical jump and exceptional 6.85-second 3-cone drill time at his pro day -- all of which would have ranked among the top results among quarterbacks. Is tough and can take a hit and pop back up. Very good short-area acceleration, burst and finishing speed. Flashed explosive, big-play ability with the ball in his hands. Good work ethic and habits. Highly competitive. The game is very important to him.
								Marginal arm strength and decision-making for the quarterback position. Operated a simplified offense. Could take some time to absorb an NFL playbook and learn how to run routes. Can do a better job protecting the football in traffic. 
							
2014	Ciante Evans	2549951	CB	Nebraska	NA	Good balance and agility -- recorded a 6.65-second 3-cone drill at his pro day, which would have ranked amongst DB leaders at the Combine. Good route recognition and zone awareness. Has lined up outside and inside. Hardworking with solid character. Vocal on-field leader and team captain.
								Lacks ideal height. Below-average timed speed and leaping ability. Poor weight-room strength -- managed just eight bench-press reps at his pro day. Allows separation at the break point. Tends to clutch and grab. Struggled with the size and physicality of Penn State's Allen Robinson. Average ball production. Weak tackler.
							
2014	Mo Seisay	2549952	CB	Nebraska	NA	Excellent size and arm length. Outstanding pro-day workout, posting a 39-inch vertical jump and 6.50-second 3-cone drill time. Covers a lot of ground with long strides.
								Green, undeveloped eyes, instincts and anticipation. Gave up a touchdown vs. Wyoming in lone start and was never a full-time starter. Marginal career production. Inconsistent competitiveness. Takes some questionable angles. 
							
2014	Markus Smith	2549953	CB	Nevada	NA	Looks the part with outstanding size and good body length. Is willing in run support. Solid open-field tackler -- can lasso ballcarriers.  
								Very lean and leggy. Pedals tall. Can do a better job protecting his legs. Raw instincts and awareness. Is late to sort out routes and drive on the ball in zone coverage. Average production.
							
2014	Michael Flacco	2549954	TE	New Haven	NA	Good athlete. Solid one-year production. Adjusts well to the low ball and could make an inaccurate quarterback look good. Enough speed to get down the field and threaten the seam. 
								Only played one year of college football. Below-average arm length and weight-room strength. Only bench-pressed 225 pounds 14 times at his pro day and needs to get stronger and learn how to play stronger. Was not used much as an in-line blocker. Not sudden off the line and drifts in his routes. Must prove he can match up against better competition. Played four years of minor-league baseball and will be a 27-year-old rookie. 
							
2014	Tavarius Wilson	2549955	ILB	North Alabama	NA	Good quickness and athletic ability. Plays with a good, wide base. Outstanding closing speed. Strong tackler. Runs through contact. Does a good job of keeping his outside arm free and maintaining leverage.
								Very short and short-limbed and can get covered up and stuck to bigger blockers. Average lateral quickness and agility. Overruns the ball. Not natural moving in reverse. Plays small.
							
2014	Darryl Cato-Bishop	2549956	DE	N.C. State	NA	Good hustle, pursuit and second-effort production. Good eyes, awareness and feel for blocking pressure. Shows some savvy as a pass rusher and uses his hands well to rip and counter. Plays with intensity. Blue-collar worker. Has experience kicking inside. Has NFL pedigree -- father was drafted by the Bengals.
								Average overall size and length with small hands, short arms and a lower body lacking bulk. Average athlete. Struggles to unlock his hips and bend the edge. Struggles to handle the double team. 
							
2014	Asa Watson	2549957	TE	N.C. State	NA	Good athlete. Solid pro day workout. Very good straight-line speed. Has NFL pedigree -- brother, Ben, was a first-round pick of the Patriots and currently plays for the Saints. 
								Undersized. Only a one-and-a-half-year starter with limited career receiving production (27 career catches). Underdeveloped blocker. Not a natural catcher. Long-term durability needs to be evaluated carefully given missed 2011 season following heart surgery. 
							
2014	Brelan Chancellor	2549958	WR	North Texas	NA	Has big hands. Very good balance and body control. Runs strong with good body lean. Compact and controlled. Can contort his body in the air and make difficult catches. Has a 41-inch vertical jump. Outstanding agility, burst and short-area quickness. Slippery in the open field -- has a knack for avoiding direct contact and spinning off tacklers. Knows how to set up blocks. Tough and highly competitive. Good vision, awareness and traffic burst in the return game. Very good overall production.
								Very short with short arms and a small catching radius. Could struggle beating press coverage on the outside. Long-term durability could be a concern.
							
2014	Ken Bishop	2549959	DT	Northern Illinois	NA	Powerfully built with a good base. Good playing strength to dig hit cleats in the dirt and anchor vs. the run. Stout enough to handle the double team. Proven two-gap ability. Flashes shock in his hands and sheds quickly. Plays with urgency and is very active in pursuit. Has been very durable and adjusted well to expectations upon his arrival from community college. 
								Lacks ideal height and length. Is not an explosive pass rusher. Unrefined pass-rush arsenal. Only produced 3 1/2 sacks the last two years as a starter. Average closing speed and short-area burst. Has stiffness in his body. Could become more consistent feeling blocking pressure.
							
2014	Brian Dixon	2549960	CB	Northwest Missouri St.	NA	Outstanding size and stature. Has a thick musculature and a frame to add bulk. Good straight-line speed and press strength to function in short areas. Flashes striking ability. Tough, competitive and very durable. Has free safety experience. 
								Average eyes, instincts and anticipation. Leaky tackler. Very tight-hipped. Recorded a poor 4.59-second 20-yard shuttle time at his pro day, indicating very limited lateral agility. 
							
2014	Rashad Lawrence	2549961	WR	Northwestern	NA	Catches on contact and competes for the ball in traffic. Will cross the middle unfazed and has a feel for coverage. Has very big hands and is a reliable hands-catcher. Very good pro day showing, posting a 4.49-second 40 time, 39-inch vertical jump and 6.80-second 3-cone drill time. Outstanding personal and football character. 
								Short-armed. Builds to speed and is not a sophisticated route-runner who can separate consistently with savvy. Limited creativity after the catch. Is not a blazer and can't take the top off a defense. Limited special teams experience.
							
2014	Dan Fox	2549962	ILB	Notre Dame	NA	Generally keys, diagnoses and locates. Functional take-on strength. Flows to the ball and gives effort in pursuit. Solid wrap tackler. Smart and aware. Tough and durable -- played all 52 games of his career. Played "Mike" and "Will" in a 3-4 front and has special-teams experience. Good football and personal character.
								Very short arms. Average athlete with tight hips -- shows stiffness in space. Short on agility to slip blocks and needs to improve his hand use in order to disengage more quickly. Could struggle shadow backs and tight ends in man coverage. Was not a playmaker -- too many of his tackles come beyond the line of scrimmage. Has to be schemed free as a blitzer.
							
2014	Carlo Calabrese	2549963	ILB	Notre Dame	NA	Tough, physical and aggressive. Quick to trigger downhill and plug holes. Intense, active and energetic. 
								Has short arms and heavy feet and average athletic ability. Bites on play-action hard and can be late locating the football. Marginal knock-back body power. Is a liability in coverage and often exits the game in passing situations. Limited cover skills. Is late to reach the perimeter. 
							
2014	Donte Foster	2549964	WR	Ohio	NA	Rare leaping ability -- has a 42-inch vertical. Can make spectacular, one-handed grabs. Nice agility, as evidenced by 6.79-second 3-cone drill. Lined up inside and outside. Intelligent. Solid personal and football character. Team captain.
								Needs to bulk up and get functionally stronger -- too easily jammed and re-routed off the line. Route running needs work. Lets throws into his body. Out-muscled in a crowd. Average production. Disappears for stretches -- was held to 64 yards or less in six games as a senior. Underpowered blocker.
							
2014	Andrew Norwell	2549965	OG	Ohio St.	NA	Outstanding size. Gritty competitor. Plays an old-school, backyard brawler brand of football and seeks to finish blocks. Functional positional run blocker. Good versatility -- has played both tackle positions and can serve as an emergency tackle in a pinch. Three-year starter in the Big Ten Conference.  
								Can improve weight-room strength -- only bench pressed 225 pounds 22 times. Inconsistent technician. Lacks ideal agility to handle edge speed and can be challenged by quick inside rushers and counter moves. Lumbers to the second level.
							
2014	C.J. Barnett	2549966	SS	Ohio St.	NA	Productive, physical tackler -- quick to fill. Responds to a challenge and can handle hard coaching. Posted a 37 1/2-inch vertical jump and a 6.86-second short-shuttle at his pro day. Vocal team leader. Has been a gunner in punt coverage. Is very smart, understands football concepts and can handle complex assignments. 
								Average foot quickness to leverage the field and play the deep half. Does not feel routes developing. Can be late to come off spots and react to the thrown ball over the top. Will be challenged to handle the quickness of NFL slot receivers in man coverage. 
							
2014	C.B. Bryant	2549967	FS	Ohio St.	NA	Active in run support and plays bigger than his size. Good athlete with nice balance in his pedal. Reads his keys and reacts quickly. Plays the ball well in front of him. Good football smarts. Very good personal and football character. 
								Very short with a lean build, short arms and small hands. Is not a ball hawk -- only one career interception. Overmatched vs. tight ends and lacks top-end speed to get over the top. Inconsistent open-field tackler. Selective hitter. Durability has been concerning ? missed time in three of four seasons with foot, shoulder and ankle injuries. 
							
2014	Jaz Reynolds	2549968	WR	Oklahoma	NA	Outstanding size. Natural hands-catcher with good coordination, balance and body control to contort in the air. Nice double move -- can set up defenders.
								Not quick off the line and builds to speed. Not a burner to threaten vertically. Segmented route-runner. Limited production after the catch -- lacks strength and elusiveness. Only bench pressed 225 pounds nine times. Has been suspended multiple times throughout his career and has been very immature and untrustworthy. Limited special teams experience.
							
2014	D.J. Morrell	2549969	OT	Old Dominion	NA	Excellent size and body mass -- is thick throughout his frame. Competitive finisher with an innate toughness that consistently shows up after the whistle. Solid anchor strength in pass pro. Can lock down defenders once he gets his hands on them. Diligent and determined. Works hard, takes the game seriously and has strong football and personal character. 
								Has short arms and heavy feet. Limited blocking range. Developing awareness and instincts -- can be overwhelmed by quickness (see Pittsburgh vs. Aaron Donald) and overloaded pressure. Operates in a two-point stance in a spread offense. 
							
2014	D.J. Adams	2549970	RB	Portland St.	NA	Has a solid build and a low center of gravity and good contact balance to run through arm tackles and clear his feet through traffic. Slippery runner with nice vision and short-area burst. Has quick feet and a creative flair and can shake some tacklers in the hole or open field. Has soft hands.
								Runs upright with ordinary finishing speed. Is tight-hipped and it showed in shuttles at his pro day with a 4.46-second 20-yard shuttle and 7.49-second 3-cone drill time. Production is inflated from facing inferior Division II competition. Needs to become more nuanced in pass protection.
							
2014	Kevin Pamphile	2549971	OT	Purdue	NA	Very good foot quickness to shadow and mirror defenders in pass pro. Outstanding 10-yard split (1.77 seconds) and 40 time (4.94) at his pro day workout. Functional positional blocker in the run game to seal and wall off. Good base strength and balance -- is seldom on the ground. 
								Developing eyes and blocking instincts. Soft puncher -- is still learning how to use his hands and sustain. Raw technician -- does not coordinate his hands and feet in unison and is susceptible to inside counters and quick movement. Marginal finisher -- does not run his feet and gives up too early on blocks. Could use more glass in his diet.
							
2014	Rob Henry	2549972	WR	Purdue	NA	Good athlete. Can throw with accuracy on the move. Good athletic ability and vision to move the sticks on designed quarterback draws. Versatile, unselfish team player. Has lined up as a receiver, safety and served as a gunner on punt coverage. Team captain. Produced a 37 1/2-inch vertical jump and 22 bench-press reps at his pro day. Highly intelligent. Passionate about the game.
								Limited arm strength. Sporadic accuracy. Has very little experience as a receiver or defensive back. Will require considerable technique work. 
							
2014	Cody Bauer	2549973	DE	Rice	NA	High-cut with long legs and a short torso. Very good lower-body strength -- can squat a small house. Good motor, effort and energy. Good extension and lockout. Flashes strength to walk back blockers and quickness to cross their face. 
								Average arm length and athletic ability. Durability is a glaring concern -- has had three ACL reconstructions (two on left knee and one on right) and two foot surgeries. Medical examinations invite close scrutiny. 
							
2014	Jamil Merrell	2549974	DE	Rutgers	NA	Good instincts to locate the ball quickly. Outstanding effort and backside chase pursuit. Anticipates the snap very well and can flatten down the line and secure ball carriers from behind. Motor is always revving. Strong tackler. Flashes pass-rush ability. Solid base strength to hold the point -- plays bigger than his size. Good football intelligence. Respected, vocal leader who carries himself well. Tough and battled through a foot injury all season (after missing first two games).
								Lacks ideal bulk to defend the run. Average bend to trim the corner. Very tight-hipped, as confirmed in 4.58-second 20-yard shuttle at his pro day. Is not a creative pass-rusher. Displays no counter moves. Lacks ideal acceleration and burst to beat NFL blockers. 
							
2014	Jamal Merrell	2549975	OLB	Rutgers	NA	Solid athletic ability and range. Good tackler. Aligns in the slot and can run with receivers down the field. Is alert in zones. Fluid mover. Has seven career blocked kicks and has made his presence felt on special teams.
								Lean and leggy and is not quick or sudden redirecting. Average upper-body strength, only bench pressing 225 pounds 17 times at his pro day, and does not play strong. Could do a better job shedding blocks.
							
2014	Eric Pinkins	2549978	FS	San Diego St.	NA	Solid two-year tackle production. Will come up to support the run. Exceptional pro-day performance, clocking a 4.44-second 40-yard time at 220 pounds, recording a 39 1/2-inch vertical jump and 25 bench-press reps of 225 pounds. Good work habits.
								Only a two-year starter with only three career interceptions. Average ball skills. Lacks ideal range and can be beaten over the top (see Ohio State). Not clean changing directions, as supported by a 4.31-second 20-yard shuttle time indicating below-average agility. Ordinary eyes and anticipation in coverage. Will be stressed by the quickness of NFL slot receivers. 
							
2014	Ryan Jones	2549979	C	San Jose St.	NA	Outstanding feet and short-area quickness to pull and run the field. Good wide base and nice balance. Is tough and played through a foot injury. Registered a 4.88-second 40-time at his pro day, better than all interior linemen at the Combine, and 1.76-second 10-yard split. 
								Average lateral agility, as confirmed in below-average 4.77-second 20-yard shuttle time at pro day. Can do a better job locating and sustaining on the move. Eyes need to be re-trained. Could show more awareness vs. stunts and delayed blitzes. Only performed 17 bench-press reps and upper-body development needs work. Durability needs to be evaluated closely (had screws places in broken left foot). 
							
2014	James McCombie	2549980	P	Slippery Rock	NA	Very good leg hang-time and distance. The ball explodes off his foot. Good ball placement and control. Has shown he can handle the elements and drive the ball through the wind. Good hands. Experienced four-year starter. 
								Very limited athlete. Marginal speed, coverage and tackling ability. Can be flustered by imperfect snaps and had multiple punts blocked on errant snaps. Has a quirky kicker's personality. 
							
2014	Kenneth Acker	2549981	CB	SMU	NA	Very good size. Clean footwork, fluid hips and good balance in his pedal. Good coverage instincts. Sorts out route combos and reacts to the thrown ball. Good route recognition, anticipation and ball production. Has a 36-inch vertical jump and adjusts well to the ball in the air. Plays with confidence. Willing in run support.
								Average press strength. Struggled keeping phase with Mike Evans down the field and will struggle vs. the physicality of bigger receivers. Low, dive tackler.
							
2014	Garrett Gilbert	2549982	QB	SMU	NA	Outstanding size. Very good timing, touch and short accuracy. Can buy time in the pocket with his feet. Has NFL pedigree -- father played more than a decade in the league. Very strong pro day showing, completing 87-of-88 passes and throwing well against air.
								Operated a dink-and-dunk passing game featuring a lot of high-percentage, lateral tosses and short crossers that heavily padded his completion percentage. Does not drive the ball on deep outs or possess a high-velocity arm to rip the ball through high winds. Has a low release point that leads to a lot of batted balls. Is not an elusive scrambler and eyes drop under duress.
							
2014	Kyle Harbridge	2549983	RB	St. Francis (PA)	NA	Very productive. Sees cutback lanes. Nice one-cut ability. Competitive speed. Finishes runs. Catches naturally and is an effective short receiver. Willing blocker. Good strength -- pumped 225 pounds 22 times at his pro day. Has special-teams experience, including kickoff return capability. Hardworking with solid intangibles. 
								Average size, explosiveness and second-level burst. Faster than he is elusive -- does not string moves together. Limited power -- is not equipped to grind out tough yards inside or move the pile. Production is inflated from facing marginal competition. Was held in check by Duquesne.
							
2014	Ben Gardner	2549984	DE	Stanford	NA	Good size and leaping ability. Plays hard, runs to the ball and competes. Tough and durable. Recorded a 39 1/2-inch vertical jump and excellent shuttle times, posting a 6.98 second, 3-cone drill time (that does not show up on tape). Strong tackler. Respected team leader and tempo-setter.
								Has very short arms and gets turned and rooted out of the hole by double teams. Inconsistent pad level. Limited hand use -- struggles to disengage from blockers. Limited take-off speed and closing burst. Marginal quickness and body control.
							
2014	Khalil Wilkes	2549985	C	Stanford	NA	Is smart and makes the line calls. Tries hard, battles and competes. Very good football intelligence -- understands protections and adjustments and makes few mental mistakes. Can create a surge in short-yardage situations when he comes off the ball low.
								Lacks ideal height and bulk. Average arm length. Gives up ground in pass protection and can be ragdolled and walked back by bigger bodies. Lets quick defenders cross his face -- lacks foot quickness and recovery speed to cut them off. Only bench pressed 225 pounds 16 times at his pro day and shuttles times were slow (4.98-second 20-yard short shuttle).
							
2014	Marquis Spruill	2549986	ILB	Syracuse	NA	Plays with intensity and is around the ball a lot. Very good hustle, range and pursuit effort. Plays with good balance and is quick to read his keys and negotiate his way through traffic. Secure tackler. Flashes explosive striking ability. Effective blitzer with outstanding closing burst. Respected, vocal team leader with an infectious energy to unite a locker room and command respect from teammates. Tough, durable, experienced four-year starter with good production. Has a special teams temperament.
								Has short arms, small hands and is light-framed with limited bulk. Duck-footed, tight-ankled, stiff-hipped and straight-linish. Could stand to improve knee bend and hand use disengaging from blockers. Average functional, football-playing strength in tight quarters. Not an instant reactor. Limited ball production in coverage.
							
2014	Dashaun Phillips	2549987	CB	Tarleton St.	NA	Quick-footed and explosive changing direction. Smooth hips, feet and transition. Shadows his man and allows little separation in man coverage. Willing in run support. Plays with emotion and has a chip on his shoulder. Confident and competitive. Good hands and body control (12 career interceptions). Recorded a 39-inch vertical jump, a 6.65-second three-cone time and 3.97-second 20-yard shuttle at his pro day, indicating exceptional lateral agility and lower-body explosion. Tough and will play through injuries as did playing through a left foot injury as a junior. Four-year starter. Solid football character. 
								Is thinly built and struggles to shed blockers to support the run. Can be late to see plays developing and get out of position sorting out routes and trying to do too much in zone coverage. Diminished ball production (only two interceptions the last two years). Regularly matched against inferior Division II competition. 
							
2014	Casey Pachall	2549988	QB	TCU	NA	Good size. Very big hands. Can zip the ball with velocity and deliver the ball with acurracy and touch at all layers. Throws a catchable ball on the move. Is tough and will deliver the ball in the face of pressure. Very good pro day performance, producing a 7.39-second three-cone drill time that would have paced all guards at the combine.
								Footwork could be hastened in the pocket. Is late to feel pressure and cannot easily escape the rush. Relies on his arm too much and will throw off his back foot unnecessarily. Makes a lot of simple, half-field reads and does not throw receivers open. Suspect intangibles. Work habits leave a lot of room for improvement. Character requires close scrutiny given documented history of off-the-field troubles.
							
2014	Levi Brown	2549989	DT	Temple	NA	Is thickly built with well-distributed body mass. Very good strength -- can squat a small house and possesses solid functional strength to hold the point and stack the double team. Moves well for his size. Good pro day positional workout. 
								Has short arms and plays short-armed. Does not use his hands well to shed and disengage. Is not a pass-rusher and does not collapse the pocket. Marginal behind-the-line production -- only two career half-sacks in three years as a starter. Has a concussion history. 
							
2014	Rajion Neal	2549990	RB	Tennessee	NA	Very good size, muscularity and physical development -- has an NFL body. Good feet and agility to get to and through the hole. Surprisingly quick to the corner for a big back and flashes some creativity. Nifty in tight quarters and will drop his shoulder and consistently fall forward. Very natural, effortless catcher. Willing blocker effective chipping ends. Solid pro day showing, when he registered a 38-inch vertical jump and bench-pressed 225 pounds 28 times.
								Average power and tackle-breaking ability. Does not churn out a lot of yardage after contact and much of his production his blocked for him. Not a fiery competitor. Lacks elite, finishing speed and can be tracked down.
							
2014	Demetrius Rhaney	2549991	C	Tennessee St.	NA	Very good quickness, agility and balance. Gets into blocks quickly and keeps battling through the whistle (see fourth play of second quarter vs. Bethune when loses helmet). Runs his feet on contact. Good lower-body power. Can wall off and seal short areas. Efficient working up a level. Solid anchor in pass protection.
								Average arm length and overall athletic ability. Could do a better job gauging his power on the move and connecting with moving targets. 
							
2014	Trey Hopkins	2549992	OG	Texas	NA	Very good arm length for his height. Can create some push in the run game and match up with mass in short areas. Above-average anchor strength in pass protection to hold his ground. Very humble and hard-working. Solid personal and football character. 
								Tightly wound short-stepper with limited knee bend, lateral agility and recovery speed. Marginal pulling ability -- gets caught in traffic and is late to reach the block point. Struggles to connect with moving targets and adjust to linebackers at the second level. Plays short-armed and lets defenders into his frame. Raw blocking instincts for a three-and-a-half-year starter. Could stand to improve awareness in pass protection -- opens rush lanes with narrow vision. 
							
2014	Don Hawkins	2549993	OT	Texas	NA	Can wall off, shuffle and sustain. Works angles in the run game and can gain positioning and lock out. Blue-collar worker with a serious, business-like approach. The game is important to him.
								Average size, arm length and body control for the edges. Struggles initiating contact on the move and connecting with linebackers. Limited base and finishing strength. Only bench pressed 225 pounds 20 times at his pro day and needs to get stronger and learn to play with more shock in his hands. Tends to grab more than punch and can be exposed by edge speed. 
							
2014	Nate Askew	2549994	OLB	Texas A&M	NA	Has long arms and good hands. Outstanding athlete. Very explosive. Quick first-step. Recorded rare sub-4.5-second 40 times for a 240-pounder and a 38-inch vertical jump at his pro day. 
								Only a part-time, one-year starter. Freezes too much and processes the game slowly. See-and-go reactor. Is tight-hipped and a bit straight-linish. Average lateral agility, as evidenced in sup-par 20-yard shuttle times (4.4 seconds). Lacks core functional power and substance in his body to leverage the edge. Marginal hand use -- stays blocked by receivers. Is very green and still learning to rush the passer. Will require patience. 
							
2014	D.J. Yendrey	2549995	DT	Texas St.	NA	Has a solid build. Plays with good tempo and effort. Good lateral pursuit production and closing speed. Competitive and energetic. 
								Lacks bulk for an interior player (and played noticeably ligher than he measured). Is not a creative pass rusher and shows little variety in his pass-rush arsenal. Lacks base anchor strength to defend the run and gets turned and controlled easily. Did not dominate lesser competition. Character will require close scrutiny given early immaturity and expulsion from TCU.
							
2014	D.J. Mendenhall	2549996	QB	Urbana (OH)	NA	Outstanding size and athletic ability. Extremely productive, record-breaking production. Good short-to-intermediate accuracy, touch and placement. Experienced, four-year starter. Highly competitive. Works hard and has matured into more of a leader. Team captain.
								Operates almost exclusively out of the shotgun and will need to learn to adapt to working from under center. Has a low release point that will lead to more batted balls vs. better competition. Cannot easily hasten his release. Marginal arm strength to drive the ball. Makes simplified reads. 
							
2014	Morgan Breslin	2549997	OLB	USC	NA	Shows disruptive ability to rip under blocks and pressurize the edge. Athletic knee bender who generally plays on his feet. Motor runs hot -- plays hard, keeps working to the quarterback and gives consistent effort in pursuit. Crashes hard down the line. Productive -- registered 28 sacks in junior college then piled up 27 1/2 tackles for loss and 17 1/2 sacks in 18 games for the Trojans. Has a 35-inch vertical. Lives and breathes football -- has an all-business mentality and lets his play speak for itself. Coachable and football smart. Has been deployed with his hand in the dirt and as a stand-up rusher.
								Lacks ideal height and has short arms -- can be neutralized by larger blockers. Needs to improve hand use and develop pass-rush moves and counters. Gets overpowered at the point of attack. Average flexibility and burst at the top of his rush. Hip stiffness shows in space. Durability has been an issue dating back to high school -- suffered ankle, shoulder and hip injuries as a senior when he was limited to five games.
							
2014	Karl Williams	2549998	FB	Utah	NA	Thickly built. Tough and aggressive. Runs hard downhill. Exceptional timed, straight-line speed. Good core power to out-leverage defenders and move linebackers out of the hole. Good balance to kick through arm tackles and stay on his feet after chucking blockers in kickoff coverage. Accomplished special teams cover man. Effective cut blocker. Dependable catcher. Exceptional weight-room work ethic and passion for the game. Unselfish, team player. 
								Was never a full-time starter in a spread offense that did not make heavy use of the fullback position. Limited career production. Is not elusive and cannot make defenders miss. Tends to let the ball into his body. 
							
2014	Lawrence Virgil	2549999	DT	Valdosta St.	NA	Excellent size -- has a big, well-proportioned frame with long arms and room for added bulk. Rare upper-body strength -- pumped 225 pounds 39 times at his pro day. Flashes the ability to jolt blockers. Moves well for his size -- opens up his stride in space and athleticism shows in pursuit. Has a 31-inch vertical. Durable three-year starter. Hardworking and respected.
								Exposes his frame and is too easily engaged. Can play with more consistent leverage. Technique needs to be coached up -- needs to learn to shoot his hands, stack and shed. Two-gap ability is a work in progress. Marginal lateral agility displayed in three-cone drill time (7.77 seconds). Did not consistently dominate marginal competition. Inconsistent intensity.
							
2014	Gerald Ford	2550000	WR	Valdosta St.	NA	Very good size and thickness. Good athlete with fluid movement skills. Nice hand placement and positioning. Understands how to shield defenders from the ball and find soft spots in coverage. Can sidestep the first tackler and break arm tackles on short crossers and bubble screens. Productive, four-year starter. Competitive, emotional leader ? elevates the play of his teammates.
								Unpolished route-runner with build-up speed -- has a tendency to drift and could do a better job working back to the ball. Average separate speed. Could stand to do a better job finishing blocks. Regularly matched against Gulf South Conference competition. 
							
2014	D.J. Coles	2550001	WR	Virginia Tech	NA	Thick-bodied and strong to match up as a blocker in the run game. Runs hard after the catch and almost always falls forward. Solid competitor. Knows how to uncover in zones. 
								Has some difficulty escaping press coverage and does not consistently power through like he is capable. Long-term durability is concerning -- has had three surgeries on his right knee and has missed considerable time because of it. Will require patience adapting to the complexities of an NFL playbook.
							
2014	Josh Harris	2550002	RB	Wake Forest	NA	Is ripped with muscle and looks the part. Extremely quick and light on his feet with explosive stop-and-start ability. Produced a solid pro-day showing, clocking a 4.46-second 40-time, 35 1/2-inch vertical jump and 7-flat three-cone drill time with 28 bench-press reps. 
								Plays small. Shies from and curls on contact and does not run hard downhill. Can be tracked from behind. Could stand to improve awareness and effort in pass protection and learn to do a better job protecting the ball in traffic. Has too much of a track mentality and questionable work habits that could prevent him from ever reaching his potential.
							
2014	Nikita Whitlock	2550003	FB	Wake Forest	NA	Tough, aggressive competitor with strong, explosive hands and a terrific football-playing temperament. Plays low to the ground with a good base, balance and leverage. Motor is always charged. Is instinctive and locates the ball surprisingly well for his lack of height. Outstanding career sack production (20), including 10 as a senior. Produced a 4.34-second 20-yard shuttle and 6.91-second three-cone time at his pro day, which would have topped all defensive tackles and fullbacks at the combine.
								Extremely short and light-framed for the defensive line. Has very short arms and can be Velcroed and washed by double teams. Too easily stymied if he does not win with quickness. Only played on his feet (as a linebacker) during his redshirt season and must prove he can acclimate to an offensive playbook.
							
2014	Gregory Ducre	2550004	CB	Washington	NA	Extremely athletic. Exceptional pro day performance, clocking a 4.33-second 40-yard dash time, 6.56-second three-cone drill time and 17 bench-press reps of 225 pounds, correlating to nearly twice his weight. Is quick and feisty with outstanding recovery speed and short-area burst to close on the ball. Secure open-field tackler.
								Undersized and can be overwhelmed at the point of attack vs. bigger blockers. Average career production. Only a one-and-a-half-year starter with just two career interceptions, and production has not matched physical talent. Has a bit of a track mentality. 
							
2014	Rico Forbes	2550005	OT	Washington St.	NA	Good size, strength and straight-line speed. Solid pro day showing. 
								Very raw with limited play experience. Will require a lot of patience.
							
2014	Andrew Furney	2550006	K	Washington St.	NA	Has an explosive leg capable of converting beyond 60 yards, as he displayed as his pro day with surprising accuracy. Good get-off times. Poised under pressure and capable of converting clutch kicks from distance (Washington, 2012). Works at the craft and the game is important. Smart and hardworking. 
								Did not regularly handle kickoffs the last two years after coming up short in the role as a sophomore. Short-range accuracy is inconsistent. Inconsistent approach. Tends to hook the ball. Limited athlete and coverage skill.
							
2014	Nathan Slaughter	2550007	WR	West Texas A&M	NA	Very well-put together for his size. Has a 44 1/2-inch vertical jump. Displays top-end, finishing speed in the return game and can pull away from the pack (returned three kickoffs for TDs as a senior). Tracks the ball well over his shoulder and is a reliable catcher. Scraps and battles for extra yardage after the catch. Gritty blocker. Flashes explosive, playmaking ability. Nice vision and creativity after the catch. Rare speed to scream off edge in blocking situations.
								Small and a bit straight-linish, gearing down to cut. Ran a simple route tree and does not separate with much savvy. Drifts in his routes. Could stand to do a better job stemming and setting up defensive backs. Was not challenged by Lone Star Football Conference competition. 
							
2014	Torrence Allen	2550008	WR	West Texas A&M	NA	Outstanding production -- racked up 3,098 yards and 24 TDs the last two years. Has a 40-inch vertical jump. Tough and will play through injuries (played through left foot injury most of junior season). Good work ethic and competitiveness. Football is important to him.
								Average agility. Can improve his hand use releasing. Struggles to beat the jam. Tends to body the ball. Is easily altered by traffic. Does not consistently play to his timed speed. Average elusiveness in the open field and goes down easy on contact. Thinly built with limited strength as a blocker. Was not challenged by top competition. 
							
2014	Darren Cook	2550009	SS	West Virginia	NA	Rangy mover. Good speed and balance. Athletic enough to shadow tight ends. Quick-footed pedal and fairly smooth transition. Changes direction efficiently and shows nice closing burst. Good zone awareness. Plants and drives quickly. Physical presence in the box. Aggressive tackler who flashes pop on contact. Has a 35 1/2-inch vertical leap. 
								Lacks the juice to man up slot receivers. Takes some inaccurate angles and does not always fit properly in run defense. Inconsistent downfield ball reactions. Recorded a below-average three-cone drill (7.32 seconds). Questionable competitiveness and mental toughness. Character should be looked into.
							
2014	Brett Smith	2550010	QB	Wyoming	NA	Good-sized hands. Quick arm and feet. Plenty athletic to roll the pocket, escape or scramble. Very good foot speed for a quarterback. Functional short-to-intermediate accuracy. Flashes touch. Shows improvisational skills. Likes to play and it shows. Recorded a 10-foot, 8-inch broad jump at his pro day. Mature, humble and confident. Productive three-year starter. Two-time captain.
								Slightly undersized -- lacks ideal height and bulk for the position. Unpolished footwork and mechanics -- needs to be coached up in this area. Gets "happy feet" and throws off balance. Inconsistent, high-effort delivery -- shows some rigidity in his release and struggles to drill velocity throws on a line. Balls come out of his hand with loose wobble. Operated exclusively out of the shot gun and will require patience adapting to pro-style, progression passing.
							
2015	Andy Gallik	2552237	C	Boston College	NA	Fighter and grinder. Plays flat-footed on impact and can anchor. Secures his down blocks with purpose and tries to collapse them. Sinks hips and times his punch in pass protection. Keeps his head out of the pass protection and uses good posture. Nasty. Has the play demeanor that offensive line coaches love. Has necessary sand in his pants to stalemate against power and does a good job of getting his feet in position to wall off defenders. Very good functional strength. Can sustain power blocks.
								Gets a little bit high out of the snap. Linebackers have ability to slip his blocks when he climbs to the second level. Limited athletically and loses a great deal of his effectiveness outside of his snap area. Will spend too much time securing first space when asked to pull.
							
2015	B.J. Finney	2552238	C	Kansas St.	NA	Former walk-on who became a four-year starter and three-time captain. Was a wrestler in high school and shows clear understanding of leverage at the point of attack. Sturdy, NFL-ready build. Is able to use defender's momentum against him to help create blocking lanes. Very sticky hands and strong core. Uses good hand placement combined with core strength and balance to win his snaps. Makes strong commitment to power-stepping and shutting down gap shooters. Allowed just 2.5 sacks over four years. Can mirror with a well-timed punch in pass protection and looks for work when uncovered.
								Short arms. Will give up ground and create a shallow pocket when longer defenders get into him at the snap. Can get too straight-legged as a blocker and it could limit his effectiveness against twists and delayed, A-gap blitzers. Average snap-to-step quickness and can struggle when asked to block linebackers on the move. Below-average change of direction as second-level stalker.
							
2015	Brandon Vitabile	2552239	C	Northwestern	NA	Compact frame with a thick trunk. Has adequate play strength. Keeps feet working and maintains his posture. Mirrors well in pass pro and keeps defender centered in sweet spot. Can drop anchor and take a stand when challenged by power. Plus strength to redirect. Maintains a wide base at all times. Works feet and hips into position to wall off defender on zone plays. Won't lunge. Not overly athletic in space, but good enough. Has foot quickness and balance to change direction effectively in small spaces against pass-rush counters and stunts. Has played almost 98 percent of the offensive snaps over his last three seasons.
								Has stubby legs and arms. More of a block-catcher than puncher. Inconsistent at getting arm extension and allows defender to get to his edge. Short arms prevent him from desired sustaining of blocks. Loses leverage and is more of a stalemate blocker than man-mover. Change of direction on second level is inconsistent. Needs to improve as a finisher rather than allowing his man to leak into the play.
							
2015	Cameron Erving	2552240	C	Florida St.	NA	Keeps busy and works to secure blocks in run game. Good foot quickness into pass set. Consistently in ready position with good hand readiness in pass sets. Uses good hand placement and has natural timing with hands. Converted defensive tackle who will continue to improve in the NFL with more experience at center. Displays good snap-to-step quickness. Uses quickness to attack defender and begin his grind much earlier than when he played tackle. Competes and is a willing learner. Can get to second level and make cut-off blocks. Has athleticism to pull and offers versatility along the line.
								High-cut with tapered lower body, lacking power in legs. Pops straight up in pass rush. Susceptible to bull rush. Had issues handling the edge speed of Clemson's Vic Beasley in 2014 and his days of playing tackle are likely over. Relies on lean rather than hip thrust to generate power. Taught to absorb and control as a pass protector and needs to establish more pop in punch.
							
2015	Cole Manhart	2552241	C	Nebraska-Kearney	NA	Very fluid athlete with good feet. Was effective when asked to pull from tackle position. Can climb to second level and get blocks sealed. Used as tight end in short-yardage spot and was motioned around to set up attack points. Good processor. Was able to make in-game position switch effectively. Shows good pad level and hand placement in pass protection. Competes hard through the play and to the whistle.
								Level of competition is well below NFL standard. Punch in pass pro doesn't carry much snap and his core strength could be a major issue beyond college. Needs more coaching and improvement with footwork on zone plays as he allows too much penetration. Good straight-line athlete but his change-of-direction quickness is below average.
							
2015	David Andrews	2552242	C	Georgia	NA	Athletic center. Was asked to pull at Georgia. Good upper-body strength and has preferred "snap, step, leverage" at point of attack. Second level demon. Can stalk and mirror second-level targets before impact. Rarely lunges or plays with poor body control. Very good change of direction to corral moving targets and take them out of the play. Did not allow a sack over last two seasons. Understands who he helps and who his help is in pass protection. Tenacious and has big, strong hands to sustain blocks.
								Lacks NFL frame. No mass through lower body with thin calves and ankles. Average hip flexion and doesn't always bring hips under him. Lacks the mass and power to displace nose tackles in odd fronts. Could struggle to keep weight on. Offers no position diversity. Hands will drift a little wide at times in protection. Can be bull-rushed when isolated.
							
2015	Dillon Day	2552243	C	Mississippi St.	NA	Intelligent with strong competitive streak. Rarely busts on tape and is assignment-oriented. Good vision and anticipation of twists and games up front. Can come off of block quickly to pick up twist or blitzer. Thick through middle with good bubble. Plays with desired toughness at the point of attack and is a fighter in tight quarters. Not always pretty, but gets guys blocked.
								Plays with knee stiffness that hinders his leverage and overall athleticism. Has issues with ducking head into defender upon contact. Is an upright push blocker. Fails to generate power and is forced to rely on toughness and sheer will over technique and strengths. Will engage before feet are set, causing him to lose balance. Defenders get into him first too often, causing his hands to widen out. Below desired level for change of direction.
							
2015	Greg Mancz	2552244	C	Toledo	NA	Technician. Proper hand placement in pass protection and as a run blocker. Uses his understanding of positioning, angles and leverage to open running lanes. Allows defenders to run themselves into the wrong gap. Rarely out of position and has plus balance at impact. Displays very little wasted motion. Breaks down in space and finds target when pulling or climbing to second level. Plays with great confidence and composure. Can sink hips and drop anchor against bull-rush. Well-schooled with excellent football intelligence. Team leader. Has played tackle, guard and center and is proficient snapping from shotgun.
								Doesn't play with desired power. Needs more bulk and strength in lower body. Usually gets movement on nose tackle with help from a double team. Questionable hand strength to latch on and contain defender. Won't stay glued to second-level block as consistently as expected. Didn't face size and power in the MAC that he will see in NFL.
							
2015	Hroniss Grasu	2552245	C	Oregon	NA	Takes on challenges up front. Willing to battle against bigger, stronger nose guards. Has big hands and is tough at the point of attack with good functional strength. Loves to play and is a willing worker, according to personnel men. Reestablishes hands into proper placement in pass pro if defender gets hands into his chest. Can pull and hit targets in space. Adjusts to mirror and engage linebackers on second level. Consistently gets to reach blocks.
								Doesn't utilize length effectively. Uses inconsistent hand placement. Handles power players pretty well at point of attack but tends to lose balance when engaging the same players on the move. Marginal acceleration around the corner when asked to pull. Not a leverage winner in short-yardage situations. Needs additional weight.
							
2015	Jake Smith	2552246	C	Louisville	NA	Understands his limitations. Knows how to get to blocks through steps and angles. Motor runs hot and is able to win a snap here and there with effort over technique. Features good, live feet in pass protection and carries an adequate punch. Can drop anchor against bull rushers when playing with proper bend. Competes hard every play and has the tenacity required to make it in the league. Has played center and both guard spots.
								Limited athleticism. Can win in college with angles, but quickness of NFL defensive linemen could be a problem. Contact strength is marginal, which limits his recovery ability when beaten. High-cut with a lower half that fails to generate the power to create push in run game. Average flexibility. Will get too upright at times, opening bull-rush spots. Carries hands low too often. Shows some issues with dead feet when facing counter moves.
							
2015	Micah Hatchie	2552247	C	Washington	NA	Smart football player and understands the position. Takes good angles and gets feet in position to wall off defenders. Has the feet to mirror in pass protection. Shows good change of direction and can react to blitzes and twists. Will get arm extension and keep defenders at the end of them. Has good hand placement and was a productive three-year starter.
								Slightly built and lacks athleticism to play tackle in the NFL. Unable to gain enough ground to catch up with speed rushers without losing technique. Rarely latches onto defenders and controls them with strong hands. Sustaining blocks is an issue -- will hit a defender but doesn't stay glued to them. Has average power and gets his weight too far forward in order to compensate for that.
							
2015	Reese Dismukes	2552248	C	Auburn	NA	Shows good quickness and good awareness in pass protection. Has a good punch on quick sets and pass-sets with depth when sorting out blitzes and twists. Works up to the second level and will seal and latch linebackers. Stays low when uncovered and works well with his guards.
								Has difficulty with a zero nose or shade techniques. Tends to lose leverage when blocking heads up. Sometimes deadens feet and tries to position block, which causes him to lose the defender over the top. Hands open up and get wide. Has short arms and won't get much movement as run blocker.
							
2015	Shane McDermott	2552249	C	Miami	NA	High-effort player. Does a nice job of working in tandem with his guards to execute combo blocks and double teams. Uses a wide base in pass pro with ready hands. Three-year starter.
								Plays with poor balance and lacks adequate core strength for the position. High cut and generates very little power from his legs. Waist-bender. Struggles to recover when beaten around the edge. Gets stuck in park when asked to try and win against power. Fails to sustain blocks for very long.
							
2015	Cariel Brooks	2552250	CB	Adams St.	NA	Instinctive cornerback with solid ball skills and plus toughness. Can find ball in air and track it throughout. Excels in man-to-man coverage. Quick trigger to burst back on throws in front of him. Developed body type with willingness to stick his nose in and tackle.
								Short and will only be able to play slot. Can be mismatched by size. Shows some tightness. Tackle limitations due to size. Level of competition hasn't given him anything near what he will see in NFL.
							
2015	Cody Riggs	2552251	CB	Notre Dame	NA	Has outstanding football intelligence and instincts. Former free safety at Florida. Will peek in on backfield, but isn't reckless and rarely loses sight of his man. Trusts his technique. Shows great route recognition. Held his own against Michigan's Devin Funchess and Florida State's Rashad Greene when matched up in man coverage against them. Bulldog -- competes hard near the line of scrimmage and down the field. Confident player. Tracks ball effectively. Committed effort when asked to press. Will get downhill aggressively when runs or hitch throws come his way. Has burst off edge to be an effective nickel blitzer. Good feet with adequate lateral quickness.
								Size will be the biggest knock on Riggs. Short for an outside cornerback or free safety. Gets out-sized when ball is in the air. Jump balls will be an issue for him. Despite foot quickness, is a little tight at the top of a route and a hair slow out of breaks. Average change of direction skills for a cornerback. Has just two career interceptions and very few passes defensed. Aggressive tackler, but lack of size limits his tackling effectiveness and he often needs help finishing. Gives away too much cushion in thirds coverage.
							
2015	Curtis Riley	2552252	CB	Fresno St.	NA	Initial quickness to match receiver off line of scrimmage. Flashes man-cover skills short to intermediate. Alert in zone coverage. Captures and contains against outside releases and makes receiver work to get back inside. Competes when run comes his way. Disconnects from block and springs into legs of ball carrier. At his best when he's in press-man. Was part of the kick- and punt-coverage teams.
								Has some hip tightness. Not an explosive accelerator. Gives up too much separation over the top. Can't turn and carry speed downfield. Doesn't use length to disrupt in press very often. Thin frame. Took disastrous run support angles from high to low, leading to two long touchdowns. Below average at locating and making a play on the ball. Instincts below average. Was benched during 2014 season for ineffectiveness.
							
2015	D'Joun Smith	2552253	CB	Florida Atlantic	NA	Plus athlete. Very good foot quickness and footwork in general. Can flip hips and get to top speed quickly. Highly productive junior campaign and has very good ball skills. Has good eyes and feel for the game. Turns and locates the ball downfield and has excellent hand-eye coordination. Competes hard and is a willing tackler. Will jump routes and try to flip the field.
								Level of competition isn't there. Shows tightness at the top of the route. Scouts believe he is a tick slow at the top of the route and will give up separation. More of an off-man corner who is still learning to play near line of scrimmage. Lacks long speed and could be targeted for double moves on next level. Technique as a tackler needs sharpening.
							
2015	Deshazor Everett	2552254	CB	Texas A&M	NA	Plays extremely hard. Loves to hit and eats glass out on the field. Good strength to press and reroute at the line of scrimmage. Ball skills need work, but he has good hands. Will play through injuries and compete at a consistent level. Got hurt against Arkansas but played through it and made winning tackle late in game. Didn't always use it, but has football intelligence. Will face up and tackle running backs on the perimeter. Has core special-teams ability. Played safety his junior season.
								Has stiff hips and struggles to mirror and match wide receiver movements. Won't turn and find ball consistently when back is to the play. Undisciplined. Freelances way too much. Failed to improve as a player after sophomore season. Offenses attacked him for touchdowns. Terrible tape against Auburn and Missouri -- looked undraftable. Allows wide receivers to get on top of him too quickly and can't matchup against vertical speed. Might be labeled as a zone-only corner due to bad man-to-man tape and technique.
							
2015	Eric Rowe	2552255	FS	Utah	NA	Tall cornerback with long frame. Has the ability to disrupt wide receivers off the line of scrimmage and can mirror them out of their release. Jams and disrupts shallow crossers. Will throw his body around in run support if needed. Solid tackler. Attacks ball at catch point and makes it hard for receiver to finish the catch. Was a three-year starter at free safety before moving to cornerback this year. Can break hard on throws in front of him. Instinctive in zone with ball skills to match.
								Linear body type with average play strength. Will struggle to carry NFL deep speed. Lacks an accelerator and is not a recovery-type cornerback. Limited as a man-cover corner. Has change-of-direction issues in tight spaces. Plays into boundary too often. Had to fight through a leg issue at one point during the 2014 season. Likely a scheme-specific player.
							
2015	Greg Henderson	2552256	CB	Colorado	NA	Good foot quickness to shadow, receive and restrict passing windows. Adequate long speed. Can open hips, turn and stride with receivers maintaining contact along the way. Has ability to improve as man-cover corner. Plays hard and plays fast. Even on negative snaps, he tends to be in decent position.
								Sometimes blind to the throw. In press, he plays with his back to the ball and does a poor job of turning and locating ball. Limited ball skills. Seemed to regress from junior campaign. Had no interceptions on 68 targets after tallying four in 2013. Limited instincts. Was credited with allowing 8 touchdowns in 2014. Had to see it rather than feel it, giving up leverage on slants. Below average play strength, which shows up in run support.
							
2015	Ifo Ekpre-Olomu	2552257	CB	Oregon	NA	Very fluid mover. He can transition like his hips are on a swivel and he has the foot quickness in tight spaces to match. Instinctive and alert. Will transition from man or zone coverage and become a willing tackler against crossing routes that enter his side of the field. Not a robotic defender -- adjusts on the fly as plays unfold. Uses the boundary effectively. Doesn't shy away from tackling. Competitive and won't prematurely open up out of fear. Tracks the ball effectively and has plus ball skills. Mentally tough and twitchy. Playmaking tendencies. Aggressive for size in press coverage. Has experience outside and in the slot. Projected as an NFL gunner on special teams.
								Suffered a severe knee injury after the regular season in preparation for the College Football Playoff semifinal vs. Florida State. Unorthodox defender who rarely relies on technique. Gets in trouble trying to bait throws. Spends too much time trying to read quarterback and jump routes. Scouting community down on short cornerbacks. Prefers to play trail technique but lacks length speed to recover when challenged over the top against bigger targets. Missed more tackles in 2014 than in any other season. Can get wild and lose technique as a tackler. Tape from 2014 has scouts questioning his long speed.
							
2015	Imoan Claiborne	2552258	CB	Northwestern St. (LA)	NA	Can significantly disrupt routes when he gets hands on his target. Quick feet and loose in the hips. Able to open and run or change direction easily. Can mirror and match talent off the line. Has range to help over the top when asked to play deep third. Plays through receivers at point of catch. Willing to mix it up against the run. Recovered three fumbles and had four interceptions this year despite a lack of targets his way. Works as hard in the classroom as on the field. Confident in his talent. Can play gunner and cover kicks. Against Baylor in 2014, Bryce Petty rarely looked his way.
								Lacks optimal size to play outside. Shows some indecisiveness in combo coverage at times. Long receivers can keep him at the end of their blocks for too long. Sluggish to sink and respond when running with receiver who breaks off route. Handsy downfield. Average lateral acceleration. Scouts need questions answered about long speed. Will get caught peeking into backfield.
							
2015	Josh Shaw	2552259	CB	USC	NA	Played cornerback and safety at USC. Has above-average size for the cornerback position. Shows some short-area foot quickness and balance in coverage. Attacks the ball on underneath routes with aggressive swipes to disrupt. Can mirror and bring down runners in open space. Disruptive in press coverage. Gets from high to low quickly as a safety. Scouts say he will benefit greatly with more technique and film work in an NFL building.
								Hips too tight to turn and accelerate when beaten off line of scrimmage. Top-end speed concerning as a cornerback. Problematic lapses in assignments that lead to wide-open receivers. Not a physical, downhill tackler and play strength needs improvement. Has a habit of rerouting downfield in off coverage, which will turn into penalties in NFL. Struggled to keep Stanford WR Ty Montgomery in front of him as a cornerback. Opens hips too quickly in coverage and doesn't have twitch to burst back upfield. Struggles to find and track ball consistently. Suspended early in 2014 after it was discovered he suffered ankle injuries after jumping from second story while evading police, rather than in an attempt to save drowning nephew as he originally claimed.  
							
2015	Justin Coleman	2552260	CB	Tennessee	NA	Plays an aggressive brand of football. Physical in press coverage. Saw more action in slot in 2014 to take advantage of tackling. Defeats block and launches into ball carrier with proper timing. Contain-oriented on the perimeter against run. Instinctive and comfortable in zone. Recognizes combinations and makes proper adjustments. Good ball skills -- 10 passes defensed and 4 interceptions in 2014. Played outside contain on kickoff coverage.
								Short and slightly undersized for run-supporting nickel. Struggles to consistently mirror and match when challenged on outside. Plus route runners will turn him around. A shade slow to transition on throws in front of him. Will give up separation on crossers and verticals. Gets to catch point a shade early and could see more flags in NFL. Average hips with questionable speed.
							
2015	Kevin Johnson	2552261	CB	Wake Forest	NA	Smooth hips with excellent balance. Very natural in man coverage. Has feet and discipline to play square and mirror against complex routes. Has low, controlled backpedal. Disruptive in press coverage -- alters routes and slows receivers. Can easily transition laterally and has quick-twitch to break on throws in front of him. Flips hips and accelerates against vertical routes. Crowds wideouts on perimeter and constricts target area for deep boundary throws. Plays stronger than his listed weight. Has athleticism and enough speed to recover when beaten. Decisive player. Fights to disengage and support against the run. Willing to drop shoulder and lay lumber as zone defender. Usually followed opponent's best receiver around the field.
								Has a lanky frame with a very thin lower body. Gets fooled by head fakes downfield and turned around too often. Late to turn and find ball at times. Missed too many tackles as senior. Thin frame a concern as NFL run supporter. Will show too much respect to deep speed and allow separation by receivers who slam on brakes and catch passes in front of him. Ejected from Louisville game for targeting. Flagged nine times for 132 yards over the last two seasons.
							
2015	Quandre Diggs	2552262	CB	Texas	NA	Intelligent player with plus instincts. Anticipates routes well and attacks the throw. Has feet to mirror and chase crossing routes. Scouts say he lost weight before the season and gained better "twitch and fluidity" on tape. Always a willing tackler, but improved his tackling consistency in 2014. Rarely leaves field and saw his "yards per target" drop by 2.5 yards from 2013 to 2014. Primary starter for four years while at Texas and has experience outside and inside.
								Short cornerback whose lack of height means he'll likely have to move inside. Lacks top-end speed. Has a tendency to open his hips up prematurely for fear of getting beat vertically. Can be mismatched by tall receivers no matter where he plays on the field. Could struggle against short-area speedsters from slot. Has major issues getting off of blocks.
							
2015	Quinten Rollins	2552263	CB	Miami (OH)	NA	Four-year basketball player. Seamless transition to football field as a cornerback. Has point guard's foot quickness and hip fluidity. Plays with balance and above-average play strength. Well-built and competitive. Can be a disruptive press-corner. Has NFL-caliber "click-and-close" ability. Good leaper. Attacks the ball and receiver at high point. Good instincts and overlaps to make plays beyond his territory. Ruined hitches and bubble screens his way. Physical and has a strong desire to tackle. Wraps up receivers and throws his body at running backs in open space. Crowds receiver downfield, giving little breathing room. Has recovery quickness and natural anticipatory traits in coverage.
								Likely lacks the necessary experience to come in and help right away. Too reliant upon foot quickness. Needs technique work. Outside-in releases get him turned around. Shows gambler tendencies. Always sniffing around on underneath throws and opens himself up to double moves. Will get caught lunging in press coverage. Basketball is his first love. Scouts wonder whether he loves football enough to keep working at it. Must answer questions about his long speed.
							
2015	Senquez Golson	2552264	CB	Mississippi	NA	Outstanding competitor with plus ball skills. Production was off the charts in 2014. Had 9 interceptions and 16 pass deflections. Explosive through lower body. Instinctive. Can twitch and trigger to break on the ball. Can mirror in space and closes down passing windows. Plays with smooth hips and good balance. Can open hips to turn and run and has good top-end speed. Willing and effective against the run. Maintains leverage against the run and can disengage to make aggressive tackle when necessary. Has good eye discipline and can focus on his man and the quarterback at the same time.
								Worked primarily in zone and off-man coverage. Needs to show NFL evaluators that he can get in a receiver's pocket and stay there from press-man. Might be considered too small to play outside in the NFL. Three of his four touchdowns allowed came against receivers 6-foot-4 or taller. Smallish frame combined with aggressive tackling could lead to durability concerns.
							
2015	Steven Nelson	2552265	CB	Oregon St.	NA	Highly competitive. Very physical and aggressive for the position. Focused and consistent when asked to jam at the line. Excels as downhill player. Displays closing burst and ball skills to consistently contest passes (24 passes defensed over last two seasons). Won't give an inch when big running backs are bearing down on him around the corner. Wraps up and finishes as tackler. Fights to disengage and attack bubble screens.
								Doesn't have fluid hips to turn and chase if beaten off the line of scrimmage. Scouts believe tape shows below-average football intelligence and a lack of speed. Labored backpedal. Panics in man coverage and will get grabby (second-most penalized senior cornerback). Doesn't have length or fluidity to play in trail coverage.
							
2015	Anthony Chickillo	2552266	DE	Miami	NA	Moves around the defensive line and plays with consistency. Generates leverage at the point of attack. Good strength for his size. Held his own in one-on-one scraps against right tackle T.J. Clemmings from Pitt. Has strong hands and gets arm extension into target at snap. Has plus read and feel against the run. Plays square to the line and is able to maintain balance and hold his ground against power.
								Production as a pass rusher stalled during his time at Miami. Failed to live up to five-star billing coming in. Tweener. Lacks explosive qualities. Plodding and slow-twitch as a pass rusher, failing to consistently stress the edge of a blocker either from defensive-tackle or defensive-end spot. Needs more bulk and thickness to his lower body. Gets overwhelmed by double teams. More of a stalemate player than snap winner.
							
2015	B.J. Dubose	2552267	OLB	Louisville	NA	Good initial quickness into blocker. Can bend and play under the pads of guards and tackles. Uses hips to leverage blockers in run game. Able to get hands where he wants them and control the situation as a two-gap player. Willing to be a dirty-work player.
								Gets too tall and can be knocked to the ground. Feast or famine when he one-gaps. Can be redirected and knocked sideways out of gap when penetrating. Pulverized when double teamed. Thin calves and ankles for an interior player and fails to generate power from legs. Will shut down his pursuit if play is away from him. Marginal body control. No aptitude as a pass rusher to play defensive end in a 4-3.
							
2015	Brian Mihalik	2552268	DE	Boston College	NA	Tremendous length, with the body type to add more weight to his frame. Gets good arm extension. Has loose hips and good knee bend for a player his height.
								Doesn't fight through blocks as well as he needs to. Lacks suddenness and a true counter move as a pass rusher. Shows issues with ball awareness. Slow-twitch player who was consistently blocked by Florida State TE Nick O'Leary, who is much smaller.
							
2015	Cedric Reed	2552269	DE	Texas	NA	Will crash down the line of scrimmage to attack running plays when left unblocked on the open side. Can be disruptive with inside pass-rush moves. Plays with decent initial leverage for a long-levered defensive end. Shows secondary motor to pursue downfield.
								Stiff, unenthusiastic player. Has some athletic traits, but they don't show up consistently enough on the field. Passive off the snap and lacks physicality. Block magnet who has a hard time disengaging. Lacks the ability to turn the corner as a pass rusher and doesn't seem to have a pet move to beat tackles.
							
2015	Corey Crawford	2552270	DE	Clemson	NA	Looks the part out of the tunnel. Tall, well-proportioned base end with long arms. Smooth mover in space with ability to change direction and chase boot-action quarterbacks. Flashes a second gear when in close pursuit. Can get skinny and knife through gap when motivated. Mindful of contain and rarely loses sight of ball. Active with hands in passing lane when sensing pass attempt.
								Had more missed tackles (4) than "impact tackles" (gain of 2 yards or less that do not result in first down -- 3). Toughness seems lacking on tape. Takes too much tape work to find physical, competitive snaps. Plays too tall and shows very little fire in his hands. Too content to stay blocked. Allows tight ends to take him out of run plays and doesn't get enough mileage from his length. Disappointing play speed. Lacks upfield burst off snap to threaten edge. Must learn and develop a go-to pass-rush move.
							
2015	Geneo Grissom	2552271	DE	Oklahoma	NA	Long arms and thickly muscled frame. Has played both defensive end and outside linebacker. Gets arm extension and can set edge against tight ends. Has some burst off the snap. Adjusted and improved at his new position (LB) throughout the year. Steady in pursuit. Will flash inside moves and quickness and could benefit from a wider rush point in the pros.
								Can't bend and trim the edge as a pass rusher. Lacks lateral agility and desired change of direction. Scouts call him a "rigid mover." Not very instinctual and still trying to learn the position. Has been moved from defensive end to tight end back to defensive end and now to linebacker. Straight-line, one-note rusher. Maxed out frame. Will struggle if asked to cover in space. Play strength doesn't match the build.
							
2015	Henry Anderson	2552272	DE	Stanford	NA	Comes off the ball with good pad level and forward lean. Can get arm extension and can keep himself clean as five-technique. Plays with passion. Third in conference with 12.5 tackles for loss. Moved all over defensive line and has played in both odd and even fronts. Gets hands in passing lanes when rush stalls. Capitalizes when he gets on blocker's edge. Scouts love his intelligence and team-first attitude. Will pursue hard to the sideline and rarely gives offensive linemen a snap off.
								Slender legs, tight hips and boring feet. Feet will stall at contact when squared up against the run. Initial punch by an offensive lineman will jostle him. Lacks power to play inside. On the ground far too often. Must improve hand usage as pass rusher. Can be blocked by tight ends. Benefited from team-oriented defensive scheme. Doesn't gain much ground with initial steps as pass rusher. Relies on hustle sacks and lacks counter moves.
							
2015	Markus Golden	2552273	DE	Missouri	NA	Plays with toughness and is a fighter. Turns effort switch on and it stays on. Can set and hold the edge against the run. Stays alive in pursuit and has extended motor down the field. Holds his ground at the point of attack. Shows good awareness and locates the ball quickly. Has strength in his hands. Heavy tackler.
								Plodding, straight-line player. Lacks average get-off after the snap. Limited tackle range -- has to have the play near him. Doesn't use hands to shed and win often enough. Mostly a bull-rusher. Effort pass rusher who doesn't have a pet pass-rush move. Stiff and must gear down to change direction. Lacks closing burst to finish off his pass rushes. Doesn't seriously threaten outside shoulder of right tackle very often.
							
2015	Martin Ifedi	2552274	DE	Memphis	NA	Worker bee. Keeps playing until the whistle and works to improve his position. Good arm length. Has ability to get under blockers and drive them into the pocket. Reads run plays and reacts quickly. Makes it hard for linemen to reach-block him. Tough at the point of attack. Plays square to the line of scrimmage with a strong base and strength in hands to shed. Launches into tackles and finishes. Highly intelligent.
								Slow-twitch, one-speed pass rusher. Not elusive -- offensive linemen always know where to find him. Pops straight up out of stance. Looks unnatural when twisting. Appears to lack an accelerator. Slows feet before contact as pass rusher. Missed four games due to injury in 2014. Misleading sack numbers his sophomore and junior year, with most coming on second effort or with quarterback hanging onto ball too long.
							
2015	Owamagbe Odighizuwa	2552275	DE	UCLA	NA	Absolute Greek God with the pads off. Shredded physique with very little body fat. Strong at the point of attack. Plays with desired anchor and strong lower body. Run defender who can close down creases. Gets off ball with good pad level and has potential to convert speed to power. Hands are violent and active. Relentless and competitive. Never gives up on a pass rush. Expected to be a core special-teams talent. Can play 4-3 defensive end or 3-4 outside linebacker.
								Not skilled as a pass rusher. Won't win around the edge often and must prove he can counter back inside. Has dealt with two surgeries on his hip and missed all of 2013 because of it. Lateral agility is limited. Range in pursuit in question. Could be mismatched if forced to cover in space. More unit fit than talented player.
							
2015	Preston Smith	2552276	DE	Mississippi St.	NA	Angular build with long arms. Has point-of-attack strength and doesn't get pushed around. Plays with leverage against the run. Very sound wrap-up tackler who usually finishes the job. Flashes busy hands as a pass rusher and uses them to gain advantage. Gets arm extension, finds running back and looks to shed against gap running plays. As a junior, rushed passer from both ends and over the nose while also dropping into space on occasion. Can be a disruptive player when asked to play the gaps. Has ability to slip and go when rushing from inside position.
								Must time snap to get enough burst upfield to win the edge. More of an edge-rounder than corner-turner. Pedestrian inside pass-rush moves. Scouts say he "sees it" but doesn't have the quick-twitch athleticism to react quickly enough to make plays. Disengages a step slow. Takes too long to ramp up to play speed when asked to stop/start. Will jog and watch in pursuit away. Lacks power to bull rush.
							
2015	Ryan Russell	2552277	DE	Purdue	NA	Looks the part. Long-armed with angular body. Takes wide, quick steps and can be difficult for tackles to handle when stunting. Quick feet with long steps to close on quarterback quickly in "T/E" twists. Flexible upper body. Very good change of direction to harass boot-action pass plays. Flashes a quick first step. Has adequate power at the point of attack. Still very raw with traits to potentially mold.
								Plays with a narrow base and loses balance. Has traits to get into linemen first, but doesn't bring anything in his hands to jar them. Raw pass rusher. Doesn't seem to have a plan and loses interest when stymied. Completely dominated by Wisconsin right tackle Rob Havenstein. Evaluators have expressed concern about competitive toughness. Content to stay blocked and doesn't fight to improve position. Out of position to finish tackles and misses more than he should.
							
2015	Trey Flowers	2552278	DE	Arkansas	NA	High-motor power end. Uses stab move effectively and is continuing to grow as a pass rusher. Consistent with hand placement and is technically sound. Stacks and sheds in run game. Had a strong game against Texas A&M tackle Cedric Ogbuehi. Good student. Doesn't look like much athletically, but finds his way to the ball against the run.
								Not a quick-twitch athlete. Below-average burst off the snap and and won't win around the corner very much in pass rush. Not yet advanced enough as a pass rusher to be able to consistently pressure the passer. Nothing special about ability to close on the ball. Limited scheme fit.
							
2015	Za'Darius Smith	2552279	DE	Kentucky	NA	Linear build with well-defined upper body. Plays like his hair is on fire and is more than happy to mix it up with tackles in the trenches. Strong at the point of attack. Can stack and shed blockers using arm extension and power in hands. Will do the dirty work for a defense and is considered a good team-first player.
								Can't bend and trim the edge in pass rush. Stiff hips with limited change of direction. Body is likely maxed out. Traits and athleticism unlikely to excite NFL teams. Not a plus athlete for the position. Didn't churn out consistent production. 4-3 power-end only and might not be a viable pass-rushing option on third down for some teams.
							
2015	Carl Davis	2552280	DT	Iowa	NA	Powerful player. Grows roots against double teams and holds his ground. Noticeable improvement with hands from 2013 to 2014. Shows ability to win with hands and remain disengaged. Fires off the ball with leverage. Strong punch off the snap with power to get arm extension and shed. Uses effective club move as a pass rusher. Has a spin move he'll use to disengage from contact. Naturally transitions from move to move. Good football IQ with a plan of attack.
								Plays heavy-legged. Has smaller "radius of impact" than scouts are looking for in a high draft pick. Lacked production as pass rusher over last two seasons. Pursuit can be lazy and uninspired. As he fatigues, play quality falls way off. Rarely wins immediately. An "eventual" player rather than sudden.
							
2015	Chucky Hunter	2552281	DT	TCU	NA	Cranks motor and goes. Uses arm-over move as pet move to gain an advantage. Pursues hard down the line of scrimmage. Has sufficient play strength and can hold the point of attack when single-blocked. Gap sound. Considered very coachable and dedicated to team.
								Sawed-off frame leaves him vulnerable to being washed out against NFL running game. Doesn't have the feet or upper-body flexibility to live in gaps. Lacks ideal length to be full-time two-gapper. No perfect scheme fit for him. Average skill set and makes most of his plays off of effort. Very little pass-rush potential in the pros.
							
2015	Gabe Wright	2552282	DT	Auburn	NA	Great explosion into first step. Fires out with low pad level and plays with leverage at contact. Able to stay square and fight against double-team blocks. Has ability to get into gaps and disrupt the run game. Uses counter moves as a pass rusher, including a decent spin move. Shows signs of being able to read and react rather than just penetrate.
								Doesn't play with consistent power behind his pads. Must improve at disengaging and locating running back. Displays inconsistent secondary motor when asked to pursue plays beyond the line of scrimmage. Will run himself out of plays. Production was down from 2013, despite getting a higher percentage of snaps in 2014.
							
2015	J.T. Surratt	2552283	DT	South Carolina	NA	Has a low center of gravity and maintains leverage throughout snap. Looks to jolt offensive linemen with post-snap punch. Won't just allow himself to be blocked against the run -- fights to get off the block and make a play. Has good foot quickness on the interior. Sees it, thumps with his punch, shuffles and mirrors the ball carrier. Possesses good strength in his hands and can hold his ground against double teams. Can change directions well and gets off the snap quickly.
								Short levers for an interior player. Generally ineffective as interior rusher. Needs to improve hand usage in pass rush and learn to threaten the edge of the guard. Gets fewer effort sacks than he should. Turns motor off when he senses his pass rush is stalled. Will pursue run down the line, but his secondary pursuit can be lazy and lackluster. Inconsistent tackle quality. Doesn't disengage quickly enough to make plays on the other side of the line.
							
2015	Joey Mbu	2552284	DT	Houston	NA	Mindful of getting hands on opponent quickly and with good arm extension. Gritty and plays to the whistle every snap. Very active hands and works to keep himself clean as he mirrors run play down the line. Frenetic pass rusher who gives guards a moving target to try and track. Senses screen passes and reacts. Football and personal character are sky-high, according to regional scouts.
								Despite head movement and busy hands, he doesn't gain much ground as a pass rusher. Isn't a true two-gap defensive tackle, but doesn't threaten the edge enough as a penetrating player either. Lacks power and and can be uprooted from his position. Pursues too aggressively at times against the run and vacates his gap.
							
2015	Louis Trinca-Pasat	2552285	DT	Iowa	NA	Good teammate. Worked well with teammate Carl Davis, running twists and occupying blocks to free Davis. Can convert speed to power as the twisting defensive tackle. Has good power for his size and can hold his ground against one-man blocks. Shows tremendous balance and is rarely on the ground. Works all the way through a snap and finds ways to eventually slip tackles. Will pursue with fervor.
								Shows some stiffness in his lower body. Undersized with short arms. Doesn't have the long levers or athleticism to capture the edge as a pass rusher. Stronger players with length will overwhelm him with size. Gets wired to base blocks for too long. Not a consistent finisher as a tackler. Must time snap more quickly to win with penetration.
							
2015	Michael Bennett	2552286	DT	Ohio St.	NA	Great burst off snap, coming in low and looking to disrupt. Is always first with his hands. Good arm length for a player his height. Violent, active hands are his calling card. Uses powerful hands to snatch and pull guards off their spot. Gets initial pop and arm extension to stay clean and can shed. Plays with terrific technique. Has shoulder turn to make himself skinny and shoot gaps. Constantly changing angles post-
snap, making it tough for linemen to get clean, sustained blocks on him. Tougher against double teams than most interior linemen his size. Efficient arm-over move to defeat centers quickly. Is usually in control of the battle from snap to snap. Considered a team leader.
								Inconsistent motor at times, but that might be more fatigue-oriented rather than an effort issue. Will charge in headfirst and lose sight of running back. Sometimes defaults to garden variety hand-fighting when pass rush stalls. Can lose gas with too much wasted motion as a pass rusher -- especially as a three-technique. Pass rush is tied to hands and winning early, so he must develop a counter move. Had a better junior season than senior. Lacks power and girth in his lower half.
							
2015	Travis Raciti	2552287	DT	San Jose St.	NA	When stunting, takes wide, quick steps to gain ground and create difficult change-of-direction spots for offensive linemen. Feels pressure and gets hands ready to battle against it. Improved his hands over the last two seasons. Has straight-line quickness to get down the line quickly in pursuit. Very athletic. Plays with desired motor and scouts say he is a film junkie with the work ethic to get better.
								Muscular but not as bulky as scouts would like to see for the position. Lacks a plus anchor against power and gets completely washed out against double teams. Inconsistent manning his gap against run. Sack production has fallen sharply since sophomore season. Very average get-off and lacks explosive upper body to consistently shed. Would like to see more aggression and mean at the point of attack.
							
2015	Warren Herring	2552288	DT	Wisconsin	NA	Gives offensive linemen a moving target and makes it hard for them to get a clean punch. Has quick, darting hands. Willing teammate, sacrificing personal stats for team-based defensive scheme. Dips his shoulder and uses rip to get around the edge and penetrate. Decent closing burst to the edge against quarterbacks outside of the pocket.
								One-year starter. Missed five games with a knee injury sustained in 2014 season opener against LSU. Gets dwarfed at the point of attack and gets overwhelmed physically. Once he's pinned, he doesn't have the strength or athleticism to fight back into a play. Gained advantages thanks to schemes' pre-snap movement and stunts. Loses balance too easily and on the ground too much. Motor doesn't stay locked in long enough. Frequently loses sight of the ball.
							
2015	Bud Dupree	2552289	OLB	Kentucky	NA	Freakish athlete with chiseled frame. Outstanding power with ability to rag-doll tight ends at will. Should be an above average edge-setter. Good transition from playing run to rushing quarterback in play-action. Explosive closing burst. Willing thumper when he has a shot on running back. Can drop into space and play zone. Raw, but learning with huge growth potential as a player. Has strength at the point to be a physical edge-setter. Scouts give him plus grade for character. Will post eye-popping numbers at the NFL Scouting Combine.
								Tall but not long. Wins with athleticism over skill at this point. Some scouts believe his instincts are below average, leading to hesitation. Will get caught taking bad angles to the ball. Needs to improve hand fighting. Still raw rushing the passer. Doesn't possess a go-to pass-rush move. Appears to lack urgency in-game.
							
2015	Davis Tull	2552290	OLB	Tennessee-Chattanooga	Three-time Southern Conference Defensive Player of the Year (2012, 2013, 2014). First-Team FCS All-American as a senior with 10.5 sacks and 18 tackles for loss. As a junior, was named First Team FCS All-American with 9 sacks and 15 tackles for loss while posting a 4.0 GPA during the fall. In 2012, became first SoCon sophomore to be selected as SoCon Defensive Player of the Year since former Dallas Cowboys third-round pick Dexter Coakley. Set single-season UTC sack record with 12.5 and was fourth in the nation with 19 tackles for loss. Made the SoCon All-Freshman team, starting all 11 games at defensive end. Former walk-on. Colleges stopped recruiting Tull after he broke his femur in the second game of his senior season and missed the rest of the year. Was an Honor Society member at Bearden High School in Knoxville, Tennessee.	Four-year starter. Outstanding production and works as hard from snap to snap as any defensive lineman in this draft. Plays stronger than his listed weight. Stays square against the run and leverages his run gaps. Plus hand-eye coordination. Has what scouts call "snap-winning" hand usage against run or pass. Relentless in pursuit. Frenetic off snap, giving tackles darting movement inside and out. Has power and toughness to set the edge and turn plays back inside. Leverage rusher who can dip shoulder and turn corner as well as bull-rush weaker tackles. Has lightning-quick spin move but needs to sharpen technique when using it. Held his own against Tennessee this year with a sack and two tackles for loss.
								Marginal upfield burst by NFL standards. Needs to instill more fear around the edge to open up room for his inside moves. Short arms. Long tackles can get to his chest and divert his rush track. Racked up gaudy stats against inferior competition. Average athlete with average size. Won with great hands and effort, but athletic NFL tackles could stymie those traits. Too small to play defensive end and has limited experience standing up.
							
2015	Deiontrez Mount	2552291	OLB	Louisville	NA	Solid play strength. Holds point of attack with good technique on stretch plays and can disengage to attack. Good defensive awareness. Sees the ball and throws himself at runners trying to burst through crease. Natural change-of-direction ability. Honest effort as pass rusher. Hand usage is acceptable. Plays with hand in ground on goal line and doesn't get pushed around. Effort in pursuit. Took snaps at outside linebacker, inside linebacker, defensive tackle and defensive end.
								Limited NFL position options. Lacks mass to play left defensive end and doesn't have the pass-rush talent to play weakside outside linebacker in 3-4. Stiff when asked to drop into space. Can be severely mismatched if asked to cover in space. Average athlete with below-average quickness as stand-up linebacker.
							
2015	Hau'oli Kikaha	2552292	OLB	Washington	NA	Relentless. Bends the edge hard. Plays with his hand on the ground and stands up. Scheme versatile. Best fit is in 3-4. Intelligent player. Saw a streak of 14 consecutive games with a sack broken at Arizona in 2014. Excellent with his hands, possessing a variety of techniques. Was a judo champion when he was younger and a high school wrestler, so he understands hand placement and leverage. Good change of direction. Maintains low center of gravity on his rush without losing his wheels. Ability to recover and get back into a play.
								Can get swallowed up in the run game at defensive end. Has had knee issues in prior seasons. Perceived as a one-trick pony (pass-rush specialist). Upfield specialist and doesn't set the edge consistently. Needs work on playing consistently in space. Gets overly aggressive at times. Has had two ACL injuries and medicals will need to be scrutinized.
							
2015	J.R. Tavai	2552293	OLB	USC	NA	Tough guy. Started his career as a defensive tackle and defensive end for the Trojans. Has produced consistent pressure as an outside linebacker over the last two years. Gets off the snap quickly. Is a relentless effort rusher who never stops when his rush seems to stall. Will create hesitation from tackles when he uses his head fake inside. Aggressive. Meets blockers with a stiff punch and keeps himself clean. Finishes tackles when he gets his hands on ball carrier. Involved in momentum-swinging plays. Energizes his unit. Effective in USC twist game.
								Wasn't a full-time starter during most of his stint at USC. Short-legged effort player who doesn't gain enough ground upfield to consistently threaten the edge. Limited tackle range. Plays at one speed and allows tackles to time him up with their punch. Has missed time due to injury for three consecutive years. Lacks NFL closing burst. Is ill-equipped to drop and match up in space against tight ends and running backs.
							
2015	Jermauria Rasco	2552294	OLB	LSU	NA	Upper echelon football intelligence. Has great eyes and anticipation. Rarely fooled by play-action and screens. Has benefited from playing for defensive coordinator John Chavis. Skilled with his hands. Quick out of stance. Takes good pursuit angles and can make himself skinny when slanting. Can "rip and run" around the edge as a rusher. Has played with a hand in the ground and standing. Has ability to transition into full-time 3-4 OLB spot. Seamless change of direction and an accelerator to close on perimeter. Tough enough. Flexible upper body with decent hips.
								Shorter arms than desired as a defensive end. Could struggle to leverage gap if drafted as an end. Uses foot movement to help get rid of blocker and will give up his run fit at times. Has posted average production as a pass rusher over the last two seasons. Has initial quickness but lacks three-step explosion to consistently threaten the edge. Lacks strength to recover and can be washed down on zone plays.
							
2015	James Vaughters	2552295	OLB	Stanford	NA	Strong upper body with ability to thwart drive-blocking attempts by tackles. Gets physical against tight ends and sets edge effectively. Hustles through whistle. Delivers a blow as a tackler.
								Labored movement in space. Stiff and struggles to change direction fluidly. Can't consistently constrict running lanes. Slow to disengage and transition into ready position. Doesn't gain enough ground upfield to threaten edge as pass rusher and lacks explosive hands. Lacks length.
							
2015	Kyle Emanuel	2552296	OLB	North Dakota St.	NA	Logged 16.5 tackles for loss and 10 sacks in eight games against top 25 opponents. Fires out with forward lean and low pad level. Good hips with low center of gravity. Has ability to bend edge and turn corner abruptly. Plays with strength and isn't easily redirected when he gets to shoulder of tackle. Has quick feet. Frenetic, moving target who is hard to sustain against. Has a linebacker's agility and ability to avoid traffic at his feet. Pursues runners with outstanding angles and never believes he is out of a play. Can set the edge against run and accelerates into ball carriers with a thud.
								Played against inferior offensive linemen and often rocked tackles off-balance too easily. Has an average burst to the edge. Struggles to find his way back into rush when he is quick-set. Plays with shorter limbs than scouts like and might be a 3-4 OLB only. Too reliant on "run-and-bend" pass rushing -- needs to increase repertoire. Could become engulfed by NFL linemen if he plays too far inside. Rarely breaks off pass rush at high point to come underneath the tackle.
							
2015	Lorenzo Mauldin	2552297	OLB	Louisville	NA	Confident and tough with high football character. Gives second effort and doesn't quit on plays. Arm over can make tackles look foolish in pass rush. Productive and active against the run. Has good awareness and will get hands in the passing lanes when his rush stalls out. Straight-line burst upfield to quarterback when he has him in sights. Can stick a foot in the ground and change direction quickly to beat tackles inside.
								Rigid mover lacking thickness in lower body. Doesn't consistently utilize power in his hands. Plays too upright. Doesn't dip and turn corner as tightly as you would like for a 3-4 edge rusher. Gears down to set up pass-rush moves. Lack of size and leverage could be a problem in the league when taking on run.
							
2015	Lynden Trail	2552298	DE	Norfolk St.	NA	Long, athletic frame. Used as 3-4 OLB, but also spent time with hand in the dirt. Bender with ability to get low on short yardage and near goal line when on line of scrimmage. Drops smoothly into space when asked to zone up and has range to cover. Initial quickness off snap. Improved hand usage and overall technique as pass rusher during season. Accelerates to chase down runner in back-side pursuit. Just now grasping advantages of his length. Has bend and foot drive to control line of scrimmage vs. run with more coaching. Uses length well with 18 deflections over last three years. Has length and versatility to become imposing player with more experience, coaching and toughness. Was given reps as a tight end during the Thursday practice session at the Senior Bowl, and looked relatively comfortable as a pass catcher in the red zone.
								Still very raw. Former high school receiver -- can be too passive at times on the field. Doesn't play to his size. Stays wired to smaller, less-talented blockers for too long. Drag-down tackler with few punishing hits on tape. Will take wide angles to quarterback as a rusher. Relies on chopping right hand to defeat punch and must diversify pass-rushing portfolio. Tape fails to show a relentless play demeanor and majority of production comes from size and athleticism. Unskilled and inconsistent with hands and can get "beat up" by tackles because of it. Slow to diagnose and respond. Gets lost at times on field.
							
2015	Nate Orchard	2552299	DE	Utah	NA	Good foot quickness. Tackles struggle to handle his inside move. Explodes out of a track stance on passing downs. At his best as a squared-up rusher with a two-way go. Utilizes unique stutter step combined with burst to beat tackles inside. Seamless coordination of hands and feet as a rusher. Smooth hips to backpedal into space or turn and run laterally. Stronger at the point of attack than given credit for and offers scheme versatility. Shows juice upfield out of stand-up position. Still improving and learning his craft. Has ability to discard and make plays against the run. Has upper-body flexibility to beat blocker with shoulder turn. Still improving, but shows ability to use hands to help him win quickly. Played well against Stanford LT Andrus Peat.
								Not much of a factor against the run. Will get engulfed at the point of attack. Scouts say he lacks "lead-dog aggressiveness." Not consistent enough as edge setter and rarely looks to lay a shoulder into fullbacks and tight ends coming across to block him. Wins with foot quickness and effort over skill and counter moves. Has a mechanical spin move. Short strider who doesn't gain as much ground around the edge as expected. A little tight in hips and rounds the corner rather than turns it. Only one year of big production.
							
2015	Tony Washington	2552300	OLB	Oregon	NA	Has experience as a 3-4 OLB and defensive end. Can bend, dip and rip at top of his rush to turn the corner. Still growing into his frame. Flashes NFL edge-setting potential. Plays with good bend and arm extension at point of attack. Wraps up his targets and ends the play as a tackler.
								Snap-and-go pass rusher with no real plan of attack. Limited counter moves, relying on athleticism over skill. Has small hands and doesn't win with them enough. Needs to improve play strength. Can be mismatched in man coverage. Doesn't always seize opportunities to turn the corner as a rusher and will take wide angles to the quarterback. Instincts aren't there yet.
							
2015	Vic Beasley	2552301	OLB	Clemson	Excelled in track, basketball and football while at Adairsville High School in Georgia. Beasley was recruited as a defensive athlete after playing running back, tight end and defensive end in high school. Redshirted in 2010 and played just 16 snaps in 2011. Burst onto the scene in 2012 as a redshirt sophomore with 18 tackles, eight tackles for loss and a team-high 8 sacks. Consensus All-American in 2013 and finished with 44 tackles, 23 tackles for loss (third in the nation), 13 sacks (tied for third in the nation), 12 quarterback pressures, four forced fumbles and one fumble recovered. Began 2014 on the watch lists for Bednarik, Lombardi, Nagurski and Walter Camp Awards. Has averaged a sack every 42 snaps over his last two seasons. Beasley is the all-time sack leader in Clemson history with 29 and graduated with a degree in Sociology in August 2014. Beasley?s father played collegiately at Auburn.	Explosive athlete who's always first off the snap. True edge bender who can torque hips and shoulders to turn corner. Has ankle flexion to dip and slalom around corner at difficult angles to block. Former running back with quick feet and fluid hips. Able to change directions and burst to target. Possesses potentially lethal spin move, but doesn't use it enough. Primarily a hand-in-dirt rusher but has played standing, too. Able to drop into space. Solid instincts and outstanding closing burst. Quick hands to swat initial punch. Hands will get even better and could become a major weapon with more coaching. Can embarrass tackles who lunge and miss.
								High cut with narrow waist and thin legs. Needs to add more bulk. Unlikely to convert speed to power against NFL tackles. Wins with athleticism on majority of his sacks. Rarely transitions from speed rush to spin as an instinctual pass-rush counter. Lacks ideal arm length. Too often content to stay blocked if pass rush stalls out. Needs to shed blocks more consistently against run. Good football character, but scouts are concerned about a lack of alpha-dog tenacity.
							
2015	Zack Hodges	2552302	OLB	Harvard	NA	Gets upfield with good burst after snap. Good speed to the ball when in back-side pursuit. Has sudden change of direction. Can plant his foot and turn the corner at a tight angle when rushing. Loose, athletic hips. Pushes tackle to high point of arc and can work back underneath effectively. Spin move can become a featured pass-rush weapon. Plays with natural leverage and bend.
								Spotty level of competition. Had sacks where he was barely contested around the corner. Ball awareness is inconsistent and he doesn't always trust his eyes. Lacks NFL bulk. Needs to add functional strength. Gets redirected and knocked off-balance too easily. Raw as a pass rusher with below-average hands. On the ground too often. Evaluators question play demeanor and toughness. Takes undisciplined angles to the quarterback.
							
2015	A.J. Johnson	2552303	ILB	Tennessee	NA	One of just four players in Tennessee history to accumulate 400 career tackles. Reads keys and responds. Doesn't usually overreact to play-fakes. Gives consistent effort and gets the defense lined up. Consistent tackler with a closing burst to the ball. Takes good angles to the ball and doesn't run under blocks. Recognizes screen passes and flows to the action. Sifts through trash at his feet and avoids it. Can be used as a blitzer and is a core special-teams player.
								Linear body and plays upright in space. Long strider -- takes time to hit his top gear. Average lateral movement and has sluggish foot movement in confined spaces. Technique falters while scraping down the line to play the run. Will get shoulders turned and lose leverage against second-level blocks. Doesn't feature a quick trigger mechanism in his hips. Hand usage needs improvement. Offensive linemen get into his body too easily. Was suspended by Tennessee near the end of the season after he was alleged to have been involved in the rape of a 19-year-old student and was indicted by a grand jury on two counts of aggravated rape in February.
							
2015	Aaron Davis	2552304	OLB	Colorado St.	NA	Super-instinctive inside linebacker. Sees it and triggers to ball. Leader in the locker room and on the field. Sets the fronts for his defense and understands the game. Highly productive three-year starter. Aggressive and tackles through targets. Defends his area effectively in zone coverage.
								Tight athlete best suited playing inside the box. Lacks girth and functional size for the position. Can be engulfed on the second level. Lacks athleticism to play outside and tackling success diminishes on the perimeter.
							
2015	Amarlo Herrera	2552305	ILB	Georgia	NA	Smart with good instincts. Highly productive inside 'backer in physical SEC. Lines up defense and makes pre-snap adjustments. Active hands and understands he must use them for separation against the maulers. Fiery competitor with extended motor and finishes most tackle attempts. Active blitzer with three sacks and six quarterback knockdowns during 2014 season. Adequate play speed to the perimeter against outside runs and slip screens. Diagnoses pass quickly and drops into space fluidly. Has some man-coverage ability against tight ends and running backs.
								Short with short arms. Plays a little stiff and upright. Will miss tackle opportunities due to change-of-direction issues. Lateral linebacker lacking downhill traits. Plays laterally and waits on backs rather than attacking them on other side of the line. Drag-down tackler. Big backs take him for a ride. Was 28th-best LB in his conference on impact tackles, with just 11 percent of his solo tackles coming on gains of 2 yards or fewer.
							
2015	Ben Heeney	2552306	ILB	Kansas	NA	Regional scouts say he is absolutely beloved by coaching staff. Produced eye-catching "tackles for loss" numbers in 2014. Tape grinder always looking for an advantage. Has no interest in waiting for play to come to him and looks to make things happen. Always around the ball and rarely comes off the field.
								Does not look the part of an NFL linebacker. Lacks the size and NFL "take-on" qualities against offensive linemen. Subpar pass defender in space and had only one pass defensed all season. Play strength and functional speed are missing. Was the college football leader in missed tackles in 2014.
							
2015	Bryce Hager	2552307	ILB	Baylor	NA	Once he diagnoses, can explode to the ball. Great pursuit on the perimeter against run. Moves with ease laterally and chases with good angles. Former running back with a muscular build and expected to have good speed scores at his workout. Shows good range in coverage and can play man or zone effectively against the pass.
								Not a downhill linebacker. Won't beat offensive linemen to the spot against run. Delays in diagnosing interior runs. Play speed is inconsistent. Doesn't bring strong thump behind his pads as a hitter when asked to be face-up tackler. Needs to be clean and free-running to the ball to be effective.
							
2015	Cole Farrand	2552308	ILB	Maryland	NA	Plays with consistent toughness at the point of attack. Will fight through impediments to get to the ball. Gap responsible. Steady tackler when he gets his shot.
								Lacks NFL athleticism. Struggles to protect against cut blocks and stay on his feet. Marginal instincts and looks lost at times against spread attacks. Cannot stay with running backs out of the backfield and is below average in pass coverage in general. Too slow to track outside runs and plays with poor angles.
							
2015	Curtis Grant	2552309	ILB	Ohio St.	NA	Shredded physique. Enjoys playing a physical brand of football and is willing to engage offensive linemen at the point of attack. Gets into blockers with his hands and works to shed. Has plus play strength. Tackles with authority.
								Straight-line linebacker. If he starts downhill, he stays downhill. When run plays become fluid and changing, Grant doesn't feature the lateral change of direction to flow with them. Doesn't make enough plays. Has played less than 50 percent of the Buckeyes' snaps over the last two seasons.
							
2015	Denzel Perryman	2552310	ILB	Miami	NA	Burly, stout, old-school linebacker build. Wants to hit and brings his pads with him when he delivers a blow. Delivers a jarring punch into oncoming offensive linemen on second level. Defends his area of turf and sees past blockers, keeping his eye trained on the play. Is able to disengage and shed blockers. Plays low and with leverage. Once he diagnoses, can trigger into gaps and disrupt. Expected to be productive special-teams player at the next level.
								Not a twitchy athlete. Takes time to gear up after changing directions and can struggle to tackle jitterbug runners in space. Heavy-legged mover in space and struggles to make plays outside of his assigned area. Lacks coverage traits and is a liability in man coverage. Short levers won't allow him to leverage blockers as a pass rusher. Slow to get off his spot and burst laterally, which causes him to miss some tackle opportunities.
							
2015	Deterrian Shackleford	2552311	ILB	Mississippi	NA	Plays downhill. Assignment-oriented linebacker. Tremendous leader and high-character person. Motor never turns off and scouts say he worked hard to come back from knee injuries early in his career. Had some success blitzing in Ole Miss' attacking defense.
								Lacks body control. Loses leverage in the running game. Runs himself out of plays too frequently. Does not use his hands effectively to disengage when blocked. Very marginal instincts and displays poor balance at contact -- ends up on the ground too frequently. Lacks the necessary athleticism to play the position in NFL after suffering two knee injuries. Struggles when asked to cover in space.
							
2015	Eric Kendricks	2552312	ILB	UCLA	NA	Confident with a downhill, attacking mindset. Good feet to slide, follow and burst to developing run plays. Can turn and chase sideline to sideline. Diagnoses quickly and attacks run fits while avoiding blockers. Is always around the play. One of the most productive tacklers in college football over the last three years. Outstanding at sinking hips and changing direction. Exhibits good play speed and is able to cover man-to-man in space. Good zone awareness and makes plays on the ball.
								Despite the high tackle numbers, doesn't meet ball carrier behind the line of scrimmage as much as he could. Could use more weight on his frame. Will drop his head at times when meeting ball carrier in the hole. Wasn't much of a factor as a blitzer.
							
2015	Hayes Pullard	2552313	ILB	USC	NA	Patient. Won't hit the gas unless it's necessary. Leverages outside runs and doesn't give away cutback lanes very often. Athletic mover in space and has functional closing speed. Functional change-of-direction player. Transitions with smooth hips and acceleration to chase perimeter passes. Can mirror in man coverage and has solid ball skills. He's willing to throw his body into a tackle. Scouts like his leadership.
								Not a tough guy on tape. Will back up and give ground to stay clean against second-level blocks rather than slip them. Doesn't possess violent hands and has trouble shedding blocks. Must improve his play strength. Lacks a downhill, attacking quality. Has athleticism and instincts to play middle but might lack "mean." Has tackle numbers, but hasn't had a sack in two years and has caused or recovered very few turnovers during that time.
							
2015	Jake Ryan	2552314	OLB	Michigan	NA	Transitioned from outside to inside in 2014. Highly productive downhill tackler. Has burst to the ball. Gap-responsible and tackles through his targets. Possesses straight-line speed to chase from sideline to sideline. Second-effort worker. Good in zone coverage. Team captain. Known as a prolific film-eater who spent hours studying and learning offensive tendencies with defensive coordinator. Can play multiple linebacker spots and can fit in just about every scheme.
								Can become a block magnet and stays wired for too long before disengaging. Despite the film work, still needs to improve on diagnosing and reacting quicker from inside. Very average lateral movement and footwork. Plays through a straw and is a little tight when asked to change directions. Overly aggressive. Breaks down in space a shade late and will miss tackles because of it. Suffered a torn ACL, causing him to miss action in 2013.
							
2015	Jordan Hicks	2552315	OLB	Texas	NA	Looks good on the hoof. Has desired height, weight and speed. Smart and loves the game of football. Scouts say the staff at Texas raves about the way Hicks lifts, prepares for games and takes care of his body. Has football character in spades. Not a thumper but a tackle finisher -- won't miss often. Can glide and chase as plays bounce outside. Has burst to leverage outside runs and cut off angles against mobile quarterbacks. Showed more discipline and improvement after a year under head coach Charlie Strong.
								Despite intelligence and preparation, still considered only average with instincts and anticipation. Considered by evaluators as robotic and assignment-rigid. "Line dancer" who rarely free-styles and takes chances. Doesn't see it quickly, so lacks downhill game to make plays on other side of the line. Gets late start on routes crossing face in zone coverage. Must improve at taking on blocks and keeping linemen off of him. Had season-ending injuries in both 2012 and 2013, missing a total of 19 games.
							
2015	Martrell Spaight	2552316	OLB	Arkansas	NA	Was a two-time JUCO All-American. Plays downhill and will attack his gap. Physical at line of scrimmage and had several tackles for losses. Sees past blockers and displays good ball awareness. Uses his hands to disengage from blockers and is a leverage linebacker. Aggressive in man coverage toward the boundaries.
								Will get engulfed by big offensive linemen at times. Does not possess good speed from sideline to sideline. His playmaking radius is very average. NFL scouts worry about his tight hips and ability to cover in open space.
							
2015	Mike Hull	2552317	OLB	Penn St.	NA	Gives strong effort chasing to sideline. Breaks down in space and is reliable form tackler. Patient against run. Adequate with hands to discard. Doesn't charge downhill without a play and won't often run himself out of his run fit. Reads play-action well. Will turn and run, finding consistent depth in Tampa 2. Shows route awareness in zone coverage. Shows consistent effort and competitiveness. Likely to fight back and win a rep after getting dominated the rep before.
								Small for an inside linebacker. Lacks bulk and has extremely short arms. Gets engulfed and smothered by wide-bodies. Must improve on reacting to second-level blocks before they get into him. Marginal play strength -- sits and waits for running back to get to him and absorbs blows, allowing runner to land first punch. Nothing special athletically. Limited range to make plays. Liability in man coverage against running backs.
							
2015	Paul Dawson	2552318	ILB	TCU	NA	Flexible, agile athlete with good lower-body build. Outstanding instincts. Sees what is happening on the field and senses what is about to happen. Always plays downhill, attacking line of scrimmage. Second-level ghost who is a nightmare for offensive linemen to engage. Instantly unlocks hips and bursts to chase outside. Smooth lateral movement with ability to change direction and mirror running back into the hole. Gets skinny and slips blocks. When blocked, doesn't stay wired to blocks. Chases sideline to sideline. Excels in pass coverage, allowing just 35.7 percent of passes against him to be completed. Tough play demeanor. Plays hard and practices hard.
								Not a wrap-up tackler and needs work in finishing blocks. Freelances and sometimes lacks discipline to maintain assignments. Instincts of a middle linebacker but likely too small for the position. Has to win with speed over power as a blitzer. Scouts are very worried about his personal character and say he's not beloved within the program. Questions have been raised about his commitment to the process. Not a film studier.
							
2015	Quayshawn Nealy	2552319	ILB	Georgia Tech	NA	Instinctive and productive. Sniffs out misdirection and trick plays to recover into position to make a play. Gets a jump on outside runs and beats linemen over the top. Takes good angles to the ball carrier. When he gets downhill, can leverage his gap against run. Football smart with reputation in scouting circles as film junkie. Rarely fooled by playaction. Gets good depth and picks up coverage in zone. Good weight-room work ethic. Had four interceptions and five fumbles recovered over last two seasons.
								Below-average athleticism and size by NFL standards for the position. Plays square and struggles to slip blocks. Plays a little upright and stiff. Instincts don't always translate into production. Not athletic enough to get to what he diagnoses. Top talent beats him at point of attack. Slow to disengage when linemen get to him on second level. Must improve hand usage. Short arms caused problems with wrapping up, allowing too many missed tackles.
							
2015	Ramik Wilson	2552320	ILB	Georgia	NA	Three-year starter. Productive and shows downhill traits to make impact tackles. Linear build with limbs to push his way around second-level linemen. Mirrors play and slides laterally with ease. Finished 2014 with the SEC's highest tackle-quality grade amongst starting linebackers. Has the potential to play SAM or WILL linebacker spots in a 4-3. Can get sideline to sideline and isn't easily taken off his feet.
								There are questions about how effective he can be in coverage. Doesn't play with consistent physicality. Scouts worried about ability to "mirror and match" tight ends in coverage. Zone awareness needs work. Instincts are below average. Questionable strength to play inside on the next level. Allows himself to get mauled when linemen square him up. Tends to coast his way through some plays. Grab-and-drag tackler.
							
2015	Stephone Anthony	2552321	ILB	Clemson	NA	Has desired build for position. Good play speed and is generally under control. Steady, consistent tackler when he's squared up. Has speed to chase to the sidelines and finish the play. Able to cover tight ends in passing game. Breaks to ball quickly against pass. Flashes ball skills and will play through pass-catchers. Features traits to be a more effective blitzer if called upon. Will compete through whistle and is physical against skill-position players. Lost job as junior and regained starting position with hard work and good attitude. Can cover ground laterally.
								Below average take-on skills. Plays with poor leverage when taking on blocks. Needs to improve hand usage and utilize better arm extension to keep blockers off him. Has tendency to side-step blocks and open run lanes. Can be mismatched by running backs down the field in passing game. Sluggish dropping into zone coverage and will drift too deep. Slow to process and recover against play-action. There are times he gets downhill without diagnosing first, creating bad angles to the ball against outside runs.
							
2015	Taiwan Jones	2552322	ILB	Michigan St.	NA	Outstanding size and durability. Card-carrying tough guy with take-on traits. Looks to own the middle of the field. Happy to strike a heavy blow on offensive linemen drifting to second level. Play strength to redirect off a block and leverage gap. Heat-seeking missile as A-gap blitzer, jolting centers and/or running backs while inverting pocket. Wrap-up finisher with unexpected closing speed for his size. Well-respected leader. Moved from outside to inside linebacker and made front adjustments during 2014 season.
								Stiff, with limited change of direction in small spaces. Not very instinctive. Plays through a straw rather than with feel. Slow to see and trigger, struggling to beat offensive linemen over the top. Still learning pursuit angles from inside. Liability in man coverage and slow to drop with depth in zone. Below-average ball skills and came off field on passing downs.
							
2015	Trey DePriest	2552323	ILB	Alabama	NA	Looks for contact and is a willing participant. Will step into the hole and deliver a blow against iso-blocks. Fires himself into oncoming guards and rarely gets engulfed. Can drop into space as a zone defender. Heavy tackler in the box. Quick, choppy feet to scrape and attack along the line of scrimmage.
								Lacks natural flexibility and plays upright. Lukewarm pursuit of the ball outside his assigned area. Struggles to get back into the play when he finds himself out of position. Has issues breaking down in space to tackle. Below-average change of direction. Missed tackles went way up this year when asked to play more snaps. Huge liability in man coverage. Struggles to maintain leverage against outside runs.
							
2015	Zach Vigil	2552324	ILB	Utah St.	NA	One of the most productive linebackers in college football. Never quits on a play. Active pass rusher who worked well in team blitz scheme. Team leader. Reads pass keys quickly and gets into coverage with depth. Shows awareness in zone and matches up with crossers in his area. Has adequate man-cover skills. Decent hips to open and run. Wrap-up tackler who brings some bang on perimeter tackles. Worker bee who plays with confidence and hustle.
								Gets overwhelmed by offensive linemen. Not a take-on linebacker and below average at slipping blocks. Not as instinctive as production would indicate. Not a natural downhill player. Can get lost in crowd and washed down against run. Benefited from aggressive, attacking scheme. Marginal speed. Doesn't look to punish backs in blitz pickup.
							
2015	Danny Shelton	2552325	NT	Washington	NA	Bends well for a big man and has ability to play with leverage. Space-eater who is able to maintain good positioning against double teams. Consistently gets his hands inside offensive linemen first. Controls, sees it and sheds to make tackles. Surprising ability to swat cut blocks and chase stretch plays laterally. Played a high percentage of Washington's defensive snaps. Has the strength and athleticism to dominate in the running game.
								Despite girth and leverage potential, can be a little inconsistent at getting push off snap. Dominates lesser centers but doesn't seem to look nearly as dominant against more talented centers. Will quit on a play when he's blocked. Produced eye-catching sack numbers for his position in 2014, but much of it was against lesser competition. Must work to keep weight in check.
							
2015	Darius Kilgo	2552326	NT	Maryland	NA	Flashes strength in upper body when he gets arm extension. Rarely gets moved off of his spot in one-on-
one matchups. Recovered three fumbles in 2014 and blocked a kick. When his pad level is right, he can leverage blocker and win the gap. Three-year starter.
								Is a complete non-factor as a pass rusher. Must improve hand work at the point of attack. If he doesn't win quickly, he rarely works his way into a winning position against his blocker. Lacks quickness out of his stance. Below-average strength from lower half and plays with poor balance. Gets corkscrewed and flattened by double teams. Very limited play radius. Too often fails to find ball carrier in time.
							
2015	Grady Jarrett	2552327	NT	Clemson	NA	Squatty ball of power. Has a compact, powerful frame and gets consistent push. Plays to the whistle and will chase plays to the sideline. Outstanding at timing snaps and getting into lineman first. His natural power and leverage is a nightmare for centers and taller guards. Protects himself against cut blocks and shows plus ball awareness. Able to elude guards in tight spaces and get into the backfield.
								Undersized, despite his well-built frame. Relies on initial burst off snap to generate pass rush. Plays hard but will wear down in the fourth quarter. Might not be able to carry too much more good weight on his frame.
							
2015	James Castleman	2552328	NT	Oklahoma St.	NA	Gets off the ball and into linemen quickly. Has upper-body strength to get immediate arm extension like a basic bench-press rep. Scans the backfield and finds the ball. Nimble feet and good agility for a big man. Will pursue down the line and has better range than most at his position. Spins out of blocks to regather and get back into the play. Gets upfield and makes it difficult for back-side guards to get across face on him. Uses rip move to get under opponent, play with leverage and close down his gap.
								High cut with a tapered lower body. Has power in his hands, but they aren't particularly dynamic or violent. Reads where ball carrier is but isn't as effective as he needs to be at shedding. Despite quickness off snap, it doesn't seem to translate into a consistent pass rush. Inconsistent tackler. Isn't a true anchor nose and doesn't have the bulk to hold up against consistent double teams.
							
2015	Tyeler Davison	2552329	DT	Fresno St.	NA	Built like a contestant in a strong-man competition. Has thickly muscled, long arms with big hands. Loves hand-to-hand combat inside. Uses club, rip, hump and push/pull techniques to beat defender. Has power to forcibly extract himself from block. Feels double team and braces outside leg and gets duck-footed to battle. Uses length to overcome lack of height. Relies on upper-body flexibility paired with explosion in his hips. Has quickness and "quick-win" capability to get after the quarterback and play on the other side of the line. Very tough at the point of attack and tries to impose his will on centers. Played 80 percent of the defensive snaps. Likeable with high character. High school wrestling background.
								Can only play in a four-man front. Has power and athleticism but wasn't at his best against the best competition he faced early in the season. Struggles to change directions quickly enough in confined spaces and misses tackles because of it. Might need to add more weight to be able to hold up as a nose in the NFL. Some scouts believe he didn't give his best effort when asked to move to defensive end early in the season. Gets caught up in fighting man in front of him and will lose sight of the ball sometimes.
							
2015	A.J. Cann	2552330	OG	South Carolina	NA	Comes off the ball with low pad level and plays with good knee bend. Has a thick frame and maintains a wide base. Rarely bull-rushed. Pins defender effectively when down-blocking. Displays natural upper-body strength and powerful hands. Snatches and stays engaged. Consistent inside-hand placement upon strike. Generates push as a drive blocker. Good recognition against twists and keeps head on a swivel in pass pro. Fluid mover in screen game and can make blocks on the move laterally. Disciplined leader who is rarely penalized.
								Must improve at gathering himself and engaging target on second level. Catch-and-push pass protector who needs to flash a more authoritative punch rather than lean. Gets weight too far out in front, causing him to lose balance in pass pro. Outside hand can get a little wide. Comes out of stance a tick slow at times and can struggle when asked to change direction against spin moves.
							
2015	Adam Shead	2552331	OG	Oklahoma	NA	Grinder. Duck-footed power guard. Significant girth on frame, but carries weight well. Comes off snap low and with lean, pushing with every pound he has. Generates movement and opens holes. Willing to play hurt. Sees twists. Snaps one block off and picks up the next one coming. Uses his length. Adequate job of mirroring move rushers. On short pulls, brings attitude and looks for work.
								Relies on body mass and forward lean too often as run blocker. When defenders shift, he topples forward to the ground. On the ground way too much. Climbing to second level bears little fruit due to stiffness. Too focused on threat of A-gap blitz and can be fooled. Concerns in scouting community that injury history has robbed him of functional mobility.
							
2015	Ali Marpet	2552332	C	Hobart & William Smith	NA	Good foot quickness with ability to reach and hook opponents. Quick out of stance and into defender. Usually the low man using hips and arm extension to lock out and control his man. Has leg drive to drive his man backward and finish. Consistent with hand placement in run and pass. Plays with advanced technique for a Division III player.
								Played against inferior athletic competition and wasn't challenged enough. Gets caught leaning and lunging. Lets inferior athletes get to his edge. Average with redirect. Has short legs. Needs to add more thickness through entire body.
							
2015	Arie Kouandjio	2552333	OG	Alabama	NA	On-target with hand strikes and works to steer his man out of the play in run game. Good in short-pull game and will fire himself into linebackers with force. Understands how to work in tandem and finds a way to get guys blocked. Has long arms and uses his length for redirect.
								Stiff throughout his lower body and mechanical. Poor change of direction when asked to leave his phone booth and venture beyond line of scrimmage. Is only marginal peeling off block to pick up blitzes and twists. Uses lean over leverage as run blocker. Balance issues make it hard for him to sustain blocks after contact on the move. Poor athleticism in general.
							
2015	Ben Beckwith	2552334	OG	Mississippi St.	NA	Squarely built with thick lower body. Plays with desired bend out of stance. Fires into opponents with wide base and good pad level. Keeps feet moving and rolls hips under him. Can match power for power when asked to base block. Usually wins initial leverage at point of attack. Solid short-area footwork. Can sift through the bodies on short pulls and find his target. Operates with desired pad level, set-up in pass protection and technique. Hands in ready position to punch and gets to defender first with inside hands. Played center against Texas A&M. Former walk-on with chip on his shoulder.
								Limited athletically and short. Isn't built to block on the move with consistency. Gets beat over the top by linebackers on stretch plays. Struggles to get back-side cut-off blocks and is slow to get around the corner when asked to pull. Could have issues sustaining against active, athletic defensive tackles. Ineffective cut blocker. Inconsistent pass protection when he was forced to play center. Could have trouble playing in anything but power.
							
2015	Bobby Hart	2552335	OG	Florida St.	NA	Bubble butt with power in his lower half. Improved from being a neutralizer to run-block winner in 2014. Can reestablish line of scrimmage when asked to maul. Wins in short yardage and near goal line. Gets hand on defender first and can latch on in pass protection. Turned 20 years old in August and body is still developing.
								Stiff knees and hips limit his bend and leverage. Comes out of his stance too high. Shuffles feet rather than chops in pass pro, causing his base to narrow. Struggles to make his back-side cutoff blocks. Frenetic hands with too much wasted motion. Limited, small-area, guard-only prospect. Lethargic feet after contact.
							
2015	Caleb Farris	2552336	OG	Virginia Tech	NA	Can swing and play center as well as guard. Has natural core strength. Generates some push in run game.
								Thin calves and ankles. Fails to secure help blocks and allows rushers to leak through. Has a tendency to get his shoulders turned and knocked off balance. Poor hand placement in pass protection.
							
2015	Darrian Miller	2552337	OG	Kentucky	NA	Above average pass protection. Plays with good pass-set width and depth. Can withstand bull-rush. Understands hand placement value and works to keep them inside. Plays under control. Looks for work and plays with consistent passion and desire. Intelligent player. Sees twists and stunts and responds effectively. Three-year starter who faced outstanding competition from the right ends he went up against.
								Below-average athlete as a tackle. Sluggish out of stance and marginal leverage at point of attack. Below average drive blocker. Gets little movement in one-on-one confrontations. Average feet when asked to zone block. Short arms. Doesn't have length or foot quickness to hold up against edge rushers as a tackle. Questionable athletic ability to handle pass-rush counters. Stiff knees and needs more lower-body bulk. Frame of a zone-scheme player but lacks the foot quickness.
							
2015	Ian Silberman	2552338	OG	Boston College	NA	Plays much stronger than his weight would lead you to believe. Keeps a wide base and stays balanced throughout contact. Well-built and well-proportioned frame. Naturally powerful and has the strength to withstand bull rushers. Played tackle at Boston College. Has flashed power in his hands and doesn't get caught over-setting in pass protection.
								His feet seem to move at half speed. Doesn't sustain blocks. Has problems changing direction and struggles badly when trying to hit moving targets on the second level. Must do better job of working feet to improve positioning as run blocker. Carries hands too low when setting up in pass pro. Played for run-heavy, play-action based team, so he has limited experience in pass protection. Full-time starter for only one year.
							
2015	Jamil Douglas	2552339	OG	Arizona State	NA	Athletic build with desired flexibility throughout lower body. Has recovery quickness to catch delayed blitzers and twists. Flashes promising quick-set that he will use to take early lead in protection. Can pull, turn corner and find targets. Effective blocker in screen game with ability to adjust to moving targets in space. Can punch and reset hands quickly to counter a spin move. Has bend and hips to win leverage battle early in the snap.
								Finesse, left guard-only prospect. Waits on action to come to him. Isn't a consistent enough block finisher. Must convert weight-room strength to play strength. Gives ground against bull-rushers. Struggles to consistently redirect when defender gets to his edge. Will get cross-faced. Shows very little fire in his play and looks like he's going through the motions. Gets caught catching rather than punching. Fails to generate push at the point of attack. Feet will stall and he doesn't sustain blocks for very long.
							
2015	Jamon Brown	2552340	OT	Louisville	NA	Thick, wide frame. "Run-around" defenders have a long way to go to get around him. Adequate power in lower half to get initial push. Quicker than expected out of stance and with initial steps. Can beat defender to the spot as position blocker. Play speed will be a plus inside. Straight-line mover in space with potential to be effective blocker on inside zone plays from guard spot. Has experience at both tackle spots and at guard. Uses club move to initiate movement.
								Doesn't consistently unlock power. Has length but doesn't use it. Slow to process stunts. Struggles when defender gets to his edge. Overextends and loses assignment in pass sets. Lowers head like battering ram at punch point. Below-average recovery and redirect talent when beaten. Scouts believe conditioning is a legitimate concern for him late in games. Puts skates on when headed to second level. Lacks balance to adjust and hit moving targets and sustain blocks.
							
2015	Jarvis Harrison	2552341	OG	Texas A&M	NA	Burly lower body made for the guard position. High school basketball player who displays rare foot quickness for a man his size. Glides to second level using proper angles. Utilizes power step to shut down inside moves. Has feet and balance to mirror in pass pro pre- and post-contact. Maintains good posture at punch point. Comfortable finding and hitting targets in space. Technically sound in run game and pass pro. Has filled in at tackle and might have swing potential in a pinch.
								Allows more bull-rush push than most guards his size. Will finesse it too often. Hasn't unleashed consistent power that his bend and size should provide him. Shows signs of being a content blocker who won't always finish. Had offseason shoulder surgery. Head coach benched him for first two games due to conditioning concerns. Scouting community has questions about his desire to work hard and manage weight.
							
2015	John Miller	2552342	OG	Louisville	NA	Has power in his bulky upper body to bury his down-blocks. Features power in his hands to redirect. Has enough straight-line movement to pull on short side with reasonable effectiveness. Has a decent punch. Gets arm extension and can mirror in pass pro. Has initial fight and willingness to fight to reestablish his hands. Is able to alternate guard spots in-game.
								Tight throughout his lower body and plays with poor leverage. Gives ground to power. Slow feet. Tries to reach and lunge rather than sliding feet into position. Waist-bender who will panic when beaten. Doesn't bring his feet with him in running game. Shoes stay glued to the grass. Gets lost on the second level. His secondary motor is shaky. Leaky pass protection for an interior lineman. Doesn't play with powerful grip.
							
2015	Jon Feliciano	2552343	OG	Miami	NA	Very thick through calves and thighs. Used in short-pull game and finds and hits target. Three-year starter who has kicked out to tackle when Miami needed help there. Maintains gap awareness against pass rush and has allowed just four sacks over the last three years.
								Pear-shaped with short arms. Will lunge after second level targets rather than stalk them. Doesn't play with strong hands and hand placement can be a mess at times. Hands will slide off strike point rather than latch on. Ducks head and loses sight of target on cut blocks. Confined to phone-booth movement.
							
2015	Josue Matias	2552344	OG	Florida St.	NA	Long-limbed and consistently gets his hands on the defender first. Proficient cut-blocker. Plays with wide base and flashes good initial foot-quickness and set-up after snap. Excellent tempo to second level and locates and engages with consistent success. Understands angles and works feet into position before engaging in lateral run blocking. Keeps feet moving upon contact and shows finisher potential. Relaxed arms with well-timed punch. Recognizes twists and picks them up. Keeps weight centered.
								Lacks natural point-of-attack power. Relies on length over hip explosion and leverage in run game. Susceptible to inside moves in pass pro. Too much waist-bending opens him up to arm-over moves. Needs more snap in initial punch. Despite athletic build, looks heavy-footed when asked to move in space. Sluggish to recover in pass pro when beaten.
							
2015	Laken Tomlinson	2552345	OG	Duke	NA	Intelligent four-year starter who sees and responds quickly to twist games up front. Plays with low pad level. Generates torque through hip snap and lower-body power. Has enough sand in his pants to drop anchor against bull rushers. Generates push as an in-line blocker. Hasn't allowed a sack over the last two years.
								Lack of range and athleticism is a major concern. Struggles with contact balance and allows defenders to disengage too frequently. Rock-'em, sock-?em movement up to the second level and is inconsistent hitting targets. Inconsistent footwork as a run blocker. Will give up initial bull rush as defenders get into his chest quickly. Fails to generate pop when asked to block on the move.
							
2015	Leon Brown	2552346	OG	Alabama	NA	Very little wasted motion as he gets to his run-blocking assignment. Keeps feet moving through contact. Has ability to get initial push in run game when he gets defender squared up. Uses his mass to engulf B-gap blitzers. Works hard to get across the face of his assignments when he's coming from back side.
								Doesn't cave in his double-team blocks with power. Slow stepper. One-gappers can find space to penetrate against him. Struggles to snatch and remain engaged when dealing with athletic defensive tackles. Balance is an issue for him. Sometimes slow to process twists. Gets grabby on second level. Slow to second level.
							
2015	Robert Myers	2552347	OG	Tennessee St.	NA	Has good thickness and strength through lower body. Flashes desired functional strength with ability to anchor against bull rushers. Footwork is a plus and stays balanced in pass protection. Sound technician and recognizes D-line games. Initial punch has some juice behind it. Good body control and knee bend. Gets movement at point of attack when asked to drive block. Well-timed climb to second level. Will look for work downfield and hustles to trail play. Tough player with above-average strength for his size and a frame to add more weight.
								Average lateral athlete. Needs better understanding of angles and positioning as zone blocker. Not overly quick and tends to lose contact on outside runs. Loses strength when hands slide out too wide. Below average change of direction to strike moving targets on second level. Lacks muscle in his arms and has a soft midsection. Must prove he can handle faster, stronger competition.
							
2015	Terry Poole	2552348	OG	San Diego St.	NA	Good hand placement in run game. Is able to effort his way to run-block security. Has limitations, but plays within those limitations and shows good body control. Adequate pass pro posture with head back and hands ready. Has hip flexibility to make last-second recovery. Gives good, honest effort every snap.
								Heavy feet into kick-slide. Doesn't gain enough ground to keep edge speed at bay. Opens prematurely, allowing open door to inside moves. Slow step inside to stunts. Doesn't have combination of feet and functional strength to improve position in run game once engaged or anchor up when rusher gets to a shoulder. Hands so wide he gives hugs at times in pass pro. Must move inside.
							
2015	Tre' Jackson	2552349	OG	Florida St.	NA	Leverage and strength to stand and steer defenders in confined spaces. Stays flat-footed and balanced at point of impact in pass pro. Deliberate, controlled climb to second level. Power to jolt in his hands. Shows recovery ability when beaten in run game. In short pull, can find target, engage and seal. Aggressive play demeanor. Can take a stand when being bull-rushed.
								Fleshy midsection with excess weight potentially affecting foot quickness. Loses feet sliding to pick up rushers. Will duck head into block on contact. Limited effectiveness in space. Inconsistent performer this season. Too reliant upon size over skill and failed to show improvement this season. Struggles to get feet into winning position when blocking laterally.
							
2015	Trenton Brown	2552350	OG	Florida	NA	Has very long arms and meat hooks for hands. Can jar defender with the power in his hands and has very good upper-body strength. Uses his length and power to redirect when beaten. Despite his height and lack of bend, still finds a way to get under opponents' pads and root them off their spot. Potent drive-blocker who finishes. Generally stays engaged with his target. Uses his frame effectively and can play with toughness. Good feet for a man his size and conditioning has improved since he stepped foot on campus two years ago. Finds targets and mashes in short-pull game.
								Has stiff knees and butt rides high pre-snap in stance. Will take poor angles when teams try him in the gaps. If beaten, doesn't have the athleticism to recover. Power-only player and limits what an offense can do. Scouts call him an "inconsistent worker." Needs players to be squared up and will struggle when they get to his edge. Played just 43 percent of the snaps during 2014 season due to injury and conditioning issues.
							
2015	Junior Salt	2552351	OG	Utah	NA	Squarely built with a broad chest and thick trunk to match. Can pull with good short-area quickness. Plays with a broad base. Has body composure and control in pass pro. Has feet to mirror and keep rusher in front of him. Shows thump in his well-timed punch and hits rushers with a barrage of hand movement, rarely giving them an easy target to swat. Strong upper body. Can recover and fight back against bull-rushers. Elected team captain by teammates and lauded for his leadership by his position coach.
								Sat out a year, redshirted a year and went on a two-year mission -- turned 27 years old on Jan. 1. Seems out of place when asked to zone block. Doesn't have his hands ready to engage when he climbs to the second level and frequently misses those targets regardless. Gets lost in space and seems to loiter when there is no immediate work for him.
							
2015	Andrew Donnal	2552352	OT	Iowa	NA	Not the prettiest tackle you will see, but is technically sound and works hard snap in and snap out. Succeeds with proper hand placement. Looks for work down the field or when play is in his area. Uses power step to meet inside pass rush moves. Shows ability to drop anchor even if it is a little deep in the pocket.
								Doesn't have much power in his legs and won't generate very much push in run game. Gets driven off the line of scrimmage at times. Shuffles and gets base too narrow when sliding to a high pass rush attack point. Lacks physical composure when bull rushed. Upper body and hands don't carry much power. Leaner when finding targets on second level.
							
2015	Brandon Scherff	2552353	OG	Iowa	NA	Weight-room star who can lift a house. Powerful run blocker with exceptional power in hips and legs. Moves well laterally and rarely allows defensive ends to set edge against him. Consistently gets push. Rolls hips under him at contact and will bring feet with him. Recognizes twists and delayed blitzes. Gets into set position with flat back when delivering punch. Respectable change of direction in pass pro and on second level. Shows second effort and recovery ability in pass pro. Able to hit moving targets in space. Swings hips into position in cut-off blocks. Improved cut-off blocking from junior to senior year. Exhibits composed, efficient movement.
								Will default to sumo-style power push rather than leg churning at times. Not a grab-and-control pass protector. Opens the gate earlier than you would like against edge rushers offering two-way goes. Tightly wound lower body with average bend. Sometimes gives one-shot effort on second-level blocks, allowing his man back into the play. Has dominant finishing traits, but not a consistent finisher of blocks. Would love to see more fiery play demeanor from him.
							
2015	Brett Boyko	2552354	OT	UNLV	NA	Good length. Keeps back flat in pass set and keeps head out of his initial punch. Intelligent player and well-liked within program, according to scouts. Four-year starter at left tackle. Can redirect and get some initial pop when he gets full extension.
								Upright and straight-legged out of stance. Plays with no leverage and has below-average play strength at point of attack. Hands look weak and sloppy in placement. Waist-bending run blocker with no hip snap or drive in run game. Lacks foot quickness to handle good edge rushers and slow to the perimeter when called on.
							
2015	Cedric Ogbuehi	2552355	OT	Texas A&M	NA	Gifted athlete with foot quickness and ability to move easily in space. Has feet to slide and meet speed rushers. Easy weight shift to recover against counter moves. Is a second-level winner. Gets on top of linebackers quickly and can adjust in space to moving targets. Played in warp-speed offense and is well-conditioned. Keeps feet moving through contact on zone plays and sustains blocks until he wins. On gap plays, works to secure inside shoulder and gets defenders turned. Has played both tackle spots and right guard. Has matched up against premier college defensive linemen.
								Functional power and anchor are legitimate concerns. Technique flaws make pass protection harder than it has to be. Football leverage isn't as good as expected. Doesn't play with enough bend at impact. His punch in pass pro can be woefully mistimed and he plays with wide hands and some wasted motion in setup. Base tends to narrow when pass rush gets to his high side. Not a powerful tackle and won't generate much push as in-line blocker. Was one of the SEC leaders in sacks allowed in 2014.
							
2015	Corey Robinson	2552356	OT	South Carolina	NA	Has a massive frame and very long arms. Uses length to redirect pass rushers beyond quarterback when beaten by speed. Moves better than expected for a man his size. Recognizes twists and collects them. Uses his size to his advantage when blocking for power running game. Cut back on penalties and quarterback pressures allowed as he continued to show improvement at the position. Will quick-set speed rushers to take away their burst advantage.
								Gallops in pass protection, causing his base to narrow. Doesn't always stay busy from snap to snap. Shows very little strength in his redirect on inside moves. Will take a false step forward with his left foot at times. Hands are rarely in a ready position to shoot punch in pass protection. Has average body coordination and plays on skates. Is forced to open up early against speed rushers and panics to recover.
							
2015	Daryl Williams	2552357	OT	Oklahoma	NA	Physical at the point of attack. Comes off snap with bad intentions and rolls hips under him to drive defender off the ball. Tough guy who leads by example on the field. Works to the whistle and enjoys the one-on-one run-game scraps. Competes as a pass blocker. Sees and reacts well to twists. Has power in his hands. Buries defenders on down blocks. Outstanding football character and overall work ethic.
								Below-average athleticism. Won't be much of a factor in getting back-side cut-off blocks against quick linebackers. Gets weight forward and will lose balance. Marginal lateral movement. Plodder. Shuffles and gallops to wide pass sets. Struggled against Baylor and rung up for three holding calls. Unable to smoothly change directions and redirect. Body control needs improvement.
							
2015	Eric Lefeld	2552358	OT	Cincinnati	NA	Gets feet into position and balanced before engaging in run game. Operates with ready hands and a well-timed punch in pass protection. Processes very quickly with speedy recognition of twists and blitzes and a willingness to help left guard if Lefeld's man vacates as a rusher. Will quick-set speedy rushers and get hands on them quickly. Gets feet chopping and controlled when mirroring. Is flexible. Takes decisive power step inside to shut down inside moves.
								Comes out of snap with good bend but moves upward as play progresses. Too upright at point of attack and loses his leverage as run blocker and pass protector. Bull-rushers will feast on his lack of core strength and short arms. Can't drive defender off the line of scrimmage with any consistency and must use positioning. No power in his punch and struggles to sustain blocks with hand strength. Allowed 7.5 sacks, including a sack in six games during 2014 season. He doesn't have the length or strength to consistently redirect when beaten around the edge.
							
2015	Fabbians Ebbele	2552359	OT	Arizona	NA	Tall and has overall length that most offensive linemen dream of. Can disrupt pass rushers with a well-
timed punch. Has enough quickness to get across the face of defender on back side of zone plays. Uses overall size to maul.
								Play upright and without enough knee bend. Ducks head and loses sight of target at times in run game. Position blocker who tries to rely on body to secure blocks rather than technique. Leaner/bender who falls off of his blocks. Labors when asked to pull.
							
2015	Jake Fisher	2552360	OT	Oregon	NA	Former tight end who moves easily and naturally. Good initial quickness to reach cross-face blocks. Finisher in zone game. Can sustain blocks with proper hip roll and balance through contact. Keeps base wide and uses choppy, controlled steps in pass sets. Mirrors well and has feet to shut down stunts inside. Well-timed and effortless transition from initial block to second-level assignment. Adjusts with good change of direction. Fights back with resolution after losing a rep to defender. Understands how to create leverage advantages with angles and footwork.
								One of the most penalized tackles in 2015 draft class over last two seasons, including six holding calls during 2014 season. Needs angles to get consistent push in run game. Lacks power. Allows outside hand to get wide in pass pro, opening himself up to bull rush. Catches pass rusher rather than punching. Not much pop in his hands. Inconsistent feet as a run blocker, slowing feet at contact against power. Missed part of 2014 with a leg injury. Needs weight-room work to add more bulk to his frame. Needs to improve his contact balance against power.
							
2015	La'el Collins	2552361	OT	LSU	NA	Thick through chest and displays upper-body strength. Has strong hands and will snatch and control less active defenders. He takes defenders for a ride once he's engaged on the move. Loves to mash and intimidate opponents. Mean player. Can center pass rushers and end their attempt in pass pro. Utilizes length in pass protection and is acclimated to a pro-style offense. Able to run-block and pass-set laterally. Well-schooled and technically proficient. If he gets beat on a play, he comes back even harder on the next snap. Finisher. Can come in and play guard or tackle.
								Fails to consistently bring hips and feet with him through contact in the running game, causing him to fall forward and lose balance. Hands will start too low in pass pro at times and has to work hard to redirect. Change of direction is slow for a tackle. Relies on lunging rather than foot movement to counter inside moves. Plays high out of stance and loses leverage battle on short-yardage confrontations. Will have to move to right tackle or inside.
							
2015	Mickey Baucus	2552362	OT	Arizona	NA	Four-year starter at left tackle. Gets out of stance and into his block with pretty good quickness. Durable and dependable on Saturdays. Plays inside his physical limitations and gets guys blocked. Doesn't always look good when asked to pull but often finds his targets and delivers a blow.
								High-cut and lacks muscular arms or upper body. Has problems changing direction and can be whipped by inside moves. Looks like he's playing on skates when getting into space. Struggles to finish his backside cut blocks.
							
2015	Rob Havenstein	2552363	OT	Wisconsin	NA	Massive tackle with very functional length. Looks oafish, but feet are much better than the eye expects. Takes quick steps and good angles for proper positioning to wall off defenders on gap plays. Above-average power in run game and runs legs to create movement. Drive blocker by nature. Block winner at point of attack. Uses well-timed punch and has adequate foot quickness to set out to edge speed. Aggressive, play-finishing demeanor on the field. Plus body control and balance on second-level blocks with ability to sustain. Can brace against power and has feet to counter inside moves in pass pro. Shows ability to mirror and has a wide "success zone."
								Stiffness in knees causes him to come out of stance way too tall. Is almost never under the pads of opponent. Too often has to sumo wrestle at impact to get defender centered. Initial lateral quickness not good enough to count on him with back-side cut-offs. Keeps hands too low pre-punch. Unathletic build with zero bubble. Some scouts worry about stiffness becoming an even greater problem after first few years in the league.
							
2015	Sean Hickey	2552364	OT	Syracuse	NA	Can get good movement when he locks in. At his best in jump sets, with a good punch and good leverage inside. Walls off defenders effectively in run game. Can drop his anchor and take a stand against power rushers when needed.
								Looks lost when he gets to the second level. Poor footwork on every wide defender. Plays with low, wide hands on pass pro, which leads to a lack of punch. Turns his shoulders and opens up too quickly in pass pro. Does not look for work downfield. Lacks thickness through his chest.
							
2015	T.J. Clemmings	2552365	OT	Pittsburgh	NA	Long, athletic frame. Former high school basketball player with great foot quickness. Moves like a tight end in space with an ability to zero in on targets and finish them in the screen game. Elite change-of-direction talent and knee bend. Can peel off his block to pick up a delayed blitzer. Snaps off twisting defender to guard and finds new assignment. Gets depth with smooth, fluid kick-slide and does a good job of mirroring. Can secure a shoulder and torque defender out of a run play. Hands carry jarring power. Explodes out of stance into defender. Has mean streak. Accelerates feet after contact and finishes. Has length and strength to redirect around pocket when beaten around the edge. Has the talent to make any block asked of him in the running game.
								Inexperienced at the position and still raw. Will fall off blocks when his base gets too narrow on angle blocks. Will duck his head into contact in run game. Must learn to slow down and gather himself when climbing to second level. Has a hitch before he punches in pass protection and then gives away length with wide hands. Works with technique on pass sets but loses that technique suddenly at the high point of the pass rush, causing him to have to scramble to redirect around arc.
							
2015	Ty Sambrailo	2552366	OT	Colorado St.	NA	Functional athleticism to play on the left side. Releases into space and can hit moving targets in the screen game. Technically sound pass sets. Keeps weight on inside foot and hands in ready position. Very good at sliding feet and mirroring pass rushers. Keeps his hands inside. Jabs pass-pro punch and then hides hands from defender when not engaged. Frame still has room for more weight. Good recognition of twists. Finishes his blocks. Plays to whistle and flashes nasty. Able to make back-side cuts.
								Needs work as a run blocker. Inconsistent hand usage in run game. Gets to second level but doesn't always have a game plan once he gets there. Needs to unleash power in hands. Lets athletic rushers get into him without getting arm extension. Will lean at contact in pass pro, creating potential balance problems. Gets jostled and knocked off balance. Core strength issues must be monitored. Short arms for a player his height. Lacks necessary sand to hold his ground when asked to block laterally.
							
2015	Tyrus Thompson	2552367	OT	Oklahoma	NA	Has NFL talent and athleticism. Is able to climb up to the second level and engage assignments. Effective wall-off blocker. Can change direction in pass protection and is able to adjust in space to get to moving targets. Light on his feet for a big guy. Has the feet and length to be a starting left tackle in the league. Has athleticism to recover when beaten in pass protection. Can move laterally and make tough blocks when needed.
								Reacher-and-grabber in run game. Doesn't consistently bring feet with him to bury defenders. Not a finisher. Plays with poor technique. Inconsistent anchor and plays with poor leverage. His effort level is at bare minimum when asked to block away from the play. Finesse player. Has thin legs. Lacks the nasty his teammate Daryl Williams has. Considered lazy and maddening to scouts, who question how much he loves the game.
							
2015	Anthony Boone	2552368	QB	Duke	NA	Heady quarterback. Makes sound decisions when asked to zone-read and when diagnosing pre-snap. Good play strength with an ability to escape rush, break tackles as a runner and get positive yards. Willing to stand tall in pocket when pocket gets dicey. Evaluators like his mental toughness and leadership traits.
								Short and struggles to see over the offensive linemen. Accuracy is a substantial issue for him. Ball placement can be a coin flip from game to game. One of the lowest-rated quarterbacks in the ACC on intermediate and deep-ball completion percentage. Below average arm. Struggles to make NFL throws.
							
2015	Bryce Petty	2552369	QB	Baylor	NA	Possesses NFL size. Not a burner, but has enough functional movement outside of the pocket. Scouts label him ultra-competitive, tough and smart. Strong leader. Engineered 21-point fourth-quarter comeback win over TCU in 2014. Played through a back injury for most of his senior season. Doesn't have a cannon, but arm strength is NFL-starter quality. Deep-ball accuracy improved from 2013 to 2014. Understands when to throw the fastball and when to use touch. Gets feet set with good balance on delivery. Keeps ball at proper height on setup and has quick release. Rarely underthrows deep passes, preferring to give only his wide receiver a chance to catch the ball.
								Scouts concerned he could be product of Baylor's one-read system. Has tendency to spray the ball against zone coverage on intermediate routes. Can extend plays but won't make many plays downfield once he extends. Mistakes happen when forced to come off of first read. Struggles when defenders are near his feet. Yards per attempt declined in 2014 and screens were a much higher percentage of his passes. Struggles to pull himself from the doldrums when having a poor game. Nose of the ball dives when he doesn't drive throws with his lower body. Must learn to read defenses and get through his progressions when he joins the NFL.
							
2015	Cody Fajardo	2552370	QB	Nevada	NA	Dangerous with his legs. Effective zone-scheme runner and scrambler. Good pre-snap recognition of blitz and finds hot read. Shows some pocket awareness and will slide to create space. Uses his eyes to move safety. Will take shots over the top against press-man, single-high safety coverage. Accurate, confident thrower on the move. Adequate accuracy to boundary and utilizes back-shoulder throws when necessary. Looked to slide to finish runs rather than allow contact in 2014 after playing hurt in 2013. Two-time team captain. One of only two players in FBS history (Colin Kaepernick) to throw for 9,000 yards and rush for 3,000 yards during career. Wants to be better as a passer. Attended Manning Passing Academy three years in a row.
								Below-average build for running quarterback. Was banged up for most of 2013. Shuffles to edge of pocket to find clear passing lane to perimeter. Takes extra step into throws at times and is late delivering to receivers. Crowds targets against sideline or leads them into big hits. Spotty footwork in pocket. Inconsistent resetting feet and often off-balance when making quick throws. Confidence shaken by consistent pressure over last two seasons. Rushed reads and defaulted to short, quick throws. Missed receivers running wide open downfield. Anticipation lacking to compensate for below-average arm strength. Noticeable accuracy issues throwing to middle third. Very average reading defender on zone read.
							
2015	Garrett Grayson	2552371	QB	Colorado St.	NA	Tremendous deep-ball touch and accuracy this season. Puts air under the ball and feathers throw into consistently catchable spots for receivers. Gets feet set and uses lower body and proper weight transfer to drive the ball to his target with zip. Works to square shoulders to throw when outside of the pocket. Scouts love his toughness and improved poise in the pocket. Willing to face down oncoming rusher and take hit in order to deliver the pass. Shows confidence to challenge safeties and will attack press-man cornerbacks over the top. Production improved each season as starter. Has worked under center, in pistol and out of shotgun.
								Has a small windup, which slows release. Catch-and-run touchdowns helped inflate his YPA and touchdowns this season. Tape work shows inconsistent decision-making and and a need for faster processing. Gets too locked in on his primary target. Rarely threatens defenses with feet. Lacks improvisation and ability to extend plays. Needs play to stay on schedule. Needs work on anticipation and trusting windows. Slow getting into his drops and scouts want quicker ball handling from him. Shows inconsistent accuracy on short throws into windows against zone.
							
2015	Hutson Mason	2552372	QB	Georgia	NA	Heady quarterback and steward of the offense. Worked from the gun and under center. Uses over-the-top release with quick-trigger release. Accuracy is his calling card. Throws receivers open. Plus ball placement and touch. Most accurate quarterback in SEC on deep throws at 51.9 percent during 2014 season. Plays with calm demeanor and maintains poise in pocket. Shows pre-snap recognition of blitzes and is ready with adjustment.
								Game manager with below-average size. Lacks build to hold up to punishing sacks. Run-game beneficiary rarely asked to shoulder load. Threw for more than 200 yards only once during the 2014 season. Weak arm. Doesn't generate zip from lower body. Floats perimeter throws. Eyeballs targets in tight quarters and brings coverage. Had issues throwing behind post routes on play-action. Feet won't frighten defense. Just three completions for more than 43 yards. Generally defaults to the safe throws.
							
2015	Shane Carden	2552373	QB	East Carolina	NA	Three-year starter. Has a high football IQ and processes quickly as he scans the field. Comes from an athletic family. Has work ethic and toughness that NFL teams covet in a quarterback prospect. Leader who has shouldered a high percentage of the East Carolina offense. Works to extend plays and keeps eyes down the field.
								Doesn't generate much power from his lower body. Arm-thrower with less than desirable arm strength. Scouts believe his deep-ball accuracy will take a huge dive in the pros due to lack of downfield zip. Lacks foot quickness to escape pocket and consistently make teams pay. Has a pronounced windup.
							
2015	Ameer Abdullah	2552374	RB	Nebraska	Played at Homewood High School in Alabama, where he gained 2,315 yards from scrimmage and scored 28 touchdowns as a senior. Played in every game his freshman season and averaged 29.3 yards per kick return. As a sophomore, played in all 14 games and started 7. Was the first running back at Nebraska to record 100-plus yards rushing in his first five starts since 1994. Finished 2012 with 1,137 yards rushing and 8 touchdowns while being named second-team All-Big 10. As a junior, Abdullah ran for 1,690 yards and nine touchdowns while topping 100 yards in 11 of 13 games. Abdullah was a first-team  All-Big Ten selection and the team MVP. Weight-room demon awarded "Lifter of the Year" and he has transformed his body since arriving at Nebraska. Team captain and 2013 Academic All-American.	Decisive runner with good lower-body drive and a willingness to run behind his pads. Finishes his runs. Has NFL-caliber burst and can hit top speed quickly. Defenses must respect his ability to turn the corner on play-side. Patient runner with plus vision. Willing to seek out cutback lanes. Rarely dances to the line or makes unnecessary lateral moves. Isn't a predictable runner. Lacks blazing top-end speed but plays fast. Highly competitive with a high football IQ. Hasn't dropped a pass in two years and can be a valuable weapon in passing attack. Will make arm tacklers pay and is better in short yardage than most backs his size. Can help immediately as a punt or kick returner. Personal and football character is considered off-the-charts by the scouting community.
								Lacks ideal size that teams look for from a three-down running back. Frame is close to maxed out. Doesn't always go through his pass routes at full speed. Smallish frame causes some issues in pass protection. Tenacity in protection needs to improve. Ball security is a legitimate concern with 13 fumbles over his four years at Nebraska.
							
2015	Cameron Artis-Payne	2552375	RB	Auburn	NA	Patient runner who waits for blocks to develop before attacking the hole. Will duck his head and finish a run. Short-stepper who gets to top speed quickly. Looks to keep the runs north and south. Effective spin move on second level. Good ball security. Due to stocky frame, defenders underestimate his burst around the corner and tend to take poor angles on him. Willing banger between tackles.
								Patience sometimes turns into a lack of urgency with reads. Thickly built but doesn't move piles as often as expected. One note runner. Tight hips and without much wiggle in open space. Must improve in protection. Might not have enough juice to be able to threaten the edge as an NFL runner.
							
2015	David Cobb	2552376	RB	Minnesota	NA	Powerful, compact runner with a low center of gravity. Efficient and decisive. Makes defenders miss with slight movement and hand usage. Won't succumb to arm tackles. Gained 54 percent of his yardage after contact from 2013-2014. Patient runner who gets the most from his runs. Has good speed in open field for a back his size. Balance is his friend. Smooth change-of-direction with little wasted motion. Gets low and finishes with leg drive. When he smells the end zone, he wants to eat.
								Average improviser. Not a stop/start runner and lacks dynamic qualities. Gets yards on his plate and what he grinds for after contact. Lacks lateral quickness to bounce runs outside with consistent success in the NFL. Fumbled in four of six games in the middle of the 2014 season. Needs more commitment to pass protection. Average hands as a receiver. Needs extended runway to ramp up to top speed.
							
2015	David Johnson	2552377	RB	Northern Iowa	NA	Looks good on the hoof. Possesses a big body and falls forward for additional yards. Smooth pass-catcher out of the backfield and is a mismatch for linebackers. Has been a consistent weapon out of the backfield while in college. Uses an effective jump cut on inside runs to change direction and can string a couple of them together on the same run. Has good long speed when he gets into space.
								Long-strider. Doesn't always look like he has the foot quickness to burst through the hole consistently. Allows defenders to get a hand on him through the replace and isn't a classic finisher. Tends to hit the brakes too hard in order to make his cuts. Questionable vision. Looks to make cuts instead of keeping the run play-side. Scouts want to see more fire in his play demeanor. Play strength and blocking are problems. Goes down too easily.
							
2015	Dominique Brown	2552378	RB	Louisville	NA	Big back with power potential. Adequate vision with lower-body strength to dismiss angle tackles lacking commitment. Effectively presses line of scrimmage on inside zone runs. Runs along scheduled track and generally stays square to line of scrimmage. Soft hands out of the backfield and has enough straight-line speed to win on wheel route. Size and strength to become above average in pass protection.
								Rarely uses his size to punish. No wiggle and only gets what is there. Stiff hips and gears way down to make rounded cut. Not enough burst to accelerate through smaller creases. Urgency and desire missing as a runner. Inconsistent pad level into second level. Falls forward but doesn't compete hard for extra yardage. Converted just more than 50 percent on third/fourth-and-1. Fell to bottom of depth chart and had only one carry over last six games of the season. According to scouts, Louisville staff not a fan of his practice effort.
							
2015	Jeremy Langford	2552379	RB	Michigan St.	NA	Running back who has played wide receiver and cornerback at Michigan State. Improved a great deal since 2013 season. Has feet to avoid the trash and bounce it outside. Has burst around the corner and can separate from linebackers in pursuit. Finished his 2014 campaign with 22 carries of 15-plus yards, placing him fifth in running-back heavy Big Ten. Effective with chip blocks and will square up blitzers and take them on in pass protection. Has blocking and pass-catching talent to play on third downs. Good spin move and plus lateral foot quickness. Maintains balance through contact. Showed special-teams potential as a sophomore.
								Not a physical runner. Broke very few tackles this year and churned out pedestrian yards after contact. Gains extra yards by sliding laterally out of tackles rather than leg churn. Lacks commitment between the tackles. Seems content to absorb hits rather than dish them out. Scouts believe he will be a "bouncer" in pros, looking to take runs outside prematurely. Has burst, but not as much wiggle as anticipated.
							
2015	Karlos Williams	2552380	RB	Florida St.	NA	Former safety with aggressive, physical temperament. Taller and longer than most running backs, but has exceptional burst to trim the corner and go. Angular running style. Makes subtle changes of direction without gearing down. One-cut daddy on outside zone plays. Has good top-end speed. Can be a factor on swing passes and will body up in pass protection. Lowers pads and delivers a blow on the move. Falls forward and is a pile mover when pad level is right. Natural footwork for an inexperienced back. Slams it between tackles when asked and doesn't look to bounce outside. Shows patience and uses head fakes to freeze defenders in space. Hard to tackle and keeps feet churning at impact.
								Upright runner. Has issues playing with leverage when challenged suddenly in the hole. Needs to see contact coming to get pads low enough. Has just two years of running back experience. Instincts and feel are very hit and miss. Runs himself into trouble and might not fit all running schemes. Doesn't make many defenders miss on second level. "Explosive Rushes" (15-plus yards) fell off substantially in 2014. Gained additional weight preseason, which appears to have slowed him. Lost starting job to freshman. Was investigated by Tallahassee police in domestic battery case, but no charges were filed. Character will be combed over carefully.
							
2015	Kevin Parks	2552381	RB	Virginia	NA	Keeps feet churning through impact and falls forward. Used quite a bit out of the backfield. Sure-handed pass-catcher. Can grind it out on short yardage situations and is a willing blocker on third down.
								Takes too long to get through the hole. Doesn't make defenders miss when they get early penetration. Lacks lateral ability and takes only what is given. Not creative as a runner.
							
2015	Malcolm Brown	2552382	RB	Texas	NA	Strong finisher who gathers and delivers a blow at point of initial impact. Will run through arm tackles. Falls forward and churns out as much as he can from his runs. Showed ability to wear down defenses. Plus blocker who steps up to take on blitzers. Capable pass receiver out of backfield. Rarely hesitates as a runner. Has decent jump-cut in the hole to avoid sudden traffic. Had success with zone plays early in his career. Known as a good worker in the weight room and considered a quiet, high-character player and person.
								Has no turbo in his tank. No real dynamic potential as a runner. Only gains yards that he is supposed to gain. Lacks creativity to put moves together in open field. Marginal change-of-direction talent with very little lateral ability. Rounds off cuts. Scouts doubt his potential to turn the corner as a runner and believe he will have to make his living as a grinder. 
							
2015	Terrence Magee	2552383	RB	LSU	NA	Has more than enough competitiveness and toughness. Sees the holes and makes good decisions when the ball is in his hands. Has decent strength and falls forward to finish runs. Courageous pass protector. Understands protection schemes -- who to block and when to release. Works his feet to stay in front of blitzers and is technically sound.
								Below-average athlete. Dull runner lacking improvisation. Shake and acceleration are missing from his game. What you see is what you get. Can break tackles here and there but isn't a punisher. Can catch throws to him but must improve at adjusting to poor throws out of backfield. Didn't impress enough to get a bigger piece of the pie among LSU running backs.
							
2015	Zach Zenner	2552384	RB	South Dakota St.	NA	One-cut downhill runner. Workhorse. Big and fast; smart and tough. Will win most footraces once he gets to top gear. Has almost no wasted motion to and through the crease. Stays balanced through contact. Strong production against better competition. In 2014, put 103 yards (6.1 yards per carry) and two touchdowns on Missouri after hanging 202 yards and two touchdowns on Nebraska in 2013. Uses stiff-arm effectively on second level. Runs through arm tackles. Good hands out of backfield and adjusts to poorly thrown balls. Has "every-down" traits. Sticks nose squarely into A-gap blitzers in pass pro. Can add even more weight to frame if needed.
								Tight hips with thin waist and very little wiggle. Struggles to slide laterally from one gap to the next when a lane closes suddenly. Lacks creativity -- one-speed rusher. Gets yards after contact, but not really a pile mover. Needs improvement on acceleration through contact. Overwhelmed smaller, slower defensive fronts. Will throw flipper or shoulder at edge blitz at times rather than squaring up.
							
2015	Adrian Amos	2552385	FS	Penn St.	NA	Athletic with good range. Fluid in space with easy backpedal and smooth hips. Has ability to turn, run and recover when ball is in the air. Good route recognition. Trustworthy in coverage and is rarely out of position. Can line up defense. Offered versatility in coverage. Played some slot corner in sub packages. Outstanding in zone coverage at Penn State. Can crowd receivers and closes throwing windows. Allowed just 3.9 yards per target in 2014. Has twitch to trigger and close on throws.
								Doesn't display great sense of urgency in run support. Takes suspect angles against run from high to low and when lined up near line of scrimmage. Will throw body at runner, but carries no sting behind pads, sliding down target and finishing tackle near ankles at times. Average instincts. Hyper-focused on responsibility and seems unwilling to take chances. Would rather see it than sense it.
							
2015	Clayton Geathers	2552386	SS	Central Florida	NA	Four-year starter. Has feet and hips to cover tight ends. Maintains depth when asked to play single-high. Play speed is better than his timed speed. Adequate short-area quickness. Has closing burst to ball and disruptive hands when he's in position to challenge the catch. Weaves through the trash, finds and finishes in run support. Seeks out action and posted tremendous tackle production over previous three seasons (298 tackles). Cherishes his role as a hitter.
								Missed tackles are a concern. Doesn't know where the brakes are when coming downhill to tackle. Inability to play with patience from high to low causes him to run himself out of tackle or into poor angles. Must learn to break down in space and wrap up. He's a hitter and not a consistent tackler. Inconsistent with eyes. Gets preoccupied with sifting through routes and misses play unfolding. Too easily fooled by play-action.
							
2015	Cody Prewitt	2552387	FS	Mississippi	NA	Scouts say he grinds on film and has an instinctual feel for route progressions. Will squat on routes to tighten throwing lanes. Doesn't panic in zone coverage. Can play the "robber" spot and run with crossing routes. Has long arms and was used at times to press and reroute. Will surprise on tape with his closing burst on the ball. Steady as a center fielder. True to his back-side responsibilities in run game. Has shown good hands. Can play gunner on special teams.
								Is tight-hipped in space and is a marginal athlete by NFL standards. Uses high backpedal and doesn't have juice to explode from stand-still -- needs a build-up. Has average feet and is much better straight-line than laterally. Loiters around piles and doesn't stick his nose in. He will tackle, but he isn't going to send any messages with his hits. Can get exposed when asked to play man coverage in space. Benefited from attacking defensive front and aggressive cornerbacks.
							
2015	Corey Cooper	2552388	SS	Nebraska	NA	Big safety. Will hit and can intimidate. Sifts through combo routes successfully. Understands his job and carries it out with relative consistency. Transitions quickly from high to low in run support. Isn't easily displaced from coverage responsibility by quarterback's eyes.
								Bulky, tight hips with poor play speed. Doesn't show a top gear and gives up angles when chasing wide in pursuit. Can get out of control and miss tackles when coming downhill. Not instinctive enough to make up for below-average burst. Leaves throwing windows to seam open too long. Struggles against play-action.
							
2015	Damarious Randall	2552389	FS	Arizona State	NA	Plus athlete with good speed. Scouts love his toughness and effort. Inspired effort as a tackler, racking up 177 tackles during two-year stint at Arizona State. Looks to punish. Explodes into targets and jolts his victims. Takes very good angles in space in run support. Instinctive blitzer who times snap and has a nose for the quarterback. Senses throws underneath and breaks on them early. Highly competitive on 50/50 throws and won't give an inch to receiver. Took two interceptions for scores. Good hands -- played some wide receiver in junior college and was also an explosive returner while there.
								Small for safety position. Has box characteristics but lacking box size. Instincts as a free safety are average. Could be forced to play cornerback. Needs technique work in coverage. Must learn line-of-scrimmage skills and work on coordinating feet and hips. Allows wideouts to eat up cushion. Desire to attack leads to false steps against play-action. Fails to play with proper depth at times. Gets a little loose with technique as a tackler at times, causing him to miss.
							
2015	Derron Smith	2552390	FS	Fresno St.	NA	Productive four-year starter. Modern-day safety with the ability to play near line or in single-high coverage. Easy mover. Has outstanding coverage skills and can mirror in coverage over the slot. Can be physical. Former high school quarterback with above-average football intelligence. Instinctive with plus field vision and ability to track ball. Outstanding ball skills with playmaking potential. Thirteen interceptions over sophomore and junior season. Burst to close on boundary throws down the field.
								Tried to do too much in 2014 for inconsistent Fresno State defense. Ventured beyond prescribed area with mixed results. Will take questionable angles to the ball against run and pass. Undersized. Short-armed with limited high-point ability. Overly reliant on body positioning against big receivers when ball is in the air. NFL tight ends are too big for him in coverage. Too wild as a tackler. Saw his broken- and missed-tackle stats spike.
							
2015	Jaquiski Tartt	2552391	SS	Samford	Redshirted his freshman year in 2010. In 2011, played in 11 games with 23 tackles, including 8 against Appalachian State. Started all 11 games at free safety in 2012 and was named first-team All-Conference and All-American. Was a finalist for the Buck Buchanan Award, which goes to the top defensive player in all of Division I-FCS football. Was named All-Conference and All-American again in 2013 as a redshirt junior after starting 12 games at free safety and tying for third on the team in tackles with 98, including 69 solo stops. In 2014, was named to the American Football Coaches Association FCS All-America team after finishing second on the team with 62 tackles, including 53 solo stops. For his career, Tartt tallied 277 total tackles (199 solo tackles), six interceptions, 20 pass break-ups and 6.5 tackles for loss.	Well-built with impressive overall size. Gets downhill quickly from high safety to mix it up in run support. Takes good angles to ball carriers and is an aggressive tackler. Willing to play through pain and compete. Fierce competitor. Plays with confident, clear eyes to diagnose and handle his responsibilities. Attacks the ball at point of catch to disrupt wide receiver and dislodge the pass.
								Gets caught staring into backfield as a single high safety. Will let post routes get behind him and doesn't feature recovery speed to get back into that play. Becomes over-aggressive in space and will overrun tackles. Limited man-cover ability.
							
2015	Jordan Richards	2552392	SS	Stanford	NA	Team captain and defensive leader. Played some wide receiver in high school. Good hands with ability to make difficult interceptions. Attacks ball at high-point. Moves well as high-low safety. Extended range in run support and doesn't mind the physical side of the position. Has secondary motor for extended pursuit. Good football and personal character. Productive three-year starter.
								Displays obvious coverage limitations. Below-average instincts when asked to play deep safety. Slow to see it, with marginal recovery speed. Struggles in man coverage. Grabby at the top of the route and lacks feet to match and mirror. Slow to digest route combinations out of bunch formations. Comes downhill against run quickly, but out of control at times. Needs improvement as a wrap-up tackler.
							
2015	Kurtis Drummond	2552393	FS	Michigan St.	NA	Big and good looking on the hoof. Is a very fluid mover in space and has NFL-caliber play speed. Used in off coverage on slot receivers. Can click and close on throws in his vicinity and his ball skills are outstanding for the position. Has 25 passes defensed and 8 interceptions over the last two seasons. Has hips and closing speed to recover when beaten.
								Finesse safety who is a catch-and-drag tackler. Has had issues with missed tackles over the last three years. Inconsistent body control when asked to tackle in space. Takes suspect angles from high to low. Must improve at breaking down in space and centering his strike point. Eyes are slow to recognize and will bust coverage at times because of it. Allowed career-worst 9.1 yards per target.
							
2015	Ronald Martin	2552394	SS	LSU	NA	Physical, box-safety linebacker. Plays through the whistle and relishes contact. Played as an additional linebacker against physical, run-based teams in Wisconsin and Arkansas. Disengages quickly in run support and will take on blockers to keep contain when called on. Can cover tight ends and shows adequate ball skills. Reacts quickly to throws in his area. Emotional leader on the field.
								Average athlete with average play speed. Has coverage limitations. Struggles when asked to match up with speed in space. He's a tick slow to get through his route recognition at times. Shows some reckless traits in open field as a tackler. Steams downhill at suspect angles. Short-area change of direction issues limit him as a tackler against running backs with shake.
							
2015	Sam Carter	2552395	SS	TCU	NA	Big safety. Played hybrid linebacker/safety position in TCU's 4-2-5. Scouts rave about his football intelligence and ability to line up teammates inside of Gary Patterson's complicated scheme at TCU. Three-year starter with 30 passes defensed and 13 interceptions. Good sense of timing and ball skills when ball is in the air. Dangerous blitzer off edge with 7 sacks as sophomore and junior. Has burst to attack plays in front of him. Good attention to detail and is rarely out of position. Team captain. Only four penalties as a starter.
								Shows concerning level of stiffness in lower half. Has tight hips and struggles to open and run in space.  Looks the part of thumper, but isn't that guy. Stays glued to blocks. Drag-down tackler who rarely launches himself into his work as a hitter. Can be easily mismatched in man coverage. Not physical enough to convert to 4-3 outside linebacker. Marginal lateral movement in zone coverage. Too often takes a passive angle to ball carriers.
							
2015	Ben Koyack	2552396	TE	Notre Dame	NA	Possesses desired size and athleticism for the position. Can threaten the seam, though not asked to do so very often. Sinks hips and plays with twitch into and out of breaks. Large, strong hands. Hands-catcher with plus concentration in a crowd. Equally comfortable in?line or from the slot. Excels as run blocker with unique understanding of leverage and hand placement. Works to secure edge. Mirrors and stays engaged when walling off and hustles to get his man turned when responsible for play-side block. Has potential to be left on an island in pass protection. Competes hard.
								Must work harder to get open and help his quarterback when the play breaks down. Doesn't strike much of a blow when asked to come across formation and seal off defensive end. Not elusive after the catch. Could use a little more girth if used as "Y" tight end. Only one season as full-time starter. Less game experience and targets than any of the top tight ends in this draft. Mechanical in his routes. Still gaining a feel for how to work in space. Just two catches for more than 25 yards in his career.
							
2015	Clive Walford	2552397	TE	Miami	NA	Becoming a very reliable blocker. Is tough enough and physical enough to be a play-side blocking tight end on zone runs. Bends and explodes from hips into his targets and sustains with a good base. Will drive smaller linebackers off the line of scrimmage in run game. Has lined up in-line, slot and as an H-back. Has the physical build and enough quickness to threaten the seam. Turns head and locates the ball quickly. Can make contested catches. Has NFL run-after-catch ability. At home in a physical  matchup. Has long arms and big hands.
								Focus drops were a big problem for Walford from 2012-2013 (10 drops). Needs work in sinking hips into breaks. Will round off out routes and allow defender angles to break on the pass. Scouts say his play speed has been inconsistent and there are questions about what his timed speed will be. Not the same factor in run blocking when asked to play move-tight-end role.
							
2015	E.J. Bibbs	2552398	TE	Iowa St.	NA	Comes out of his breaks under control and ready to catch the ball. Opens up and is a presentable target for quarterback. Shows good concentration as a pass-catcher with plus hands. Uses body to position effectively. Averaged a touchdown every seven catches. Gives good effort and has good feet in zone blocking.
								Does not finish blocks or look for additional work in run game when uncovered. Limited athleticism with poor play speed. Rounds off routes and doesn't have any zip out of his breaks. Poor technician in pass pro -- waist-bender with sluggish feet. Lacks hip explosion as drive blocker and fails to consistently engage as a blocker when asked to do it in space. Short-area pass target only.
							
2015	Jeff Heuerman	2552399	TE	Ohio St.	NA	Has athletic traits for the position. Solid straight-line speed after the catch. Can threaten the seams vertically. Has a plus vertical leap and high-point ability as a pass-catcher. Good body control to adjust to off-target throws. Shows his numbers to quarterback. Comes from athletic family. Team captain and leader in weight room.
								Has weight-room strength, but it doesn't translate at the point of attack. Rounds off routes. Struggles to get separation at the top of the route. Lacks functional core strength. Can be rag-dolled in pass protection. Gets redirected into his routes. Struggles to win the edge as a run blocker. Limited college production.
							
2015	Matthew Lengel	2552400	TE	Eastern Kentucky	NA	Tall target with massive catch radius. Well-proportioned and unusual athleticism and coordination for his size. Releases quickly and is fluid in space.
								Struggles to set edge and stay engaged as a blocker against lower level of competition. Suffered season-ending knee injuries early in 2012 and 2013 seasons. Very little production as a pass-catcher.
							
2015	MyCole Pruitt	2552401	TE	Southern Illinois	NA	Hands are a plus. Hands-catcher who adjusts to the ball. Catches while covered and secures in traffic. Plays with above-average football intelligence. Finds openings in zones and exploits them. Highly productive four-year starter. Despite obvious attention from defenses, he still got his. Had 10 catches for 136 yards against Purdue in 2014. Displays the ability to be an in-line blocker with more coaching. Blocks with good base and core strength.
								Squatty and plays with limited bend. Tight through hips. Fails to sink hips into breaks, running tight routes and struggling to separate because of it. Inconsistent effort as back-side run blocker and pass protector. Play speed is marginal. Doesn't show consistent competitive toughness as a goal-line blocker and gears down in his routes if he doesn't anticipate getting the ball.
							
2015	Nick Boyle	2552402	TE	Delaware	NA	Big body with long arms and big hands. Has size and athleticism to be an every-down tight end. Flashes ability to run feet and sustain blocks in space and has quickness off snap to make back-side zone blocks. Smooth, natural hands-catcher. Plucks and stashes. Turns and searches for throw immediately out of break. Plus focus in a crowd. Will dive and extend to make the tough catch. After catch, drops shoulder and delivers a blow to defensive backs. Will hurdle low tackle attempts in open space. Good feel for open space and works back to scrambling quarterback. Showed ability to work the seam and make plays downfield in 2013.
								Doesn't play to his frame in run game. Allows defenders to swat away hands and disengage too quickly. Sloppy footwork as blocker. Positional blocker -- doesn't consistently wall off against lesser competition. Tape shows questionable desire and competitiveness when asked to run block. Averaged 3.1 yards fewer per catch in 2014 than 2013. Looked quicker, more athletic and more energetic in 2013. Gets caught leaning into his break, giving route away. Dull out of breaks.
							
2015	Nick O'Leary	2552403	TE	Florida St.	NA	Used inline, in the backfield and from the slot. Tenacious play demeanor. Has an understanding of space and how to adjust routes. At his best as a zone beater. Coachable and willing team player. Stepped up and bolstered pass protection in fourth quarter of win against Notre Dame. Uses good technique as a run blocker and will win against players his size. Slides feet and keeps rusher squared in pass protection. Possesses strong hands. Rarely has a drop and works for tough yardage after the catch. Throwback tight end.
								Stumpy body and marginal athlete. Tight hips and won't gain ground quickly out of his release. Labored runner in space. Willing blocker but lacks the natural core power to handle stronger players. Unlikely to be an NFL vertical threat. Doesn't create separation in man coverage. Had just six catches of 25 yards or more over last three seasons and none his senior year. Maxed out body.
							
2015	Wes Saxton	2552404	TE	South Alabama	NA	Very quick into his route off the snap. Sticks a foot in the ground and opens up quickly to offer quarterback a clean target with good catch radius. Willing to extend and make tough catches in traffic. Too quick for many linebackers on intermediate routes. Former high school receiver who shows some suddenness out of breaks. Hands-catcher. Traits to be a matchup problem on next level.
								Move tight end only. Appears to lack the toughness to play in-line. Poor effort as a run blocker and offers no power to secure edge or get movement. Routes are still very raw. Hasn't learned to gain as much separation as his athleticism should allow him. Scouts question how hard he will compete when challenged by NFL toughness.
							
2015	Andre Davis	2552405	WR	South Florida	NA	Long legs with ability to get on top of off corners who get caught sleeping. Excels in vertical routes. Good feel reading defender's weight shift and altering routes to take advantage and maximize separation. Tracks ball and adjusts to get under throws. Used from slot and outside. Leaper who can elevate and contort body to make difficult catch. Missed four games after injuring sternum while making an incredible diving catch. Very good catch radius. Can dig the low throw out. Calm, focused feet near sidelines.
								Shows hip stiffness, causing him to round off routes. Unpolished route runner who runs small variety of simple routes. Unimpressive when asked to make contested catches. Shows hesitation to commit to the catch over the middle and most of his drops were contested or between the hashes. Disinterested run blocker who mostly tries to get in the way.
							
2015	Antwan Goodley	2552406	WR	Baylor	NA	Big-time vertical speed and explosiveness. Can open up his hips and stride past corners on vertical routes. Played more on the outside in 2014, but has taken plenty of snaps in the slot. Desired body control. Excels at catch-and-run game. Goes from wide receiver to running back instantly after the catch. Breaks tackles and is always looking to hit the home run after the catch. Offers unique versatility. Has played outside, from slot and had 8 carries for 71 yards as a senior. Has burst to post that cornerbacks need help with over the top. Can climb the ladder and attack the ball at high point.
								Inconsistent hands. Lets ball beat him up too often. Must prove he can catch the ball in traffic. Limited route exposure while at Baylor. Allows scheme and his speed to get him open and must improve at getting out of his breaks with purpose. Will give halfway effort on routes sometimes when he knows he's not going to be targeted. Has frame to be a physical run blocker but doesn't attack. Height might limit him to playing primarily in slot. Might require a patient offensive coordinator.
							
2015	Austin Hill	2552407	WR	Arizona	NA	Big and physical. Plays to his size. Runs with attitude after the catch and can take weaker cornerbacks for a ride. Puts defenders on his hip and uses his body to shield them. Good chance lateral quickness improves as he continues to trust his recovery from injury. Dedicated weight-room worker. Possesses strong hands and catching the ball comes easily for him. Effective blocker who can help spring big runs. His 2012 film shows very effective play from the slot.
								Suffered ACL injury that knocked him out for all of 2013. Is noticeably slower since his injury. Still hasn't recovered to his pre-injury form. Personnel men question his vertical speed. Has to gear down to get into his breaks and is inconsistent at getting separation at the top of his route. Lacks suddenness and can be robotic as a route-runner.
							
2015	Darren Waller	2552408	WR	Georgia Tech	NA	Yet another Georgia Tech receiver with great length. Plays to his height. Gathers himself and boxes out defenders on fades and jump balls. Uses long arms and gets on his ladder to sky over cornerbacks and high point throws. Effortless strider with untapped vertical speed to go yard. Plus body control. Usually gets two feet in bounds on sideline throws. Plucks the ball with extended hands. Doesn't fear hits from safeties. Almost impossible to guard on back-shoulder throws. Confident and competitive when the ball is in the air.
								Will lose speed when turning to locate ball. Shield blocker in run game, giving very modest effort by Georgia Tech standards. Raw route runner with limited exposure to complex routes. Rounds off in-breaking and out routes. Needs improved understanding of leverage and how to create separation with it. Allows smaller cornerbacks to crowd him. Forced just two pass-interference calls over the last two seasons. Limited production and targets over career.
							
2015	DeVante Parker	2552409	WR	Louisville	NA	Consistently plays with outstanding body control. Soft hands and elite concentration are his calling cards. Credited with just three drops since 2012. Comfortable with a man on his hip. Maintains focus on downfield throws despite hand fighting and bumps. Daunting catch radius. Produces explosive plays without top-end speed. Works his way back to the ball and gets open during scrambles. Consistently high-points his catches and is a snatch-and-secure receiver. Recognizes when to adjust depth of routes over the middle. Has an innate feel for the position. Proved he could come back from injury and regain his form. Maximizes his catch window through body control, extended hands and positioning.
								Linear and lacking ideal play strength. Has to prove he can beat a more physical brand of press coverage. Very average suddenness out of breaks. Routes are inconsistent and sometimes lack sharpness. Noticeably slower after returning from a broken bone in his foot in 2014. Lacks top-end speed. Quick-twitch corners could be his kryptonite. He was not put on this earth to run block.
							
2015	Devante Davis	2552410	WR	UNLV	NA	Good size and body composition. Adjusts well to inaccurate throws while on the move. Very few focus drops during his career. As good as you could ask for at tracking deep ball -- never loses sight of it. Will make late adjustment to underthrown balls so that he doesn't give away ball location to defender with back turned. Outstanding awareness with diligent footwork near sideline and back of the end zone. Runs a subtle, effective deep post. Solid run-after-catch talent as long as it is downfield. Clever hand usage downfield to create pre-catch separation.
								Average athlete. Feet not quick enough to create consistent separation within 10 yards of the line of scrimmage. Below-average release off the line of scrimmage. Athletic cornerbacks can press and crowd him. A little tight in hips. Slow to get into his breaks and then to turn and find ball. Quarterbacks made his life miserable with poorly thrown balls and throws into double coverage. Needs to improve on working back to the ball. Will drop too many contested throws. Missed time in 2014 due to wrist injury.
							
2015	Dezmin Lewis	2552411	WR	Central Arkansas	NA	Good height and overall size. High points and uses his length. Good forward lean into routes and gets cornerbacks to open up before breaking routes off. Uses same route pace for verticals and stick routes. Long-armed hands-catcher who extends to snatch ball early and get upfield. Satisfactory speed and foot quickness for his size. Weak-armed quarterback forced him to learn to work back to the throw. Tracks the ball well over his shoulder.
								Overwhelmed smaller competition at cornerback. Level of competition will be questioned. Too reliant on length downfield and doesn't display consistent leaping ability. Allowed cornerbacks to challenge and deflect throws rather than going up over them. Ran only a few basic routes. Scouts showing some concern over toughness, noting willingness to run out of bounds rather than finishing runs after catch.
							
2015	Donatella Luckett	2552412	WR	Harding	NA	Good size, speed and overall quickness. Ran a 10.44 100 meters for the track team. Muscular build with strong legs. Is able to shake off tackles and grind out extra yardage after catch. Can mash the gas off the snap and destroy cushion on the Div. II level. Gets immediate separation on crossing routes. Former high school running back. Can turn the corner after catch or make defender miss in open space. Has the speed to punish defenses after catch. High points effectively. Willing blocker and can be effective at it when he wants to. Kick returner with explosive potential.
								Limited catch opportunities playing in option-based offense. Route running will need time to develop. Hasn't run much of route tree, sticking with mainly crossers, stick routes and verticals. Inconsistent ball tracking. Didn't fight back inside to make plays on a couple of throws. Need to see more consistency with run blocking. Hasn't been challenged by cornerbacks who can match his size and speed yet.
							
2015	Dres Anderson	2552413	WR	Utah	NA	Good definition through upper body. Long legs that eat up space downfield. Good enough with downfield route-running. Possesses eye-catching second gear to separate in space. Plays bigger than listed size.  Aggressive, effective run blocker. Doesn't fear the middle of the field. Adjusts well to low throws. Creates additional space with smart hand usage at top of routes. Can throttle down and get feet down near sideline. High-pointer with necessary body control. Will adjust routes to benefit quarterback. Has feel to negotiate traffic after the catch. NFL bloodlines. Father "Flipper" Anderson played for 10 years as an NFL WR.
								Has issues getting off of press coverage. Doesn't get separation on short and intermediate work when corners squat on him. Nothing special about his short-area quickness. Inconsistent hands when challenged and will default to body-catching underneath. Had alarming drops rate over last two seasons (18.6 percent). Coming off of season-ending knee injury. Takes a while to gear up. Lacks lateral explosion and wiggle to be consistently effective with runs after catch.
							
2015	Ezell Ruffin	2552414	WR	San Diego St.	NA	Displays great concentration and ball-tracking. Adjusts route when needed to make angles more difficult for defender. Finds ways to get vertical without impressive speed. Reliable blocker in run game and does adequate job of sustaining blocks. Thick upper body -- gets squared to target and will land a blow. Willing to take on linebackers in run game.
								Bulky through hips and waist with tight hips. Stiff and shows very little bend in and out of routes. Lacks suddenness and shows no second gear. Slow into his route. Only five touchdowns despite 195 targets in three years. Minimal production after catch. Runs basic routes with little nuance to them. Missed five games during 2014 season due to broken collarbone.
							
2015	Jamison Crowder	2552415	WR	Duke	NA	Great instant acceleration. Will burst out of cuts and gain separation when working underneath. Good route-runner who consistently gets on top of defenders quicker than they expect. Will sink hips and snap his route off abruptly. Has experience as both outside and slot wide receiver. Will give effort as a blocker. Has return experience in special teams.
								Lacks desired NFL size. Below-average length and hands and offers a small target radius for quarterbacks. Not an authoritative runner after the catch. Can be redirected in his routes by physical cornerbacks. High number of targets came from bubble screens and quick hitters. Has focus drops.
							
2015	Jordan Taylor	2552416	WR	Rice	NA	Tall target with thin build. Has intriguing "slow-burn" speed for his height. Long-strider who eats up cushion and can blow by off corners and safeties who underestimate him. Sinks hips into his breaks and can break off route quickly for a tall receiver. Played outside and from slot. Uses stride to get separation. High school quarterback who is a dangerous runner after the catch. Has 14 touchdowns over last two seasons, including from 88, 61, 41 and 75.
								Upright off snap and into his routes and needs an extended runway to build up to top speed. Thin frame and gets redirected off the line. Play strength is below par. Lack of initial foot quickness and upright posture could be a problem against aggressive press-cover corners. Had issues with focus drops early in 2014 season after foot injury. Made more challenging catches early in career.
							
2015	Josh Harper	2552417	WR	Fresno St.	NA	Has outstanding foot quickness. Gets to top speed immediately. Effortless hands-catcher who is courageous over the middle. Body control is among the best in this year's wide receiver crop and turns incompletions into catches. Fights hard to maintain route integrity when cornerbacks try to reroute him. Understands where to sit down against zone coverage to create safer throwing lanes for quarterbacks. Has running back's wiggle and can turn bubble screens and hitches into first downs.
								Top-end speed is being questioned by evaluators. Cornerbacks rarely appear threatened into opening up prematurely. Unorthodox route runner who lacks salesmanship and purpose at times. Looks more like running back than wide receiver getting out of breaks. Small frame for an outside receiver and might be forced into use in the slot. Technique could stand work as a run blocker.
							
2015	Justin Hardy	2552418	WR	East Carolina	NA	Instinctive. Works back to the football and adjusts well to inaccurate passes. Good length for his height. Hand-catcher with above-average hand size. Smooth hips to weave and make tacklers miss on crossing routes. Aggressive demeanor on the field. Nasty blocker looking to dominate his foe. More than 70 percent of his catches as a senior went for first downs.
								Was asked to run a limited, simple variety of routes. Not a threat to beat defenders with speed. Thin through lower body. Lacks quickness and explosiveness out of cuts to create instant separation. Limited play-making ability.
							
2015	Kasen Williams	2552419	WR	Washington	NA	Well built and able to shield corners to make tough catches. Showed what he was capable of with productive sophomore season. Play strength a plus and is willing to get on top of corners to manhandle them in running game.
								Suffered season-ending injuries in 2013 (broken fibula and Lisfranc injury) and failed to regain his form in 2014. Won't get much separation out of breaks when healthy and was smothered by aggressive cornerbacks in 2014. Little to no production in 2014. Scouts concerned about medicals on him.
							
2015	Keith Mumphery	2552420	WR	Michigan St.	NA	Works hard in routes to get defender leaning before break. Gets open and makes himself presentable when play breaks down. Motivated self-starter and team leader. Scouting community and coaching staff effusive about his personal character. Competitive run blocker who understands positioning and is willing to land a blow on safeties in space.
								Twitch just isn't there. Saw playing time diminish over last two years. Struggles to get separation down the field and is forced to make contested catches. Slow into his break and drifts a bit after opening up rather than working back to the ball when necessary. Lacks body control necessary for extended catch radius.
							
2015	Kenny Bell	2552421	WR	Nebraska	NA	Can get on top of cornerbacks quickly and can ramp up acceleration to create enough air space for quarterbacks to target him up top. Has made big catches at big times for Nebraska. Displays concentration and boundary awareness up the field. Has big-play ability that was untapped at times at Nebraska. Shredded with little body fat. Smart player and very well-coached in college. Plus competitiveness when going up to snag a pass against defenders. Ball winner.
								Has some stiffness to his routes. Doesn't get into and out of breaks as cleanly as scouts would like to see. Likely limited to a roll as an outside threat. Thin frame and has struggled at staying on his route when muscled by big corners. Needs to diversify his approach to getting off the line of scrimmage on the next level.
							
2015	Kevin White	2552422	WR	West Virginia	NA	Has desired NFL frame for the position. Goes and gets the ball with consistency. Had issues with drops in 2013 after transferring in from JUCO, but caught everything in sight in 2014. High points the ball. Asked to run more types of routes in 2014 and delivered with increased productivity. Terrific inside release to beat press coverage. Creates separation on crossers and can stop on a dime on hitch routes. Makes defenders work to get him down after the catch. Competes when the ball is in the air. Looks to turn upfield immediately after short catch, running with desire and some power.
								Pigeon-toed and runs heel to toe. Allowed to play in space and must learn to get off line of scrimmage against press coverage. Must answer questions abound about his top-end speed. Wall-off blocker who could use more work in that area. Average wiggle after the catch and relies on effort over suddenness to pick up yards after catch.
							
2015	Levi Norwood	2552423	WR	Baylor	NA	Finds holes in zone coverage and makes himself available to quarterback. Consistent, smooth hands. Fearless over the middle. Has punt-return experience. Tough player and willing to mix it up when run game comes his way. Smart player. Coach's son. Has unique ability to make tacklers miss after the catch with elusive hips rather than foot quickness. Has hidden accelerator when getting north-south after the catch, and we don't always see that accelerator in routes.
								Playing time drastically reduced after losing reps to younger players. Lacks twitch at the top of his route, causing issues with separation against man coverage. Skinny frame. Lacks top-end speed to take the top off. Tends to get lazy with his routes when he knows the throw isn't coming his way. Marginal lateral movement.
							
2015	Phillip Dorsett	2552424	WR	Miami	NA	Takes the top off the defense and throws it in the trash. Elite explosiveness. Gets to top speed quickly and is a seamless glider on crossing routes, leaving man-to-man defenses in his wake. Can work outside and from the slot. Elevates and attacks contested catches. Outstanding body control and can adjust to the ball in mid-air. Mind-boggling big-play production with half of his catches going for 25-plus yards in 2014. More than just a vertical-only receiver and has the blazing feet and stop-start to beat zone coverage for big plays.
								Had partial tear of MCL in 2013. Still raw in his routes, relying on pure speed. Inconsistent with his hand placement to catch and lets the ball get on top of him. Small frame and will have to withstand hits over the middle as a slot receiver.
							
2015	Rashad Greene	2552425	WR	Florida St.	NA	Has the ability to play outside and from the slot and did so in college. Creates leverage with his routes. Plus concentration over the middle and near sidelines. Can get on top of off coverage quickly. Aware of boundaries and usually makes pro catch with two feet down. Silky athlete. Hits accelerator out of breaks, creating separation. Has long speed to make defender pay on missed tackles. Has some elusiveness after the catch. Shows subtle usage of hands to help him get open. Adjusts to poor throws. No wasted motion in his routes. Scouts love his "quiet competitiveness."
								Thin frame. Play strength needs improvement. Not very competitive blocking. Has to get better at using body to shield defender from the ball. Allows cornerbacks to break back on the ball rather than run through him. Hand size and hand strength might be an issue. Had 7 drops his junior year. Must improve at selling all aspects of the routes. Will give routes away -- especially on intermediate throws. Scouts say he makes himself "too small" as a target. Can be outmuscled.
							
2015	Titus Davis	2552426	WR	Central Michigan	NA	Outstanding route runner. Has foot quickness to disorient corners off the line of scrimmage. Can "sell and sink" -- driving defenders vertically before sinking hips and turning quickly for easy completions. Was able to dominate lesser players playing off coverage. Wins at top of his routes with his hips coming out of his stems and finds ball quickly. Plus awareness with feet near sideline and tracks ball over his shoulder like an NFL veteran. Good leaper with outstanding body control. Has ability to adjust to poor throws and make tough catches. Desired football intelligence with understanding of coverages. Sits down in space against zone coverage and weaves through traffic on shallow crossers. Maximizes yards-after-catch opportunity.
								Not a twitch receiver. Can operate in tight spaces, but doesn't have the acceleration to create separation consistently against NFL-caliber cornerbacks. Doesn't eat up cushion quickly. Will be forced to make contested catches as a pro. Played against very marginal secondaries. Despite ability to make tough catches, has more focus drops than expected. Longer corners can get into him in press coverage. Average adjustment to lower throws. Lacks shiftiness to become much of a YAC threat as a pro.
							
2015	Tony Lippett	2552427	WR	Michigan St.	NA	Was the team MVP and finished the 2014 season as both starting wide receiver and starting cornerback. Tall with good feet. Sits down and opens quickly vs. zones. Will adjust to pressure as the window  constricts. Creative, varied release off the line of scrimmage. If he catches on the move, he can eat up turf and YAC with his long legs. Hands-catcher who can outjump and outreach most corners. Confident and accepted the challenge to be great in 2014. As cornerback, targeted eight times for just 13 receiving yards with three passes defensed. Adjusts routes when needed near goal line. Dominated smaller cornerbacks in the red zone. Saw 86.7 percent of his catches go for a first down.
								Struggles with out-cuts. Too much wasted motion at top of his routes when getting to boundaries -- allows cornerbacks a chance to jump route. Play strength is below average as a blocker and downfield receiver. Average shake within routes to get free in small spaces -- needs runway. Does not possess strong hands and will drop passes with heavy contact.
							
2015	Tre McBride	2552428	WR	William & Mary	NA	Good NFL size and physically dominated opponents when the ball was in the air. Makes circus catches look easy and appears fearless in the air. Elite high-point ability with outstanding body control, ball tracking and concentration. Plucks the ball out of the air. Excellent catch radius that saved his quarterback one or two incompletions per game. Will catch in traffic with ability to tuck-in, absorb blow and hang onto ball. Adjusts well to low throws. Competitive runner after the catch. Improved route runner from 2013 to 2014. Adjusts to find open space in zone and has feel for defender. Kick-return ability.
								Rumored to have blazing speed, but doesn't show up on tape. Rarely runs away from defense on vertical routes or after catch. Average acceleration off of release. Rounds off routes and won't get much acceleration out of breaks. Needs to improve selling routes. Balance at top of his routes is inconsistent because he will ride too high into cuts. Scouts say inability to separate is biggest concern for him.
							
2015	Ty Montgomery	2552429	WR	Stanford	NA	Built like a full-grown man. Body type resembles that of a running back with well-defined, muscular legs. Foot quickness to create separation on short to intermediate routes. Played outside, from slot, as a tailback and as a wildcat quarterback. Displays good lateral movement and balance with ball in his hands. Works to be a plus run blocker. Has size and determination to be used to crack-block ends. Good, not great run-after-catch potential. Scouts believe he can be a Pro Bowl returner. Scored four times over last two seasons as a returner. Strong personal character and considered an "accountable teammate" by coaching staff.
								Doesn't display natural wide receiver characteristics. Needs more than just polish with routes and must incorporate route diversity at some point. Averaged just 9.9 yards per catch in 2014. Extremely suspect hands with 16 drops and three fumbles over his last three seasons. Allows throws to get on top of him. Hands lack supple qualities and his catch radius is smaller than desired. His confidence has been questioned by scouting community. His body of work as a receiver hasn't matched his physical potential. Has had only one season of significant touchdown production. Tightly wound with scouts questioning if he's too muscled.
							
2015	Tyler Lockett	2552430	WR	Kansas St.	NA	Good play speed. Has twitch at top of his routes and gets separation for quarterbacks to make open throws. His father was a standout wide receiver at Kansas State and played in the NFL. Intelligent player on field who has clearly learned from his father. Nuanced route runner with ability to sell. Will vary route speed and is proficient with double moves. Scouts say his personal character and football character are top-notch. Has a knack for making explosive plays as a receiver and return man. Steps up his game when matched up against top competition across from him. Likes to block.
								Very slightly built. Struggles with physical cornerbacks and can be redirected in his routes. Press coverage could be an issue for him on the next level. Scouts are concerned that he is too slightly built to be a full-time NFL kick returner. Likely relegated to the slot only in the NFL. Hands are inconsistent in traffic. Top-end speed in question. Got caught from behind more than once.
							
2015	Vince Mayle	2552431	WR	Washington St.	NA	Former basketball player. Has good speed and twitch for a big receiver. Can win in space and has tremendous ability to track the ball over his shoulder on deep throws. Has learned to vary route speed to help with separation on slants. Outstanding physical traits for the position. Sinks hips and sits down on route quickly for a receiver his size. Better acceleration than cornerbacks expect on free release. Can get to top speed quickly and has touchdown catches of 72, 81 and 90 yards over last two seasons. Has the body type to overwhelm small cornerbacks. Fights through initial contact after the catch and will grind out tough yards. Slimmed down entering 2014 and put up big numbers in pass-happy offense.
								Has limited playing experience. Needs to learn to use his hands more effectively against press coverage. Can be held up off release by smaller corners, despite size. Unsound fundamentals as a hands-catcher. Had 13 drops in 2014. Will trap ball against body and struggle with focus drops. Basic route runner at this stage. Below-average separation out of breaks. Predictable releases off snap allow cornerbacks to manipulate his routes. Inconsistent effort as run blocker if he doesn't square defender up. No dynamic traits near line of scrimmage, including after the catch.
							
2015	A.J. Tarpley	2552432	ILB	Stanford	NA	Good football intelligence. Instructional-video quality tackling when he locks on. Stays square and slides from gap to gap stalking runner. Takes good angles chasing wide and is adequate space tackler. Efficient mover with decent hips and feet. Used to spy UCLA QB Brett Hundley. Can cover backs and tight ends. Zone aware. Football runs in his family with father and brother both playing college football. Starter for most of the last four years for physical stop unit.
								Doesn't step downhill. Second-level tackler. Tentative at times waiting for plays to come to him. Doesn't have twitch to explode laterally to widen play radius. Average athlete and straight-line inside backer with limitations to the perimeter. Could use a little more nasty in his game. When linemen get hands on him, he's in trouble. Not a threatening blitzer.
							
2015	Bernard Blake	2552433	CB	Colorado St.	NA	Charges hard after throws in front of him. Tackles through receiver, looking to dislodge the ball. Isn't easily beaten by double moves or sophisticated routes. Adequate mirror and match in man coverage. Showed marked improvement from 2013 to 2014.
								Skinny, with issues holding up in run support. Sloppy technique in disguised press coverage. Lunges, falling off balance and getting behind in the route. Opens up prematurely out of his backpedal. Gets stuck in neutral when forced to transition forward out of backpedal.
							
2015	Bobby McCain	2552434	CB	Memphis	NA	Quick-twitch athlete. Can sky to disrupt at the high point. Pivots, flips hips and accelerates from a standstill. Plus burst to ball. Outstanding instincts and anticipation in off-man and zone coverage. Can click and close to limit yards after catch or make plays on the ball. Plays with soft hands and grabbed 11 interceptions over last two seasons. Makes plays outside of his area. Feisty. Desires to help in run support and doesn't hold back. Fights through average blockers and gets to his target. Wrap-up tackler. Bright eyes on field. Digests combo routes and plays. Played outside and over slot. Was a capable kick returner.
								Lacks desired height and frame to be an outside cornerback. Doesn't seem to trust technique when asked to backpedal and mirror. Mixed bag in press-man coverage. Gets turned and disoriented by outside-in releases. Issues with transition awareness and feel for receiver out of press-man. Lacks confidence with back to ball. Appears to be quicker than fast. Outmuscled by bigger receivers. Gets caught leaning against two-way options from slot.
							
2015	Bryce Callahan	2552435	CB	Rice	NA	Has athleticism to mirror from backpedal. Has hips to transition. Can jam and then turn and follow receivers with some effectiveness. Rarely fooled by double moves and handles combination routes well. Tough and competitive when ball is in the air. Has some ability to drive on the ball.
								Below-average size to play outside. Lacking play strength. Wants to jam at line of scrimmage, but can be knocked off balance too easily. Too easily displaced at top of the route by physical receivers. Appears to lack some desire when supporting the run.
							
2015	Damian Swann	2552436	CB	Georgia	NA	Natural corner who has played and can play all over field. Played in the box in dime package and used as deep safety on a few snaps. Good length pressing and crowding receivers to the sideline. At his best as bump-and-run corner playing inside leverage. Thin but physical in run support. Covered big receivers and tight ends from the slot. Blitzes like a heat-seeking missile.
								Gives away a tremendous cushion in thirds coverage. Has to see it to break on it. Instincts lacking in zone coverage and takes too long to close out receivers. Feet uncooperative at times. Has issues staying wired to receivers making inside releases. Plays at one speed and lacks long speed to recover. Not in position to make interceptions. Had just five interceptions in three years as a starter.
							
2015	Dante Fowler, Jr.	2552437	OLB	Florida	NA	Well-built, athletic frame with very long arms. Has transformed body since coming in, losing 25 pounds while adding substantial explosiveness in space. Versatile -- was moved around field for Gators. Can rush from two- or three-point stance. Good first-step quickness. Uses improving spin move to counter when rush stalls high-side. Can dip and turn corner against upright tackles. Slants inside with devastating quickness. Well-timed arm over to whip lungers. Rangy in pursuit. Has hips and feet to change direction seamlessly. Can chase play-side running back to sideline and terminate with very little angle. Length to stifle cut blocks. Strong hands and arm extension to set edge and maintain.
								Bounced all over the field. Raw pass rusher. Still learning nuances of the position. Needs more coordination between hands and feet. Pass-rush approach lacks efficiency and includes too much wasted motion. Expected "speed-to-power" conversion inconsistent on tape. Tackles with length can lock him out and run him over the top. Average lower-body strength with limited window to fend off power. Limited recovery talent when beaten early in snap. Inconsistency against downhill running game is a concern.
							
2015	David Parry	2552438	NT	Stanford	NA	Stocky, powerful frame. Former walk-on who plays with a chip on his shoulder. Explodes out of stance and into linemen with force. Always the low man and has the pure power to withstand double teams. Power to two-gap with underrated short-area quickness to penetrate. Uses play strength and leverage to balance against and overwhelm redirect attempts when he gets on lineman's edge. Active hands and above average at unlocking and discarding when ready to tackle. Active pass rusher from interior. Understands how to run twist game up front. Collapses pockets with bull-rush when single blocked and has short-area movement and power to create as a rusher.
								Needs more pure girth in order to hold up to NFL double teams. Questions about whether frame is maxed out. Short, stubby arms and legs. Can be disrupted by length of tall guards on down blocks. Loses juice when his pass rush gets fanned wide. Plays unfold just a shade out of his limited reach. Get-off just okay. Can be limited when he's not first to the punch. Played just 49 percent of the snaps this season.
							
2015	Dean Marlowe	2552439	FS	James Madison	NA	Versatile. Played deep, from slot and in box. Very aggressive with desire to hit in open field. Has ability to play deep in a shell. Willing run supporter who recognizes and comes charging in. Plays high to low quickly and looks for work. Solid tackler who generally plays run with proper leverage. Takes good angles to the ball. Will come across the field to make a play and is consistent in pursuit.
								Lanky on the hoof. Play speed lacking. Limited recovery speed and missing a second gear. Poor technique in coverage. Plays upright and plays with hands in coverage rather than using his feet. Issues with mirror and match in man coverage. Has poor feel throughout route and will lose track of receiver. Overmatched against quality slot receivers. Below-average awareness and ball skills. Stayed glued to blocks against Maryland when defending bubble screens.
							
2015	Doran Grant	2552440	CB	Ohio St.	NA	Bends with adequate base in press and able to delay inexperienced receivers with his hands. Has adequate acceleration to the throw, slapping and ripping at hands and arms during catch. Intelligent on field. Rarely fooled by route concepts. Zone aware and maintains leverage. Senses screens and flies in looking for work. Active in run support and won't miss many once he's there. Aggressively chops down running backs.
								Small to play outside. Can be overpowered by big receivers. Feet and hips can get clunky when asked to open and run out of press. Lacking speed to stick with true vertical threats. Must improve feel and contact with wide receivers on crossers. Allows too much separation when forced to chase across field. Upright, tight backpedal, stalling at the top when transitioning forward.
							
2015	Edmond Robinson	2552441	OLB	Newberry	NA	Freakishly long with a frame that could easily add much more weight and muscle. Played over tight end against run teams, matched up on slot receivers and even rotated back to safety on a couple of snaps. Good initial quickness and ability to engulf his targets when tackling. Good pursuit laterally.
								Looks like a praying mantis on tape -- almost all legs. Excelled but didn't dominate against lower level of competition. Play strength is nowhere near ready as a linebacker prospect. Needs weight work and mass and needs to learn to use his length to keep blockers off of him.
							
2015	Gerod Holliman	2552442	FS	Louisville	NA	Outstanding production and ball skills as a one-year starter. Totaled 17 passes defensed and 14 interceptions. Lights up when quarterbacks look his way. Smooth backpedal and fluid hips to mirror and match slot receivers. Instincts and angles to play the ball are at the top of the draft class. Understands route concepts and reads quarterbacks. Chance taker who can swing momentum. In man, undercuts routes and plays the ball. Senses when quarterbacks lock in and will leave his area looking for the interception. Aggression level ratchets up when ball is in the air. Can run through receivers with big hits or play ball at catch point. Soft hands and able to high point when necessary. Shows zero transitional hesitation with feet. Can play with sudden movements in space. Read Florida State QB Jameis Winston like a book and picked him twice in 2014.
								One-year wonder. Discipline needed for the position goes missing. Can be moved around field by quarterbacks looking him off. Will lose inside-out leverage on plays headed to perimeter. Sits on play-action a shade too long. Shows lack of urgency in long pursuit. Atrocious tackler. Would rather hit than tackle. Doesn't wrap up and gives limited effort. Had 44 total tackles with 20 missed and/or broken tackles, which was the worst ratio for an FBS starter. Slow to break down in space and lacks balance and base when tackling. Doesn't always play at full speed or with max effort. Gives half-hearted attempt as high-to-low blitzer.
							
2015	Kevin White	2552443	CB	TCU	NA	Cover corner who was usually matched up with the opponent's best receiver. Able to stay on top of receivers with size. Blanketed possession receivers. Gets out of backpedal well and drives on the ball. Plus ball skills. Looks to get an arm inside a receiver's frame and dig the ball out. Can play on special teams.
								Stiff hips stall and slow him when opening to run. Struggles to stay with quick, darting wide receivers, giving away substantial separation underneath. Beaten all game long by Tyler Lockett from Kansas State. Doesn't consistently process combination routes. Lacks play strength to redirect at line of scrimmage. Smallish cornerback with short arms. Can get overmatched when disengaging from blocks and tackling.
							
2015	Leterrius Walton	2552444	DT	Central Michigan	NA	Ascending player. Former offensive lineman who has shown improvement with each passing season. Big man who flashes talent to penetrate and can win with explosive get-off. Good athlete for a big, inside player. Quick hands that should become more explosive with work. Will cruise down the line chasing run plays. Discipline in pass rush and maintains lane integrity.
								Upper body could use more mass. Plays with pads too tall, which hurts his ability to brace against double teams. Limited pass rusher with inability to get consistent pocket push or to finish. Can't come off of blocks and get to tackles with any consistency at this time. Must improve his use of hands and overall arm extension in order to control line of scrimmage and play to his size.
							
2015	Mario Edwards, Jr.	2552445	DT	Florida St.	NA	Scheme versatile. Can play base end or defensive tackle in a 4-3 (depending on weight) or as a 3-4 defensive end. Has thick bubble and legs. Comes off snap with decent power. Can brace and anchor at point of attack. Flashes upper-body strength to press and lock out tackles. Above-average closing burst as tackle. Strength to leverage and toss blockers when motivated.
								Ineffective as pass rusher. Played some stand-up defensive end in college and showed no explosiveness off snap. Play speed and fire go missing from pass rush. Hand usage is hit or miss and appears to lack power with hands. Inconsistent getting arm extension, limiting ability to control and dominate a snap. Too involved in hand fighting and plays through a straw, losing sight of ball carrier.
							
2015	Randy Gregory	2552446	OLB	Nebraska	NA	Tall with long levers and a lean, sinewy build. Batted down four passes in 2014. Stronger than expected at point of attack. Able to lock out and stay square against big offensive tackles and can whip most tight ends. Unhinges and gets tentacles on running backs bursting through gap. Room for more thickness on long frame. Competitive and shows toughness against run. Can chase and limit outside runs with speed. Secondary motor to stay in hunt downfield as tackler. Explosive hips. Gets instant change of direction to hound quarterbacks in play-action. Played standing up and with hand in ground. Rushed occasionally from ILB spot. Stride and second gear for quick close. Has bend and hips to convert speed to power. Showed improved timing and understanding of how to set up inside pass-rush move as season progressed. Hands are a blur. Explosive play traits to overwhelm technically deficient tackles. Can counter and recover from cut blocks. Flashes plus hand-feet coordination. As blitzer from ILB, will coil and explode into guard on contact step. More than tough enough. Willing to take on pulling guards with low pad level and aggressive pop.
								Thin through trunk and will play with a narrow base, causing balance issues. Almost always last player out of his stance at snap. Technique and feel as pass rusher lacking at this point. Thinks rather than plays. Takes occasional false steps as stand-up rusher. Time-waster. Too much time stutter-stepping tackles rather than exploding upfield. Fails to stress the high side of tackles to get them rocking. Makes it too easy for tackles to quick-set him. Plays man in front of him rather than "seeing through" to quarterback. Lacks creativity as rusher. Gets punched with his shoulders still squared rather than on an angle, which robs ability to turn edge. Doesn't process what he sees very quickly. Marginal play strength in pass rush and can be redirected. Was manhandled by Wisconsin blockers on two long touchdown runs by Melvin Gordon.
							
2015	Shaq Thompson	2552447	OLB	Washington	NA	Unmatched diversity in this year's draft. Played outside and inside as a linebacker and took snaps at safety against Stanford. Gained 456 yards rushing, averaging 7.5 yards per carry. Long, with athleticism and movement of running back playing linebacker. Like a magnet to the ball while pursuing in space. Second gear to finish the chase. Wins over top of second-level linemen. Can sink and search for cutback lanes as back-side defender against stretch plays. Glides laterally from gap to gap when playing inside. Reads the quarterback's eyes and shades the throwing lane as zone defender. Transitions easily from pursuit to coverage against play-action. Can cover running backs out of backfield. Instinctive with plus vision and twitch to make the big play. Scored four defensive touchdowns and forced three fumbles in 2014. Frequently attempts to strip ball. Fluid enough in space that safety could be a position consideration for the right team. Can be used as emergency No. 3 running back on game day. Had 19 tackles on special teams over last two seasons in kick and punt coverage. Football intelligence to process offensive and defensive playbooks. Strong work ethic and team-oriented player.
								Scouts question his natural NFL fit. Needs more mass on his frame. Played under listed weight at times. Aggressive, but lacks the play strength to back up his intentions near the line of scrimmage. Fails to consistently leverage his gap when forced inside box. Too easily redirected as blitzer. Gets blasted out of gaps by pulling guards. Must develop hands to keep linemen off of him and improve at slipping blocks. Not fully utilizing explosiveness. Fails to fire downhill and attack on the other side of the line. Ducks head into contact and will lose sight of the ball. Shoulder hitter in space rather than wrap-up tackler. Motor lets up at times when pace quickens.
							
2015	Trae Waynes	2552448	CB	Michigan St.	NA	Good length. Loves to compete in man-to-man and is mentally tough. Asked to play on an island and did so successfully. Allowed just two touchdowns over last two seasons. Bump-and-run specialist. Recovery speed to make up for separation. Maintains feel for vertical threats and uses his frame to pin wideouts against sideline. Excels in deep, man coverage and can be smothering. Acceleration and length to contest any throw on the field. Well-coached and plays with proper leverage in coverage. Can be intimidating and disruptive against finesse receivers. Drives forward with burst and runs through targets, jarring balls loose. Wrap-up tackler who understands his responsibility against the run.
								"Grab, grab, grab!" Transition to a less hands-on cover style will take time. Would grab opposing wide receivers at top of route at times rather than trusting length and ball skills. Penalized nine times over last two seasons. Tight through hips and tends to play upright. Struggles to mirror and match against quickness. Hips and feet get clumsy in transition. Allows brief separation window at the top of short and intermediate routes. Fails to sink hips to stop, causing balance issues. Sometimes plays with blinders on and anticipation is below average. Slow to process combinations.
							
2015	Tye Smith	2552449	CB	Towson	NA	Shows some closing speed. Good awareness in zone coverage, with length to challenge the catch. Will hit open-field receiver with some force. Hard worker. Brings competitive attitude to the field.
								Looks rail thin in the uniform. Skinny through entire lower body. No sand in his pants to take on physical wide receivers. Complete non-factor tackling size on perimeter. Play strength is a major issue for him. A little sloppy opening up out of press.
							
2015	Xavier Williams	2552450	DT	Northern Iowa	NA	Former wrestler who plays with low center of gravity and displays natural strength and leverage. Plays with consistent effort level and dominated a lower level of competition. Tough guy. Plays with a strong base and can absorb and withstand double teams without giving up much ground. Tenacious pass rusher who fights hard to get to quarterback.
								As a pass rusher, stays centered to offensive linemen and doesn't get to the edge often enough. Slow to react off snap, causing him to get hung up against zone blocks. Wasn't able to step his game up when taking on tougher competition. Nothing special about athleticism or burst off snap.
							
2015	Shane Ray	2552451	DE	Missouri	NA	Explosive athlete in every sense. Has elite power for his size and explodes off the line like a coiled spring. Rushes passer with extreme passion and purpose. Has fast, violent hands with advanced understanding of how to use them. Tough and plays with bad intentions on each snap. Uses rip to get under linemen and out-leverage them. Played 4-3 defensive right end in base but rushed from three-technique in some sub-packages. Once he gets to blocker's edge, they struggle to recover and redirect. Rare ability to post inside leg and get his body turned sharply and quickly around it toward quarterback. Excellent change-of-direction talent. Has natural coordination of head fakes, footwork and hand usage in pass rush. Works hard to stand his ground against power. Has power in upper body and hips to punch and dispatch with tight ends against run. Rarely runs past the arc as a rusher and will fight to come back underneath if he gets on the high side. Was able to drop into space with no issues when asked.
								Lacks ideal length as an outside rusher. At times was engulfed and glued to the bigger tackles he faced. Can get too focused on hand fighting if he doesn't win with hands early in pass rush. Will occasionally stunt himself out of a play, opening up running lane. If rushing from inside, must learn to set up teammates when running "T/E" (tackle first, end under) twists. Relies on arm-over inside and slap/rip outside -- needs more variety to pass rush.
							
2015	Ereck Flowers	2552452	OT	Miami	NA	Big, athletic frame carrying more than 320 pounds with ease. Ascending mauler in the run game. Bender who is low man off snap and pops hips into block to leverage defender at the point. Combines hips, arm extension and upper-body power to consistently turn his man when base blocking. Once he gets upper hand in run game, he usually sustains and finishes. Secures combo block with a vengeance. Has feet to become solid zone blocker. Mean and highly competitive. Wants to dominate and gets surly when beaten on a snap. Special foot quickness in pass protection. Able to mirror and counter two-way rushers or B-gap blitzers. Uses quick feet and loose hips to turn, scramble and recover when beaten. Pass-set depth and technique improved as year progressed. Has played both tackle positions.
								Pass protection needs plenty of work. Footwork gets sloppy and undisciplined, causing base to narrow. Ducks head into contact and is a leaner in pass pro, creating balance problems. Rarely flat-footed upon initial hand contact. Throws hands rather than firing authoritative punch. Hands ride too high and too wide. Content to become grabby around framework of defender. Flagged for six holding penalties over last two seasons. Slow to secure and climb on combo blocks and is often lacking balance on the way to target. Doesn't bring feet under him to sustain second-level blocks. Knocked off balance by smaller pass rushers due to poor balance.
							
2015	Tevin Coleman	2552453	RB	Indiana	NA	Decisive north-south runner. Outstanding three-step burst into second level. Fearless between the tackles. Has dangerous jump-cut to instantly change gaps and ruin the plans of linebackers. Stays square to the line and is always in ready position to hit turbo. Fluid and flexible lower body with elite one-cut ability and natural change-of-direction talent without gearing down. Power in legs to slice through arm tackles and uses free hand as quality stiff-arm. Violent run finisher. Will duck shoulder and throw heavy forearm into tackler to prove a point. Not a content runner -- keeps feet moving after contact and won't give in. Capable hands out of backfield and willing to square up and engage pass rushers on pass plays. Hits top speed so quickly that safeties and linebackers repeatedly take poor angles, leading to long touchdowns. Half of his 28 career rushing touchdowns were of 43-plus yards, including eight of 64-plus yards.
								Treats every carry like a sprint. Must improve run tempo and patience on stretch plays. Has to learn when to keep run play-side and improve patience so he allows back-side cutback lanes to develop. Can improve out of backfield. Wasn't always in position to scan defense on screen passes, resulting in lost yardage. Pad level often a little high into contact.
							
2015	Landon Collins	2552454	SS	Alabama	NA	Thick safety with a no-nonsense demeanor typical of a Nick Saban-coached player. Decisive against the run. Gets high to low quickly and is all over the ball. Leverages running backs to sideline and keeps contain. A true sheriff against the run. Tracks and stalks ball carriers with patience. Hits the gas and explodes into his tackles with purpose. Feet are under him and balanced when ready to strike. Aggressive and tough with a desire to intimidate. Disciplined eyes -- is not easily moved around field by quarterbacks. Wrap-up tackler. Physical enough to match up against tight ends and has the feet to carry big, slot targets. Transitions to throws quickly in zone coverage and limits yards after catch. Finds and tracks ball and times his leaps well. Aggressive in playing the ball and disrupts the catch with his physicality. Core special-teams player.
								Average hands. Dropped easy interceptions against Texas A&M and Arkansas. Looked much quicker in 2013 than he did in 2014. Can be beaten in a foot race. Average recovery speed. Sometimes shows too much confidence in recovery speed. Gets caught peeking into backfield and can be beaten over the top after a late jump. Inconsistent route recognition. Beaten for game-tying and game-winning touchdowns by Ole Miss. Shows some hip stiffness when asked to open up and run. Might be carrying too much bulk.
							
2015	Andrus Peat	2552455	OT	Stanford	NA	Tall with a thick lower body and well-proportioned frame. Has good knee bend and movement for a power player. Shows some bounce in his feet. Gains plenty of ground on kick slide but keeps his weight under him. Able to transition from pass set to power step inside to close down inside moves. Hand placement generally good in run and pass. Plays with a strong, wide base. Above-average understanding of protections. Instinctive against twists and reacts quickly to them. Able to drop his anchor in pass protection. Powerful drive blocker with explosive hips. Plays with leverage and leg drive to mow down overmatched defenders. Punishes defensive tackles when asked to secure with a down-block. Once he locks out, has the anchor and power to end his opponent's chances.
								Left tackle displaying some edge fear. Technique breaks down when facing wide rushers with juice off the snap. Opens up prematurely and turns into a lunger. Waist-bender. Will lead with head and hands, hoping to land a strike and engulf the edge speed. Needs to improve angle of pass sets against speed. Has direction-change issues when moving in space. Gets stuck to first block too long, allowing second-level target to escape over top. Has issues with sustaining blocks on second level and doesn't always work feet to improve positioning when blocking laterally.
							
2015	Cameron Clemmons	2552456	OT	Western Kentucky	NA	Displays some athletic movement and decent movement in space. Processes assignments and reacts adequately to stunts and blitzes. Has room for more bulk.
								Disappointing motor in-play. Plays straight-legged and can be walked back into quarterback. Foot shuffler with narrow base and limited punch in pass pro. Generates little to no power against decent strength opposite him.
							
2015	Deon Long	2552457	WR	Maryland	NA	Good foot quickness. Hits top speed quickly. Gets desired release off the line of scrimmage. Has strong hands. Attacks the ball and can make contested catches. Adjusts to the ball mid-air and finishes the catch. Survivor. Spent time at three FBS schools, a junior college and missed 2013 with a broken leg. Scouts like the talent and say production was hurt by quarterback play in 2014.
								Has below-average long speed for "X" receiver. Lack of consistent effort and desire as a run blocker. Gets only average separation at top of routes. Hand usage needs work both off the line and into routes. Coaches have questioned his practice habits and maturity in the past. Must prove he wants to put in work in film room and on practice field. Turns 24 this summer.
							
2015	Devin Funchess	2552458	WR	Michigan	NA	Big receiver with the ability to mismatch corners in the red zone. Long legs that can cover ground in a straight line. Transitions smoothly from catch to run. Has build-up speed to factor on run-after-catch crossers. Fluid hips for size. Uses size to defeat press coverage. Good body control and length to go get high throws that few can snag. Physical with "separating hands" at the top of the route. Smooth in intermediate routes and can earn a living in that area of the field.
								Pass-catching is labored. Allows throws into his frame and catches back half of football at times. Tagged with 20 drops over last three seasons. Isn't a lock to high-point a throw and doesn't attack throws. Won't win enough 50/50 throws. Stifled by inconsistent passing attack. Tends to show monotone, one-note play speed. Hard to find a second gear on tape. Gears down into cuts and slow to accelerate out of breaks.
							
2015	Devin Smith	2552459	WR	Ohio St.	NA	Smooth speed merchant with instant gas off the line. Has outstanding body composure and an effortless stride. Electrifying foot quickness. Game-breaking speed with necessary feel of a downfield receiver. Tracks the throw over his shoulder and never breaks stride in the chase. Averaged 28.2 yards per catch and 54.5 percent of his catches were for 25-plus yards in 2014. Used outside and from slot. Must be matched by speed on defense or with safety over the top. Uses shoulder dip from inside release to avoid being redirected by slot corner. Speed creates uncontested targets for him underneath. Can snap off dig routes and open immediately. Good luck giving chase to Smith on a crosser or speed-out in the red zone. Might have been the best gunner in college football.
								Lacks natural, soft hands. Will double catch and corral throws into body. Tries to catch, turn and run before securing the throw. Shows a lack of patience in his routes. Game too heavily reliant upon speed. Must learn to be effective when deep ball is restricted by defense. Thin hips and frame. Play strength is below average. Can be frustrated by physical corners. Gets jostled and distracted when bodied hard down the field. Desire lacking as run blocker. Often taken off field and replaced when Buckeyes wanted to run out of "11" personnel.
							
2015	Donovan Smith	2552460	OG	Penn St.	NA	Plays with good functional strength. Plus leg strength and can drive defender off the spot. Uses adequate footwork in run game to go with powerful base. Has desired pad level and bend in pass protection and his initial sets are above average. Plays with good pace on play-side zone plays, which bodes well if he kicks inside.
								Athleticism lacking to play tackle. Struggles to change direction against pass rushers. Can recognize stunts but is very slow to react to them. Ability to recover when beaten is lacking. Poor hand usage in run and pass blocking. Plays with hands too low and a weak, ineffective punch in pass protection. Must improve as a block-finisher. Poor contact balance and overall strike effectiveness on second level.
							
2015	Duke Johnson	2552461	RB	Miami	NA	Explosive burst and plays with suddenness. Elusive in tight quarters. Has lightning in his feet. Has hips and feet to stop and start without stalling. Rare ability on stretch plays to hit cutback lanes that other backs can't get to. Runs with patience and a well-timed burst. Has great feel as zone-scheme, one-cut runner. Changes direction without breaking stride. Courageous runner. Shows no fear when getting downhill. Strong-willed competitor with toughness. Has second gear around the corner and can erase the angles. Gets small(er) through the hole and runs behind pads. Fights through arm tackles. Regroups and balances himself after initial contact. Reads and sets up routes and adjusts to poorly thrown balls.
								Average inside runner, where feel and instincts are concerned. Vision fails him at times when running between the tackles. Won't always see initial hole and will mash turbo button, hoping to power through to second level. At times unwilling to do dirty work in pass protection. Looks for cut blocks rather than squaring up and playing with technique and toughness. Tries to run to daylight once in open field rather than just finishing runs. Hampered by injuries in 2014 and broke his ankle in 2013. Medicals will be combed over. Must improve ball security after fumbling six times over last two seasons.
							
2015	Gerald Christian	2552462	TE	Louisville	NA	Good athlete. Gets into routes quickly. Keeps feet under him and plays with balance and desired play strength as a target. Turns out of breaks ready to make catches. Good arm length with really large hands. Has plus concentration to catch in tight windows and with limbs flailing around him. Adjusted well and made catches on several poorly thrown balls in 2014. Reads coverages. Plays with intelligence. Capable runner after catch and lowers boom on cornerbacks. Decent down blocker and finds his second level targets as an H-back blocker. Used all over the field.
								Not a big target. Stiff hips. Rounds routes off and is upright through the route. Will sit and wait on throw rather than working back to ball when window is constricting. Functional strength as a blocker must improve. Can't generate much movement and could be limited as in-line tight end. Hip tightness contributes to lack of leverage as blocker. Poor technique as pass protector.
							
2015	Jaelen Strong	2552463	WR	Arizona State	NA	Good combination of height, weight and arm length for the position. Former high school basketball player who knows how to keep defenders on his hip. Drives back to the ball from top of the route. Adjusts routes in space. Developed nifty inside release to defeat press. Comfortable from slot, using varying route tempo for separation. Tracks ball well. Good strength in hands and makes contested catches. Decent leaper who will climb the ladder for a catch or sink and secure low throw. Strong lower body and physical after catch. Sun Devils used him frequently on shallow crossers, bubble screens and hitches.
								Still raw and learning to play the position. Allows too many throws into his frame and ball will beat him up at times on crossers. Not twitchy or sudden as an athlete. Long-strider who takes a while to build up speed. Play speed average at best. Rarely gets separation deep against man-to-man. Routes need improvement. Forced to make a substantial amount of contested throws. Corners don't fear his speed and are able to sit on underneath throws.
							
2015	Jalston Fowler	2552464	FB	Alabama	NA	Has desired size. Made transition from running back to fullback. Willing iso-blocker. Flashes ability to rock linebackers. Has been used as a move fullback and can catch out of the backfield. Sifts through the masses and finds his responsibility in pass protection. Good body control and vision. Makes reads on stretch plays and finds his target. Can get rush yards that other fullbacks can't.
								Shoulder-blocker. One-hitter. Needs to get hands involved more often in order to sustain. Doesn't run through blocks and tends to gather, then strike. Not a hammerhead. Doesn't consistently generate explosive hits/push in short yardage. Has some pop behind his pads, but doesn't use it properly.
							
2015	John Crockett	2552465	RB	North Dakota St.	Nicknamed "Taz" after the Tasmanian Devil due to his non-stop movement.	Played in pro-style attack. Patient runner. Has feel for the hole and a sense of timing on when to burst. High school high-jumper. Has hip explosion and enough suddenness to shake a downhill safety and long speed to finish with a big play. Impressive feet that jump cut, side step and reset with ease. Can make tight moves. Proved to be dangerous out of the backfield. Consistent production while playing for a consistent winner. Tenacious, with strong desire to succeed. Big personality with loads of confidence.
								Runs upright through the hole. Play strength below average for listed weight. Doesn't generate power in legs and fails to break many tackles. Willing blocker but struggles to anchor in pass protection. Pad level and lack of strong base could cause him to take bigger hits than most runners. Worked hard in 2014 -- coming off of a 398-touch season in 16 starts.
							
2015	Marcus Mariota	2552466	QB	Oregon	NA	Quick-twitch quarterback. Rare straight-line speed for the position. Defenses must account for ability outside the pocket. Asked to handle more each season by Ducks coaches and delivered consistent production. Stands tall in pocket with three-quarter delivery and quiet release. Keen sense of where trouble lurks and almost never gets baited into a dangerous throw. Threw multiple interceptions in a game just three times over 41 career starts. Adequate accuracy and ball placement from the pocket. Able to make off-balance, difficult throws. Can uncork throws quickly and without resetting feet when necessary. Can climb the pocket and deliver strikes when he trusts the edges of his protection. Silky smooth when asked to roll out and delivers on time with sound mechanics. Has balance and feet to escape collapsing pocket and will look to strike through the air rather than just bolting as a runner. Size, speed and enough skill to eat in the red zone. Considered extremely coachable by scouts, who also love his willingness to play hurt. Very humble and leads by example. Family and heritage are extremely important to him.
								Benefits from an offense that is predicated on simplified reads. Offense able to create wide-open receivers after busted coverages at times. Needs to improve resetting feet when maneuvering pocket to improve accuracy and power. Tends to "see" pass rush too often. Will drop eyes and look to escape pocket rather than stepping to available pocket space. Frequent trips outside pocket increase opportunity for injury. Pocket feel is very average. Stepped into sacks he had no business taking. Didn't have to throw to tight windows often. Average processor on field. Still learning when to get rid of the ball and move to next play. Slow to make anticipatory throws and can improve patience in allowing combo routes to mature rather than rushing the read. Missed obvious pre-snap blitzes. Drive accuracy needs work. When cutting it loose, ball tends to sail on him a bit. Arm strength is adequate but inconsistent to field side. Needs to bring hips through throws to increase zip into tight windows in NFL. Fumbled 27 times during his career.
							
2015	Mark Glowinski	2552467	OG	West Virginia	NA	Loves to hit the weights. Generates power from his upper body and can get quick wins against weaker interior defenders. Coaches rave about his competitiveness and toughness. Has feet of a former tackle. Smooth skip-pull over the center. Clean pass set out to target and punches with flat feet. Instinctive and aware. Good radar when blocking in space. Consistent with hand placement in run and pass games.
								Too often a catcher rather than puncher in pass pro. Hands need more fire and quickness to target. Too tall in pass-pro setup. Shows some stiffness in lower body. When he loses leverage at point of attack, he becomes an upper body wrestler. Inconsistent timing on climb to second level. Has a bad habit of allowing base to narrow.
							
2015	Maxx Williams	2552468	TE	Minnesota	NA	Primarily used as move tight end. Straight-line wheels to beat linebackers and safeties. Accelerates to top speed quickly on crossers and speed outs. Speed to chew up cushion and open a throwing window over the top. Will threaten seam and dominated defenders on wheel routes. Red-zone winner. Can do damage after the catch and shows playmaking aptitude with tight end screens. Extends and goes all out for the catch. Got a foot inbounds on three circus catches. Eighty-two percent of his catches were for either a first down or touchdown. Not easily redirected out of release. Honest effort to stay engaged when base blocking.
								Body is a little soft and could use additional weight work to handle NFL hits. Runs upright, rounded routes that lack salesmanship and shake. Leans into breaks, tipping his hand and bringing tighter coverage. Hip tightness stymies ability to sink and cut crisply. Needs to do better job over deep middle of using frame to shield throw from safeties. Won't generate push as an in-line blocker and has limited feel and instincts as a move blocker. Will need route work to create separation on the next level.
							
2015	Melvin Gordon	2552469	RB	Wisconsin	NA	Tall, leggy running back with shredded physique. Transitions run from inside to outside without losing any speed. Can cover five yards in two strides when fully unlocked in open field. Impressive 20-yard burst, creating space to hit the big runs. Averaged 7.6 yards per carry over last two seasons. Had 40 runs for 15-plus yards in 2014. Shifty in open field without having to hesitate. Uses jump-cut at line of scrimmage to change gaps and avoid tacklers. Has an effective spin move to make defenders miss in open field. Great agility and plus balance hurdling opponents diving at his legs. Feet keep moving in tight spaces, probing for daylight. Able to consistently beat college defenders to flank. Loves to run over the tackles. Shows ability to create for himself and has burst and agility to turn small gain into big one. Improved as a pass-catcher over second half of the 2014 season.
								Desires to bounce runs wide too often. Not as trusting of blocking from B-gap to B-gap. Held to "stuffs" -- runs resulting in no yards or a loss -- on 19.2 percent of his carries. Feel and instincts as interior runner need improvement. Shows indecisiveness as one-cut runner. Would gear down and stutter-step to line, waiting for crease to show itself rather than adjusting on fly and taking what was available. Play strength through hole was only average. Used speed over strength to create many missed or broken tackles. Benefited from gaping running lanes. Ball security was an issue. Fumbled six times over his final five games, often being stripped while finishing run. Uncomfortable pass-catcher with marginal hands. Either dropped, double caught or smothered many throws. Pass protection needs work. Might have to come off field on third downs.
							
2015	Sammie Coates	2552470	WR	Auburn	NA	Looks the part. Long legs with well-proportioned frame. Outstanding combination of size and speed. Good acceleration off the snap for a receiver with his length. Can take top off defense and open up the underneath. Will beat bold cornerbacks over the top if they wait to turn and run. Forces cornerbacks onto their heels and gets easy, open looks on dig routes. Makes easy in-cut with maximum separation. Ability to win big plays vertically. Saved best performances for big games. Put 206 yards and two touchdowns on Alabama in 2014.
								Won't be on quarterback's Christmas card list. Wasn't always on same page with Auburn QB Nick Marshall. Unreliable target. Inexplicable focus drops in all areas of the field. Doesn't play with extended catch radius. Had a drop rate of 19.1 percent. Vertical receiver without vertical feel. Inconsistent play speed. Will gear down too easily on deep routes, turning catchable touchdowns into "overthrows." Suspect ball tracking. Must improve at using body to ward off defenders. Inconsistent with contested catches. Stiff hips and limited route runner. Slow to gather and turn it upfield on catch-and-runs.
							
2015	T.J. Yeldon	2552471	RB	Alabama	NA	Has good size with room on his frame to add more bulk. Exceptional hips and foot quickness, using both to weave and dart through the trash between tackles. Quick, decisive reads on zone plays. Has ankle flexion to dip, one-cut and burst through second level and into the third. Creative runner showing innate feel for running lanes. Anticipates creases that are developing and makes himself skinny to squeeze through. Effortless lateral movement. Can make tacklers miss and change tackle angles in confined quarters. Above average out of backfield and after the catch. Productive when playing through pain.
								Upright runner in space, opening himself and the ball up to big hits. Pad level too high at point of collision. Mediocre power for size. Doesn't push the pile and won't run through many tackles. Pass protection lacking. Throws shoulder at pass rusher rather than squaring up and taking on with good posture. Tends to bounce and juke a little too long at the second level. Must improve ball security after fumbling 10 times over 576 career carries.
							
2015	Taylor Heinicke	2552472	QB	Old Dominion	NA	Shows above-average poise. Has a feel for pocket. Climbs the pocket with bouncing, controlled footwork and creates more favorable passing lanes. Accurate passer when given time to throw and uses anticipation and timing to overcome poor arm strength. Flashes patience as a quarterback. Allows routes to develop and knows where he wants to attack. Willing to stand and deliver with impending hit coming.
								Short with small frame. Below-average arm strength with slow release. Syrupy slow set-up in pocket. Must throw with timing rather than to windows. Struggles to improvise and needs plays to stay on schedule. Short-armed deep balls, leading to interceptions. Production marred by receiving corps with hands of stone. Had four multi-interception games in 2014, including games of four and three.
							
2015	Fritz Etienne	2552473	SS	Memphis	NA	Well-proportioned with a frame to add more muscle. Played defensive end and linebacker in high school, and brings that toughness to the field. Physical and confident when playing downhill. No interest in arm tackling and tries to finish with some force. Called "highly intelligent" by his head coach. Digested defensive concepts in short period of time. Consistently contained against run and squeezed it back inside. Crowded tight ends on crossers underneath. 
								Disaster waiting to happen in man coverage. At times, sits in off coverage, refusing to move, and grabs receiver once receiver is on top of him. Instincts missing. Gets caught taking pictures in play-action, shirking deep coverage help. Inadequate deep speed and athleticism to be a factor in space. Torn ACL cost him 2012. One-year starter.
							
2015	Taylor Kelly	2552474	QB	Arizona State	NA	Has a tight, quick release. Will put some pace on the ball and and fit it into tight windows near the end zone. Able to throw deep ball with touch and adequate accuracy. Mobile and productive as a runner, racking up 1,380 rushing yards and 13 touchdowns as a starter. Understood his role and stayed within himself. Productive three-year starter with leadership qualities.
								Completion percentage plummeted over last two seasons. Missed three games in 2014 after injuring foot. Below-average poise from pocket. Suspect internal clock and will take a sack rather than throwing ball away. Balance as a passer and decision making dipped sharply at times. Inconsistent ball placement when throwing to targets on move and drive accuracy was an issue after foot injury. Below-average anticipation.
							
2015	Todd Gurley	2552475	RB	Georgia	NA	Rare blend of speed and power. Immense power in legs and shows balance through contact. Shreds arm tackles and has speed to house it. Very hard to tackle on an angle. Professional, decisive runner. Presses line of scrimmage to set up his cut-back runs. Gets downhill with knee bend and forward lean, staying small through the hole. Uses quick, tight steps to second level. Will sink and explode into tackler or side-step and jet, causing hesitation in downhill safeties with their approach. Converts "speed to power" between tackles and around corner. Rarely looks to run out of bounds and finishes his runs. Able to factor out of the backfield with soft hands and ability to adjust to throws. In 2014, churned out an amazing 61.9 percent of his rushing yardage after contact. Strong hands and carries ball tight to his body. Only three fumbles in 510 carries.
								Missed three games in 2013 due to ankle injury and tore his ACL in 2014. Questions about whether he'll return back to his play speed are a big concern. Vision is average. Still gaining feel as a zone runner. Too locked into looking for cutback lanes when play-side run is open. Can get better at setting up blockers in space. Average creativity in tight quarters. Patience and tempo as a runner can improve. Quick passing attack limited his protection opportunities but was very average when given the shot.
							
2015	Kenny Hilliard	2552476	RB	LSU	NA	Decent top-end speed and can catch the ball well out of the backfield. Finds open spaces in passing game and sets up blocks after the catch. Doesn't dance to the line and finishes off runs falling forward. Play speed is adequate but could improve if carrying less weight.
								Doesn't show feel to create if initial running lane is restricted. Burst is absent out of breaks or cuts. Can't shake defender on second level or in open space. Isn't very difficult to bring down for a back his size. Effort to fool defense on play fakes is substandard. Poor technique in pass protection -- lunger with ducked head.
							
2015	Aaron Ripkowski	2552477	FB	Oklahoma	NA	Outstanding size. Knows he is in to be a hammerhead for Sooners' rushing attack and takes great pride in that. Carries good speed and knee bend to his target. Drops low and explodes into linebackers with his outside shoulder, issuing a jarring, powerful pop. Looks for additional work after making first contact. Also took snaps as an in-line tight end.
								Will duck his head before contact, briefly losing sight of his target. Leans into his block prematurely at times losing power and leverage. Hands must improve in both sustaining and delivering a punch. Used very sparingly as a pass-catcher and appears to be a one-trick pony.
							
2015	Blake Bell	2552478	TE	Oklahoma	NA	Looks good on the hoof with a frame suited to add just a little more weight. Former quarterback with a feel for space when running routes against zone. Confident pass-catcher with ability to run through safeties and maximize each catch. Plays with competitive spirit and very coachable. Improved by leaps and bounds as a blocking tight end. Keeps hands inside and plays with wide base and ability to sustain in pass protection. Had reps in which he held his own against Baylor defensive end Shawn Oakman.
								Extremely raw in new position. Takes some awkward angles to blocks in space and is learning how to play with better body control. Currently lacking as a drive blocker and edge sealer. Limited as a route runner. Tape shows game gets fast for Bell as he continues to learn nuances of position. Separation comes from scheme of route ability at this point.
							
2015	Da'Ron Brown	2552479	WR	Northern Illinois	NA	Quarterback's friend. Opens wide and gives quarterback a very presentable target. Makes full use of his catch radius, snagging wild pitches in every direction. Very few drops. Natural, hands-catcher with ability to focus and make contested catches. Can run on jet sweeps, using stiff-arm as a weapon.
								Drifts into dig routes rather than sinking hips to brake. Marginal play speed, relying on build-up over acceleration. Stiff hips and upright through routes. Rounds his routes and gets little separation out of breaks. Very limited in routes he was asked to run. More of a possession receiver than dynamic threat.
							
2015	Larry Dixon	2552480	FB	Army	NA	Productive fullback who is more running back than bulldozer. Gets downhill with vision when off-set. Trusts his blockers. Powerfully built lower body with ability to blow through half-hearted arm tackles. Very comfortable catching the ball.
								Bow-legged runner whose feet barely leave the ground during his runs. Can be a little impatient with feel on interior. Has played in very limited offense and will be asked to do more as NFL fullback. Short and squatty, with issues completing blocks against bigger defenders.
							
2015	Addison Richards	2552481	WR	Regina	NA	Tall, rangy target. Able to fit in and compete at East-West Shrine Game practices against much better competition than he had faced previously. Easy mover who is smooth in his routes. Works back to the ball and digs out low throws. Hands-catcher.
								Slow off the line of scrimmage. Is unable to eat up cushion and threaten cornerbacks with deep speed. Lacks twitch and suddenness at top of his routes. Will have to make contested catches a habit.
							
2015	Collin Rahrig	2552482	C	Indiana	NA	Shows promise in pass protection. Sets with good posture and balance. Shoots his punch with authority and gets arms extended. Angle-blocker able to work feet into position and maintain the edge he creates.
								Extremely undersized. Short and light. Weighed just 285 pounds at the East-West Shrine Game weigh-in. Struggles to anchor against power. Despite hip snap, still can't sit down. Must get bigger and likely limited to playing center in a zone scheme even with additional weight.
							
2015	Malcom Brown	2552483	DT	Texas	NA	Showed great improvement during 2014 season and is considered a "riser" on draft boards by league scouts. Good bend in his hips to play low off the snap. Athletic big man who improved his quickness this year. Began to impose his will more frequently late in the season. Excels once he reaches a lineman's edge. Flashes power and control in his hands. Discards blockers when ready as a read-and-react defender and uses a punch to keep himself clean and scrape down the line after ball carriers. Eyes stay glued on ball carrier no matter what battle is in front of him. Can recover and improve positioning if he is losing early in snap. Light on his feet and diagnoses very quickly. Hard defender for offensive linemen to cross-face. Too athletic and talented to consistently single block.
								Despite size and frame, not consistently physical at the point of attack. Has average power in his lower body and struggles to hold his ground against double teams. Looking for secondary motor as rusher. Effort level stalls when his pass rush stalls. Is in need of a more polished counter move as a pass rusher. Would benefit from improved strength and ability to vary game from penetration to power. Plays hard but scouts do not consider him a "glass-eater."
							
2015	P.J. Williams	2552484	CB	Florida St.	NA	Possesses desired height, weight and speed. Able to face up and handle business from press coverage all game long. Bump-and-run specialist. Length and strength to put a receiver into detour mode off the jam. Waits to open hips up until receiver has committed to his release. Able to turn, run and close. Has feel to stay wired on inside or outside releases. Able to get on top of vertical routes and smother. Can carry speed down the field. Outstanding timing and ball skills to knock throw away. Instinctive and aware, extending outside of his area to make plays. Sure tackler in open field with second gear to explode into ball carriers.
								Physical down the field and could take time to acclimate to NFL illegal-contact rules. Stays on high-side down the field, opening himself to easy comebacks. Appears to lose some interest when asked to cover in zone. Won't be able to consistently jam savvy NFL receivers off the line. Motor runs hot and cold. Shows up ready when stakes are high, but puts it in cruise control and play looks less motivated against lesser opponents. Inconsistent to step downhill and attack the run.
							
2015	Jameis Winston	2552485	QB	Florida St.	NA	Considered by scouting community to be advanced in ability to scan field and get through progressions. Has natural feel for throwing windows and anticipates openings that other college quarterbacks don't see. Has height to see over offensive line and thickness of build to withstand NFL hits. Big arm by NFL standards. Gets full extension and follow through into throws with ability to drive ball into the seam in front of safeties. Can make all of the field-side throws teams need. Most teammates very trusting and protective of him, according to regional scouts. Aware in pocket, but not overly jittery. Good feel for edge pressure and steps up into pocket while continuing his scan. When pressure mounts, so does his focus. Shows faith in his wide receivers and willing to go right back to them after a drop. Strong lower body and able to shake free of some would-be sacks and get rid of the ball. Fierce competitor and unafraid of mistakes. Shows above-average football character. Will make throws and take chances others won't, which can be a special trait if properly harnessed.
								Decision making not consistent with his football intelligence. Will throw into impossible windows rather than taking safe throw underneath. Elongated windup and release allows instinctive defenders to close on throws. Was too easily baited into dangerous throws. Struggled with intermediate passing game in 2014, completing 56.8 percent of his passes with FBS-leading 11 interceptions in that range. Still learning nuances of position and how to move and hold defenders with his eyes. Would sleepwalk through first half of many games. Inconsistent footwork and weight transfer caused balls to sail. Prone to emotional outbursts on field. Quality of decision-making drops off substantially when pocket becomes turbulent and he's forced to leave it. Lacks athleticism to extend plays for very long outside of the pocket. Off-the-field character and ability to lead on NFL level are his primary obstacles, according to NFL evaluators.
							
2015	Leonard Williams	2552486	DE	USC	NA	Supremely gifted interior lineman with length, athleticism and elite power. Lined up just about everywhere along the line at one point or another. Able to jolt offensive linemen with powerful hands and is extremely hard to redirect for offensive linemen once he gets going downhill. Explosive hip snap to leverage blockers and is rarely moved from his gap. Often a read-and-react two-gapper and plays peek-a-boo with running backs while discarding blockers at will when he's ready to tackle. Too much play strength for zone blockers to cross-face him. Fires out with low pad level when playing the run and is difficult to submarine on short yardage. Has feet and brute force to recover and get back into a play after being beaten early. Dangerous pass rusher from twist game, showing big closing burst. Effort rusher who will eventually get home if single-blocked. Beginning to develop spin move as pass-rush counter. Showed intriguing potential as a pass-rushing end in space. Frame able to hold more weight and muscle.
								Is a little late out of his stance off the snap. Must learn to consistently fire hands out as weapons. Slow to transition from run stopper to pass rusher when teams throw on first down. Pad level rises and legs straighten out as pass rusher. Base will narrow, slowing momentum and limiting full potential of his bull rush. Hasn't learned to set up offensive linemen or string together pass-rush moves yet. Doesn't always play to capacity and pursuit is lacking when play heads away from him. Still very raw. Wins with physical tools over skill.
							
2015	Amari Cooper	2552487	WR	Alabama	NA	Asked to become a dominant offensive threat and did so. Accelerates to top speed and stays there at the top of his routes. Consistently able to get defenders leaning before breaking them off in the other direction. Owned the post route. Play speed includes a second gear. Good feel for traffic on crossers and is able to adjust and avoid the big hit. Unafraid to work the middle and secures the tough catch in traffic. Sticks it and gets it out of breaks, creating instant separation. Not content to sit in zone as covered target. Works to make himself presentable to quarterback. Competes hard and makes big plays in big games. Worked outside and from slot and varies his route speed. Tracks the ball well and has burst to run under and finish for six.
								Needs to finish routes. Will stop or occasionally adjust route, putting quarterback in danger of an interception. Can improve use of body to shield defenders from the ball. Run blocking can improve. Could use a little more fire in that department. Focus drops have been an issue at times, dropping 13 passes over the last two seasons.
							
2015	Marcus Peters	2552488	CB	Washington	NA	Prototype size for the position. Fluidity in his hips to flip and run. Competes hard out of press-man coverage and tries to intimidate receivers with his physicality. Can redirect talented receivers with his length and flat-out stuff receivers with marginal foot quickness and strength. Stays in pocket of vertical receivers while turning to locate and track ball. Active and disruptive when ball is in the air. At his best when contesting catches and often comes away the winner on 50/50 throws. Outstanding feel for space with ability to track multiple receivers and quarterback at the same time. Closes on throws with above-average burst and brings some force on contact. Confident and tough.
								Suspended for one game in 2014 by head coach Chris Petersen for a sideline tantrum that followed personal foul penalty. Was ultimately dismissed from team over multiple run-ins with coaching staff. Inconsistent with footwork and loose with technique. Lacks patience in press and will open up early. Grabby off line of scrimmage and downfield when beaten. Average mirror-and-match and long speed. Overly emotional and prone to mental mistakes because of it. Slower than expected to squeeze routes in space. Doesn't take coaching.
							
2015	Eddie Goldman	2552489	DT	Florida St.	NA	Carries broad shoulders and well-proportioned frame. Plays the run like a full-grown man. Outstanding power in upper body. Plays with good hip flexion. Explodes out of stance and into defenders with force and leverage. Violent hands that jar offensive linemen and force them into defensive posture. Able to shed blockers with hands or with clubbing arms and spring into ball carrier. Can two-gap at the point of attack and plays square throughout, leveraging gap when offenses try to block him on an angle. Bull-rusher with ability to invert pocket, ringing up six sacks over last two seasons.
								Scouts consider him incomplete as a player due to his lack of consistent pass rush. Marginal burst upfield. Square rusher who hasn't learned to get to shoulder of the guard consistently yet. Rushes with leg stiffness and plays too tall when attacking. No pet move to create an opening. Scouts have questions about whether or not he can be an explosive penetrator in a 4-3 front.
							
2015	Benardrick McKinney	2552490	ILB	Mississippi St.	NA	Tall, proportionally built inside linebacker with ability to play outside. Has thick, powerful legs. Good straight-line speed to chase. True take-on linebacker who can meet linemen head-on or beat them to the spot and leverage his gap with above average play strength. Scrapes and stalks while using length and powerful hands to keep himself free and clear of blockers. Steps into hole and fires into running back, finishing with wrap-up tackle. Able to run downfield in seam with tight ends. Aware of cutback lanes and rarely runs himself out of the play. Shows very good attention to assignment. Seems to have a nose for the play and is frequently in the mix. Has value on special teams and as a blitzer. Has adequate football intelligence.
								Plays high and is lacking suddenness. High center of gravity causes clunky change of direction in space. Foot quickness in tight quarters is below average and limiting. Instincts against run are there, but tends to fight his feet and marginal agility. Has trouble clearing the trash near his feet and labors against cut blocks, losing lateral momentum. Potential liability against the pass. Looks stiff when asked to cover in space and gives away too much separation to routes in his area in zone coverage.
							
2015	Dorial Green-Beckham	2552491	WR	Missouri	NA	Imposing physical specimen with outstanding height, weight and speed numbers. Smooth, effortless strides to chomp up cushion and blow by overconfident corners. Runs routes with forward lean and can activate second gear when he chooses. Rare catch radius with ability to pluck would-be interceptions and turn them into catches. Has soft, sure hands. Can see a throw late and still haul it in. Able to drive cornerbacks down the field and then break route off for wide-open look underneath. Shows flashes of special ability when ball is in the air. Plus body control. Can twist and contort in any direction in order to get his hands on a throw.
								Play strength is a major concern. Struggles to free himself from press coverage and can be taken completely out of his routes. Runs sloppy, rounded routes. Fails to set up his breaks and frequently leads cornerbacks to his destination. Slow to adjust routes and find open space against zone. Fails to create the separation that is potentially available for him at top of routes. Rarely looks to body up cornerbacks and keep them out of the throw. Suspect work ethic. Awareness of footwork near sideline an issue. Considered a problem child at Missouri. Suspended twice by Missouri and arrested twice for marijuana-related incidents. Kicked off team at Missouri in April 2014 after details of his alleged role in an alleged burglary were released by Columbia, Mo., police. He allegedly shoved a female student down some stairs during the alleged incident, but no charges were filed. Missed entire 2014 season.
							
2015	Jordan Phillips	2552492	NT	Oklahoma	NA	Massive frame with long arms. Athletic lower body for a man his size. Read-and-react two-gap nose with ability to eat space and free linebackers. Uses length effectively and was able to split double teams as season wore on. Swim move for quick wins and trips into backfield when Sooners let him penetrate. Athletic with nimble feet and pursuit speed of a man much lighter. Should be able to carry additional muscle and girth.
								Scouts consider him a flash player who can dominate a game but will disappear during stretches. Needs to play with better knee bend and lower pad level. Loses some leverage and becomes top-heavy wrestler at times. Not effective as pass rusher. Stalls out early and settles for looking to bat down passes. Doesn't crank up a consistent bull rush. Consistency of motor could be improved.
							
2015	Arik Armstead	2552493	DT	Oregon	NA	Improved by leaps and bounds from 2013 to 2014. Elite size with ability to add more bulk to his frame. Quick-twitch athlete. Explodes upfield into blockers with good pad level and hip snap, gaining instant leverage against the run and often jarring them into the backfield. Gets good arm extension to control offensive linemen and peppers them with powerful hands. Can unlock quickly from blocks. Has above-average tackle radius thanks to his length and quickness.
								Power-based pass rush with very little production to show for it over his time at Oregon. Plays tall as pass rusher and doesn't use his hands to gain consistent advantages. Has no reliable counter moves when rush stalls. Gets caught up in whipping man in front of him rather than making the ball carrier his focus. Will win against an offensive lineman, but doesn't put himself into position to finish.
							
2015	Eli Harold	2552494	OLB	Virginia	NA	Angular with muscular arms and surprising strength. Rushed with hand in ground and standing up. Fires out of stance with forward lean, gaining ground quickly with his first two steps. Edge rusher who torques upper body around edge, giving tackles limited area to punch. Sinks hips, dips shoulder and trims the edge when he gains advantage around corner. Also has efficient, quick inside move to pressure quarterback. Memorable closing burst. Impressive, accurate hand usage with little wasted motion as pass rusher and uses hands to snatch and shed against run. Potential to be outstanding edge-setter against tight ends. Skinny and slippery through creases on twists and B-gap blitzes. Changed direction easily and will pursue like a wild man in space.
								Thin waist and lower body lacks mass. Shredded body -- and might struggle to add more good weight. Play strength is below average as pass rusher. Can be jostled and redirected by a quality punch. Has to work overtime to disengage from tackles with strong hands. Needs to get a little better at keeping offensive linemen off of him. Instincts below average. Gets to many more plays than he is converting. Will need to improve feel for the outside-linebacker spot and become a more consistent finisher. Needs more experience in space and in coverage.
							
2015	Austin Shepherd	2552495	OT	Alabama	NA	Big, tough guy who accepts the challenge willingly. Good lateral mover with ability to mirror in pass protection and redirect to get hands on moving target. Very measured, accurate initial strike when asked to climb to second level. Instinctive and plays with good timing. Takes good angles in running game.
								Base will get a little narrow at times. Must improve on keeping his hands inside the framework of defender. Doesn't generate much push from leg drive and feet tend to slow after contact. Shows some stiffness in lower body. Can become better with his hand placement in running game. Average anchor.
							
2015	Blake Sims	2552496	QB	Alabama	NA	Able to take snaps in pro-style passing attack. Showed adequate timing and anticipation for throwing windows. Extremely quick feet. Able to escape trouble and convert third downs with his feet. Showed discipline to stay in pocket and trust protection. Hard to sack. Nifty side-stepper who can elude, regroup and make the throw. Has enough zip on passes to make NFL throws. Can process quickly and adjust his game plan when on the move.
								Short. Benefited a great deal from play-action game. Finding passing lanes could become a struggle. Needs to improve holding safeties for a little longer with his eyes. Will wind up when driving the ball. Locks in on targets, bringing heat on receivers. Accuracy comes and goes. Will decide early on a target and throw into coverage rather than finding the open man. Waits a shade too long at times trying to get the cleanest throw possible.
							
2015	Connor Neighbors	2552555	FB	LSU	NA	Intelligent fullback with an understanding of the running game. Was a lead blocker for multiple running backs while at LSU. Gets other running backs on the same page. Patient when setting things up. Able to get open in flats and caught ball well in 2013 when he had more opportunities. Sifts through the line and picks up assignment well.
								Smallish fullback without much mass to clean up as isolation blocker. Won't bring too much punch when he makes contact, stopping at contact point rather than running through target. Effectiveness limited in short-yardage situations.
							
2015	Kaleb Eulls	2552556	DT	Mississippi St.	NA	Plays with a wide, strong base. Has power in his lower half. Able to brace up against double teams and eat up blocks. Uses good pursuit angles and has adequate lateral quickness against the run. Consistent player and four-year starter in a physical conference. Plays with effort and was part of an aggressive defense.
								Legs straighten out and his pad level rises too often at contact. At times he's too locked in on backfield rather than handling the task at hand -- especially on stunts. Poor pass-rush skills. Uses just a bull rush and will stall out if he isn't winning within the first couple of seconds of the snap. Hand usage and placement aren't where they need to be.
							
2015	Khari Lee	2552557	TE	Bowie St.	NA	Has very capable hands. Catches the ball away from his body and can adjust both high and low to go get it. Carries the seam route well. Will go over a defender to make the catch and retains his focus. Moved all over the field. Used traditionally, from slot, out of backfield and split out. Was effective from each spot. Good body control.
								Played a much lower level of competition and wasn't challenged by same level of speed and physicality. Technique as in-line blocker needs polish. Doesn't run his feet at contact as consistently as he should to sustain as a blocker. Average quickness off the snap into routes.
							
2015	Parrish Gaines	2552558	FS	Navy	NA	Smart player who generally gets himself into the correct position on the field and has good awareness in zone coverage. Does a decent job of tackling in open field.
								Below average as a physical player. Does not get downhill and consistently attack in run support. Struggles to mirror and match when matched up in space.
							
2015	C.J. Uzomah	2552559	TE	Auburn	NA	Impressive on the hoof. Big, athletic body with room for even more muscle. Lined up at wide receiver, from the slot, inline and out of backfield. Routes are raw, but shows good feel for space. Above-average build-up speed to separate and threaten seams. Used out of backfield to mismatch linebackers on wheel routes. Showed focus hauling in challenging throws. Willing to make tough catches over the middle. Shows an ability to adjust as blocker in space and catch moving targets. Doesn't strike a blow as blocker, but once engaged, he can ride the bull and sustain for a while. Has traits to become a better blocker.
								Lacks aggression and awareness as run blocker. Gets guys blocked with size over technique or tenaciousness. Doesn't strike a punch in run game or pass pro. Doesn't use size to manhandle cornerbacks when matched up one on one in the red zone. Raw and somewhat inexperienced. Played less than 42 percent of the total offensive snaps for Auburn over last two seasons and made just 22 catches during that time frame. Allows throws to get on top of him. Late readiness with hands, making adjustments to poorly thrown balls difficult.
							
2015	Casey Pierce	2552560	TE	Kent St.	NA	Displays tenacity as a pass protector with a nice, wide base and desired hand placement. Handled himself pretty well against Ohio State defensive end Joey Bosa. True move tight end with ability to block and catch from multiple spots on field. Reliable, soft hands and can catch contested throws.
								Play speed looks average on tape. Takes a while to get to top speed and is almost completely upright at times when getting into his breaks. Carries pad level high on wham blocks across formation and doesn't hit with force. Struggles to consistently hit targets in space and sustain in space.
							
2015	Derrick Lott	2552561	DT	Tennessee-Chattanooga	NA	Georgia transfer who is technically savvy. Has a good feel and instincts for where linemen are headed and where blocks are coming from. Excels with his hands. Gets into opponents quickly with a strong jolt and plays with necessary power and technique to unhinge and discard blockers. Finishes as a tackler and has an adequate tackle radius. Well-schooled pass rusher bringing several moves and counters to the party.
								Played in just five games over his first two seasons at Georgia and was unable to push for playing time. Was a 2009 redshirt and was 23 and 24 years old when dominating against younger, less-talented players at UT-Chattanooga. Comes off the snap a little upright and must remember to maintain bend.
							
2015	Miles Dieffenbach	2552562	OG	Penn St.	NA	(Note: Missed most of 2014, so strengths based primarily on 2013 tape.) Plays with a good base and has desired strength and power. Secures combo blocks and climbs to second level with good timing. Has quick internal processor and sees twists and stunts quickly and is able to pick them up consistently. Showed ability to move and hit his targets in space before his ACL injury.
								Pad level too high, causing him to play unbalanced. Strength becomes negated due to balance issues from time to time. Narrows his base in pass protection. Will give up anchor to bull rush. Needs to improve consistency of base and get more knee bend to drop pad level. Substantial difference between 2013 tape and 2014 tape post-injury.
							
2015	Shaq Mason	2552563	OG	Georgia Tech	NA	One of the most powerful drive blockers in the 2015 draft. Comes off ball with low pad level and wide base and routinely wins leverage game. Snaps hips under him at contact, standing defensive tackles up. Runs feet through contact, looking to bury his man. Salty and tough. Strength is his calling card. Moves well in space and climbs to second level under control. Able to sustain blocks for several yards downfield when his balance is right. Good knee bend in pass sets with ability to mirror. Keeps weight balanced throughout pass set with desired posture. Above-average hand fighter in pass pro and able to reset hands when they are knocked away.
								Short guard with short arms. Lets his hands get a little wide in pass sets, making his lack of length more distressing. Takes inconsistent angles to targets on zone runs, causing him to fall off of some blocks. Forward-leaner susceptible to balance issues at contact. Inconsistent with cut blocks, despite high number attempted at Georgia Tech. Rarely asked to sustain pass protection very long. Faced very few skilled interior pass rushers.
							
2015	Byron Jones	2552568	CB	Connecticut	NA	Extremely smart and instinctive on the field. Shows above-average anticipation of routes. Is able to sniff out rub routes and works to avoid them. Flashes recovery speed downfield and gets head around to find ball and make a play on it. Uses instincts and adequate closing burst to disrupt the catch. Generally reliable tackler. Team captain and leader on the field and in the locker room. Scouts say he's willing to play hurt and inspires his teammates.
								Plays with high center of gravity. Has difficulty gearing down quickly and changing directions. Doesn't always play with feet under him. Will lose balance and footing too often. Not a quick-twitch athlete. Feet show noticeable stall before firing forward out of backpedal. Willing to tackle but not a physical player. Suffered season-ending shoulder injury in seventh game of 2014 season.
							
2015	Cam Thomas	2552569	CB	Western Kentucky	NA	Very tall cornerback with length. Aware and alert at all times on the field. Watches over the field like a safety from the corner position. Attacks wide receiver screens and option game being run his way. Squats on routes and reads receivers to anticipate their breaks. Has feel for routes in zone coverage and reads quarterback's eyes to get head start on the throw. Flashes desired ball skills (11 career interceptions). Understands and executes his role in run support.
								Has high center of gravity and plays too tall. At times, struggles to find feet when firing forward on ball and loses his footing. Needs to play with more bend. Gets knocked off balance at top of route by physical receivers. Below-average burst to close. Poor deep speed. Shows very little recovery speed when beaten over the top. Drops anchor on first move and opens himself to double moves. Benefits from competition level.
							
2015	Craig Mager	2552570	CB	Texas St.	NA	Started all four years. Plays with excellent fire and motor throughout the game. Loves to hit. Quick-twitch athlete with plus play strength and sudden change of direction. Desired closing burst and drives through receivers, attempting to jar ball free. Feet rarely stall and has NFL ability to click and close on throws. Adequate mirror and match in man coverage. Explosive leaper who climbs ladder and has timing to attack the ball at high-point. Able to return punts. Was one of the standouts among cornerbacks at East-West Shrine Game practices.
								Instincts are average. Wants to see it first rather than anticipating. Allows too much separation in space. Can do a better job of constricting passing windows and taking a few more chances from thirds coverage. Excitable in man coverage and will become overly aggressive. Questionable long speed. Tries to stay on top of route rather than trusting feet and remaining patient. Gets caught committing too quickly to first move.
							
2015	Dylan Thompson	2552571	QB	South Carolina	NA	Adequate height with good bulk on his frame. Recognizes when to take a deep shot and is decisive in doing so. Puts some pepper on his throws. Able to throw the deep out to the field side.
								Footwork is an absolute mess. Has issues getting feet set on many throws and compounds issue by short-arming throw. Inaccurate, with tendency to sail the ball or throw behind receiver. Below average leading receivers to give them a chance to pick up yards after catch.
							
2015	JaCorey Shepherd	2552572	CB	Kansas	NA	Plays with exceptional ball skills. Reads receiver's eyes and plays the ball with great timing. Attacks the ball and receiver's hands to swat ball away. Had 32 passes defensed and 5 interceptions over last two seasons as a starter. Able to get into a receiver's chest in press coverage. Uses plus acceleration and smart angles to recover when beaten in space.
								His throttle sticks when forced to plant a foot and drive forward. Doesn't show much trust in his own deep speed. Will open hips prematurely, allowing receiver to turn him around or break off routes underneath. Gets rocked off balance out of press coverage by foot quickness and head fakes. Benefited from poorly thrown balls his way. Passive tackler who goes along for the ride.
							
2015	Jalen Collins	2552573	CB	LSU	NA	Rare combination of height, weight and speed. Has the foot quickness and twitch to trigger on demand. Uses soft, bouncy feet to change direction and drive instantly on throws. Has arm length to play from trail position and still knock passes away. Desired awareness in zone with extended playmaking range. Will make plays outside of his area and has speed to come across field to chase down a loose running back or receiver. Able to redirect from press coverage and will only get better with more coaching. Leaper with the ability to challenge and win 50/50 throws. Buys in and does his part in run support.
								Only 10 career starts. Plays with talent over technique. Needs to improve patience in press coverage rather than opening up too early. More of a straight-line burner than fluid, change-of-direction athlete. A little stiff-hipped and is a tick slow to open and accelerate. Plays with build-up speed over instant gas. Inconsistent to turn and find/track the ball. Not a naturally aggressive, physical player. Can hit with force, but doesn't go out of his way looking for it. Showed more aggression as a tackler earlier in season than he did to close the year.
							
2015	Ladarius Gunter	2552574	CB	Miami	NA	Very good height/weight with an ability to redirect from press coverage. Active, strong hands. Rips at the ball and wide receiver's arms during attempted catch. Aggressive in the red zone. Will sit on routes and look to make plays on the ball. Flashed at Senior Bowl practices with a nose for the ball. Wrap-up tackler who is patient in run support and works to position of leverage and containment. Excels in off coverage and has played outside, as single-high safety and over tight ends. Plays on kick-coverage team.
								Unable to consistently mirror and match in man to man and shows some tightness when attempting to open up and run. Marginal play speed and appears to lack a second gear on tape. Has issues with awareness. Will lose track of his responsibility in man and zone coverage, and fails to find ball when playing with back to the ball. Will eyeball quarterback for too long rather than scanning field. Gives ground to stay clean in run support rather than attacking and shedding.
							
2015	Nick Marshall	2552575	QB	Auburn	NA	Has desired size and frame for cornerback position. Played cornerback at Georgia and appeared in 13 games there in 2011. Has quick feet and is able to change direction quickly. Shows ability to plant and drive forward out of backpedal. Not a banger, but showed a willingness to hit and finish in Senior Bowl. Background as quarterback could benefit his defensive awareness and football intelligence. Strong competitive drive and showed confidence in his abilities in big games.
								Hasn't played cornerback in three years. Struggled with instincts and reaction time in off coverage at Senior Bowl practices. Scouts question whether he has cornerback-caliber speed. Will be new to special teams coverage units. Dismissed from Georgia after his freshman year for violation of team rules.
							
2015	Sean Mannion	2552576	QB	Oregon St.	NA	Four-year starter who owns 18 passing records at Oregon State. Tall quarterback who sees over the offensive line. Throws with high release point. Plays with desired footwork. Can sit down and shift weight properly to drive the intermediate throws. Played in pro-style offense and is comfortable with 3-, 5- and 7-step drops from under center. When protected, shows confidence to stand and deliver with accuracy to all areas of the field. Trusted by head coach Mike Riley to make pre-snap reads and audible. Played in multiple-read offense and shows patience in allowing routes to develop. Good feel for pro-style play-action passing attack and can throw with above-average accuracy and ball placement.
								Tempo of his play is a concern. Slow in takeaway from center, setup and getting through progressions. Carries ball low in the pocket, allowing defenders to swipe at it. Finished career with 30 fumbles and 54 interceptions. Poise and mobility in pocket are below average. Not considered a play-extender outside of pocket. Drops eyes and misses throwing windows when he senses pressure around him. Decision making greatly influenced by level of pressure around him. Fails to throw with adequate zip when feet aren't under him and he doesn't step strongly into throw.
							
2015	Tayo Fabuluje	2552577	OG	TCU	NA	Enormous frame. Possesses a very strong core and is a difficult draw for heads-up defenders in run game. Natural, raw strength to generate push at the point and is very difficult to bull rush. Nimble feet for a man his size. Has shown ability to redirect rushers around the pocket and stuff inside moves. Can move laterally and shows some smoothness climbing to second level. Flashes power in his hands and the potential to mash when on the move. Has been losing weight over the last year and has potential to play lighter than listed weight.
								Missed three years of football due to redshirting and sitting out between stints at TCU and BYU. A little stiff in his lower body. Shallow kick-slide puts him in catch-up mode against edge speed. Shuffles feet, causing him to overset and play with high pad level. As a tackle, needs time to fix his footwork issues. Lazy with hands/hand placement and doesn't snatch and sustain enough. Takes suspect angles to second level targets on the move. Play demeanor isn't as nasty as desired and body needs refining.
							
2015	Tyler Varga	2552578	FB	Yale	NA	Muscular, well-defined physique. Has hands the size of an offensive lineman. Determined player with willingness to switch from running back to fullback. Strong legs to power through angle tackles. Runs with above average change of direction and uses effective spin move. Able to stop on a dime and make defenders miss. Showed reliable hands out of backfield at Senior Bowl practices.
								Small for a fullback. Ducks head and leads with his shoulder when throwing a block. Must improve hand usage in pass protection. Willing to engage, but overwhelmed by size at times in Senior Bowl blocking matchups. Caught between running back and fullback for his NFL position.
							
2015	Anthony Harris	2552579	SS	Virginia	NA	Instinctive and processes what he sees quickly. Lines up secondary and stays true to coverage responsibilities. Hawks tight ends and anticipates routes. Breaks swiftly on throws, taking good angles and contesting with his long arms. Very good hands. Chalked up 26 passes defensed and 10 interceptions with just two penalties over last two years. Foot quickness and quick twitch to transition laterally and accelerate to contain run. Quickly diagnoses run and glides downhill under control. Stays engaged and interested throughout the game. Produced strong tackle numbers all three seasons as starter. Flashes aptitude to sidestep blockers as a blitzer and when defending screen game.

								Thinly built and lacking bulk to bang. Stiff, upright backpedal. Gives up separation and looks unsure of himself when matched against slot receivers. Can be passive as deep safety, continuing to drift despite play unfolding underneath. Lacks assertive, attacking demeanor against blocking wide receivers. Plays upright and loses leverage when tackling. Grab-and-drag tackler. Rubbery arms fail to finish when tackling at an angle (16 combined missed and broken tackles in 2014). 
							
2015	A.J. Derby	2552580	TE	Arkansas	NA	Big, physical and fast. Athletic in space with ability to create some separation out of breaks. Has speed after catch in open field. Posted impressive 54-yard touchdown catch and run against Alabama secondary that struggled to catch him. Can line up all over the field. Natural pass-catcher. Had only one drop during 2014 season. Showed willingness to catch throws over the middle and take the punishment. Unique perspective after playing quarterback and linebacker before move to tight end. Ability to add roster depth at two positions as emergency quarterback. Comes from football bloodlines. Father and uncle had stops in the NFL and his brother lettered at Iowa.
								Has only one year of tight end experience. Routes have very little polish to them. He needs time to learn the nuances of position. Run blocking very much a work in progress. Uses poor hand placement and fails to sustain blocks when in-line. Balance at contact needs to improve when blocking in spaces. Has habit of using one rather than two hands for difficult catches. Was unable to play in final game (Texas Bowl) due to knee injury and continues to heal.
							
2015	Deion Barnes	2552581	OLB	Penn St.	NA	Has adequate athletic ability and ability to rush with hand in ground or standing. Well-built frame after adding more muscle this past offseason. Will flash at times when asked to stunt, playing with forward lean and a feel for penetrating on the move. Sets up T/E twists with convincing charge upfield followed by quick stop and darting move underneath. Showed some signs of converting speed to power when rushing from an angle.
								Below-average strength at the point of attack. Was unable to fight his way off of blocks and get into the scrum. Very rarely gains an advantage through hand usage in run game or pass rush. Won't bend edge with speed very often. Shows no counter moves as a pass rusher and appears to stall out if initial rush falls short. Too content to stay blocked in run game. Might be forced into new role as outside linebacker in 3-4.
							
2015	Jay Ajayi	2552582	RB	Boise St.	NA	Good size and great feet. Former soccer player with sudden feet. Able to string together multiple moves at a time. Varies speeds as a runner and can call on second gear when he sees daylight. Hips and feet always in sync thanks to soccer background. Shows enough wiggle to make defenders miss and can create and improvise if creases aren't offering much. Runs with wide base and generates leg drive to push. Plays with bend and bursts through the hole with low pad level. Reliable yards-after-contact back. Accelerates into contact on second level. True weapon out of backfield with adequate hands and good feel for maximizing each catch in space. Twists and turns and fights to fall forward. Asked to be physical, downhill runner between tackles and he obliged. Shows good blitz recognition. Showed mental toughness and character, coming back from deep in the doghouse for October 2011 arrest.
								Gets too cute at times looking to sift laterally from gap to gap as he approaches line of scrimmage. Needs to run with more urgency to perimeter. Can get out-flanked when opportunity to turn corner was previously available. Average feel through the hole. Runs into defenders he should be able to avoid. Heavy workload in 2014 with 398 total touches (28.4 per game). Ball-security concerns with 11 fumbles over last 597 carries. Pass-protection technique needs improvement. Tore his ACL in 2011. Was arrested for stealing sweatpants in 2011 and faced long road of severe punishment from then-coach Chris Petersen.
							
2015	Max Garcia	2552583	C	Florida	NA	Team captain who is beloved by teammates, fans and his coaches. Considered a hard worker in weight room. Has upper-body power to torque and move defenders. Phone-booth mauler. Shoots his strong hands inside and fights to keep them there. Features power, body control and hand placement to win early in the snap. Usually recognizes twists, coming off initial block to pick up twister. Despite gentle demeanor off the field, is willing to mix it up and turn a snap into a fistfight if need be. Showed off natural power in reps against Washington's Danny Shelton and Iowa's Carl Davis at Senior Bowl practices.
								Heavy-legged player limited to primarily power-based schemes. Small radius of effectiveness as a blocker and unable to get hands on moving targets on second level. Plays with leg stiffness and is unable to gain consistent leverage through adequate bend. Rarely low man in short-yardage scrum. Feet stall at contact. Inconsistent footwork to secure and improve his positioning. High pad level forces him to give some ground against bull rushers. Might struggle with athletic penetrators. Unable to help much in screen game.
							
2015	Shaquille Riddick	2552584	DE	West Virginia	NA	Promising frame if he can add muscle through diet and weight lifting. Comes out of track stance low and with upfield burst. Able to make himself skinny and squeeze into creases for occasional disruptive play. Plays with a solid motor and will continue to pursue until whistle blows.
								Tall, thin frame with skinny legs. Struggles to unlock from blocks once tackles get hands on him. Puts up good fight at point of attack, but not powerful enough to win. Failed to bring production with him in transition from Gardner-Webb to West Virginia. Lacks pass-rush talent to step into 3-4 outside-linebacker role and shows no ability to convert speed to power.
							
2015	Tevin McDonald	2552585	FS	Eastern Washington	NA	Highly instinctive with a unique understanding of the position. Senses what is coming and quick to respond. Father Tim was a six-time Pro Bowl safety and member of the San Francisco 49ers' Super Bowl XXIX-winning team, and brother T.J. starts for the St. Louis Rams. Fearless. Plays the game with passion and motor is always engaged. Drives on throws with committed burst. Flashes good play speed and plays with range. Hits the gas and storms downhill against the run or bubble screens. Known as a film junkie. Productive two-year starter at UCLA before transferring.
								Undersized and lacking juice behind his pads as a hitter. Plays too frenetically, missing opportunities to make plays. Hard-charging style leads to poor angles and lack of body control in space. Hair-trigger response opens him up to playaction and double moves. Grabby in coverage. Struggled to mirror and match in coverage during East-West Shrine Game practices. Reportedly failed three drug tests before being dismissed from the UCLA program.
							
2015	Tyler Kroft	2552586	TE	Rutgers	NA	Above-average athleticism for the position. Quick release off the line and gets into routes with good play speed. Able to get yards after catch with quickness and some thump as a runner. Played from slot in 2013 and more in-line in 2014. Has speed and athleticism to threaten the deep middle. Tenacious blocker. Handled Michigan State DE Shilique Calhoun as run blocker. Blocks with good base and sustains blocks with strong hands. Not content to stalemate -- wants to win the play as blocker. Able to handle himself in pass protection using adequate footwork and technique. Played under Ron Prince and Brian Angelichio, who are now NFL tight end coaches.
								Appears on tape to have a limited catch radius. Too content to be body-catcher. Allows throws to get on top of him. Struggled with inconsistency on contested catches over the middle. Looked mechanical in his routes in 2014 compared to 2013. Needs to improve on spacial awareness against zone and work to clean spaces. Still learning to take more efficient angles to the second level as a run blocker.
							
2015	Alex Carter	2552587	CB	Stanford	NA	Good size for a cornerback. Aggressive effort to redirect receivers off the line. Shows patience from press coverage and doesn't open hips too quickly. Physical tackler willing to step downhill, shed the block and throw his body into a tackle. Quick to plant and drive on throws and tries to maul receiver at point of catch in order to disrupt. Plays with limited wasted motion. Has above-average spatial awareness in zone coverage, maintaining good position on the receiver. Adequate instincts and feel for the game. Matched up against NFL-caliber receivers during three-year stint at Stanford.
								Struggles to mirror and match in man coverage against more sophisticated routes. Sluggish responding to inside release, offering up instant separation. Lacks fluidity in hips and feet for quick recovery. Long strider missing ability to hit top speed quickly. Appears to lack some confidence in deep coverage. Opens hips earlier than necessary on intermediate routes in preparing to run with speedy receivers. Can be a head-dropper as a perimeter tackler, losing sight of his target. Must improve awareness with back to the ball.
							
2015	Brett Hundley	2552588	QB	UCLA	NA	Well-built with frame sturdy enough to handle rigors of the position. Asked to get through progressions and make decisions. Willing to stand in and take the hit when he zeroes in on his target. Willing to get take downfield shot and give his receiver a chance to make the play. Has the ability to maneuver inside of pocket to buy time. Poised enough from pocket. Has adequate release and enough arm when he sits down on his throws. Above-average foot quickness to escape pocket. Hit 57-yard playaction touchdown from under center against Washington in 2014 (just seven attempts under center all year). Good sense of pocket pressure and is decisive when he decides to bolt. Dangerous as a runner with enough speed to hit a big play on the ground. Dual-threat ability increases his effectiveness in red zone. Displays his toughness almost every time out.
								Hasn't shown an ability to win from the pocket yet. Protected by playaction-based short passing game that held linebackers and cornerbacks at bay. Internal clock is a mess. Has marginal anticipation, and appears to be lacking in ability to read defenses and create a pre-snap plan. Slow getting through progressions, taking 125 sacks in three years. Inconsistent weight transfer on throws, which affects accuracy (throws sail) and velocity. Needs to reset feet when swiveling from side to side while scanning for next target. Gets crowded in pocket rather than sliding to open space. Short-arms too many throws. Ineffective, inaccurate passer outside of pocket with lowest completion percentage in Pac-12 when scrambling (32.6 percent). Misses opportunities to climb pocket while keeping eyes downfield rather than taking off as a runner.
							
2015	Detrick Bonner	2552589	FS	Virginia Tech	NA	Former cornerback with potential to play some man if called on. Interchangeable safety prospect. Can play in box or on top. Shows relatively smooth hip turn with coordinated feet in space. Well-schooled and rarely busts an assignment. Played in blitz-happy scheme and understands angles to the quarterback. Comes from high to low to attack run game with no hesitation. Well-rounded with ability to play in multiple schemes. Can cover on special teams.
								Instincts are an issue. Slow to recognize playaction and drop into space. Inconsistent reaction time on help over top from single-high spot. Late to find ball in zone read. At times, takes poor angles to the ball in run support and comes in too hot when it's time to tackle. Scouts question his ability to carry speed downfield without head start. Needs to show more discipline and patience against run and pass.
							
2015	Jeremiah Poutasi	2552590	OG	Utah	NA	Improved from 27 quarterback hits/sacks allowed in 2013 to just 9.5 in 2014. Footwork and poise in pass protection improved as season progressed. Works to stay square in his pass sets for as long as he can. Beefy frame that takes up space. Flashes power when he's allowed to fire out. Uses wide base, choppy feet and good body control for his climb to second level. Decent feet for a man his size and is able to slide laterally to block on an angle. Has enough upper body strength to eventually anchor up even when he gets upright.
								Power is limited by lack of flexibility that robs him of leverage at point of attack and against bull rush. Has a small "strike zone" and leaves his feet behind at contact, causing him to fall off of too many blocks. Needs to improve sustaining blocks and finishing. Drops head and head-butts down blocks and run stunts. Hand placement needs work. Uses half-hearted "reach" rather than authoritative punch to subdue determined rushers. Sets soft, shallow edge in pass protection that allows worker bees and edge speed an entry over the top. Feet get stuck and he struggles to redirect against inside moves.
							
2015	Josh Robinson	2552591	RB	Mississippi St.	NA	Built low to the ground with power trunk and thick bubble. Coils into a ball at contact, making him immune to shoulder and/or forearm blows to tackle. Patient runner. Runs with consistent balance and can maintain it through contact. Flashes lateral agility to escape from the side door and bounce a run wide. Steady threat out of the backfield as pass-catcher. Soft hands to secure the throw and is ready to run after catch. Can chop pass rusher down with his cut blocks.
								Vision is average to below average, and will leave some yards on the field. Gets what is blocked and relies on his short-area footwork to make tacklers miss rather than true elusiveness in open area. One-note runner with tightly bundled hips and marginal athleticism. Nothing special with burst through hole, as defenders frequently get their hands on him to slow his progress. Benefited from zone-read system with dual-threat quarterback creating consistent running lanes over tackle. Feet barely leave ground, opening Robinson up to ankle tackles.
							
2015	Kwon Alexander	2552592	OLB	LSU	NA	Athletic with foot quickness for quick, lateral movement from gap to gap. Shows suddenness to slip blocks and get into gaps. Can change direction immediately and has twitch to accelerate from standstill. Rangy with good play speed in open field. Determined chaser on perimeter with speed to close and finish. Competes hard. Willing to explode into second-level lineman with as much force as he can muster. Has adequate hands to stack and shed and swats away cut-block attempts. Will pop tight ends and running backs getting into their routes. Can blitz, but also flashed legitimate pass-rushing skills with intriguing dip and bend move around the edge. Immediate special-teams contributor.
								Plays upright and needs to improve his play strength in general. Field awareness is severely lacking on tape. Struggles to work outside framework of his initial play responsibility, losing sight of the ball. Allowed big plays against Auburn and Wisconsin because of these issues. Takes false steps and plays with too much wasted motion, pumping arms and chopping feet as he moves forward. Gets caught overrunning his run fit and gets washed down too easily. Needs to improve breaking down and getting feet set before attempting to strike and tackle.
							
2015	Kyshoen Jarrett	2552593	SS	Virginia Tech	NA	Three-year starter. Very productive and very physical. Plays the game with intensity and energy. Ready to get downhill and battle in run support with every snap. Lines up defense and does a solid job of covering tight ends, despite lack of height. Diligent in coverage to make up for lack of athleticism. Plays with bend and plus play strength, and fights through blockers to chase and finish tackles. Always sniffing at the ball with 89 tackles, eight passes defensed, three interceptions and a forced fumble in 2014.
								Tight-hipped rover who is more linebacker than safety. Clunky when transitioning from backpedal. Lacking recovery speed. Frenetic. Allows excitement for the game to overcome him at times. Can get lost in coverage when plays break down and scramble ensues. Blitzing machine with limited coverage responsibilities, often locking in on tight ends and as a very deep, single-high safety.
							
2015	B.J. Larsen	2552596	DE	Utah St.	NA	Former walk-on with a chip on his shoulder. Durable. Able to play through pain and appeared in every game over his four-year career. The throttle is stuck on his play motor. Flashes unusual strength and power in his hands to yank and toss bigger linemen around. Never quits on a play and was rewarded with nine sacks and 13.5 tackles for losses in 2014. Comes off the ball with a burst and stays square to line of scrimmage, making it difficult to move him in run game.
								Missing dynamic qualities as a pass rusher. Must improve his secondary pass-rush counters. Stuck between positions. Needs more mass to be able to hold up as a five-technique and isn't athletic enough to play defensive end in NFL. Allows his pad level to rise, losing leverage. Struggles to change direction and ready himself to tackle shifty running backs.
							
2015	Breshad Perriman	2552597	WR	Central Florida	NA	Height, weight and speed numbers that every team covets. Quick accelerator off the snap and destroys the cushion, forcing cornerbacks into "turn-and-run" mode. More sudden than most big receivers. Able to break routes off sharply or go from stop to start instantly. Consistent separation at top of his route. Always gets over the top of cornerbacks on verticals. Varies route speed and has ability to body up and box out smaller cornerbacks downfield. Explosive leaper with timing and catch radius to make the difficult catches look easy. Shows off plus body control and ball tracking on deep ball. Able to gear up or down when needed and is a legitimate big-play threat on every snap. Athleticism and long speed for yards-after-catch production. Gives good effort as run blocker.
								Raw in his routes, relying on speed and athleticism over any precision. Rounds routes and is inconsistent at selling and finishing routes that don't involve him as primary target. Sits and waits on the throw rather than working back to it. Redirected in his routes more than expected for receiver his size. Disappointing hands that might always haunt him. Slow catch readiness, allowing too many throws to beat him up. Too much double catching and his focus drops over second half of the season were maddening to watch.
							
2015	Damian Parms	2552598	SS	Florida Atlantic	NA	Good size with long arms and big hands. Technically sound with smooth backpedal and good footwork. Has disciplined eyes and won't overreact to quarterbacks trying to look him off. Comfortable in man coverage underneath. Shows some potential to mirror and match in small areas. Rushes downhill with urgency in run support. Able to focus on ball carrier while deftly maneuvering around blockers and often beating them to the spot. Wrap-up tackler able to change direction with good balance to finish open-field tackles.
								Gets beat over the top too often as deep safety help. Has hip tightness and will get hung up in transition. Play speed offers little acceleration. Offers limited recovery potential when beaten in space. Plays hard, but shows some lack of hustle in pursuit when play flows away from him. Won't respond until eyes see it and is a step slow to the play. Made very few plays on the ball as starting safety. Ability to cover diminishes downfield.
							
2015	Lorenzo Doss	2552599	CB	Tulane	NA	Smooth trigger with limited stall at the top of his backpedal when firing forward. Can gather himself quickly to change direction. Takes few false steps and is able to sink hips and hit brakes quickly when called on. Former high school wide receiver with reliable hands and outstanding balls skills. Looks to attack the throw as often as he can and is rarely outmuscled on 50/50 balls. Has 15 career interceptions in three years, including two for touchdowns in 2013. Above-average instincts and feel for what quarterback will look for on third down. Athletic with the hips and feet to act on instincts and ball skills. Called a "workaholic" by teammates. Plays through pain and rarely misses practice.
								Fell in love with the "big play" after 2013 and took too many chances in 2014. Desire to challenge every throw leads to undisciplined, lazy technique at times. Plays tall in backpedal. Takes aggressive, high-risk angles in attempt to undercut throws and make the interception. Will likely always be a feast or famine cornerback as a pro. Gets too committed to recover effectively against a double move. Relies on grabbing and downfield mauling that won't be allowed in NFL. Atrocious outing vs. Rutgers, giving up six catches for 162 yards and three touchdowns. Inconsistent play speed on tape. Inconsistent demeanor in run support. Can be bullied by bigger wide receivers at the point of attack.
							
2015	Nelson Agholor	2552600	WR	USC	NA	Runs a good route and competes hard on every snap. Able to drive defender into a poor leverage position. Bouncy, quick feet for burst out of breaks. Adequate separation quickness and twitch. Understands his position. Will improvise to get open for scrambling quarterback. Highly instinctive in space with consistent feel for working his way to open spaces as a presentable, ready target. Almost always works his way back to the throw when needed. Natural hands. Has snatch-and-run readiness after the catch with initial quickness to make things happen. Tracks the ball over his shoulder and careful not to crowd himself against the boundary. Dominated the competition over second half of the year. Dangerous punt returner.
								Quicker than fast. Has some straight-line to him with just average fluidity through hips. Unable to blow by cornerbacks and create separation over the top. Play strength is below average. Had issues shaking Oregon State CB Steven Nelson. Will get stuck in low gear from time to time by long, press corners with strength. Lean frame. Worked well from bunch formations and might rely on pre-snap movement to free himself, depending on matchup. Will have to prove he can work inside and take punishing shots from NFL defenders. Willing blocker but lacks the core strength to be consistently effective at it.
							
2015	Rannell Hall	2552601	WR	Central Florida	NA	Former track man with solid vertical speed. Good job of adjusting in space against zone coverage to maximize throwing window for erratic quarterback during 2014 season. Has football smarts. Sticks foot in ground and drives hard out of break to create functional separation. Understands how to use his hands off line of scrimmage and within route. Known by scouts for high football character and toughness over the middle. Looked more comfortable operating outside and down the field as opposed to from the slot. Opened eyes with a solid week of practices at the Senior Bowl. Body control to adjust to poor throws and can save the incompletion.
								Tends to go dead-legged, falling to the ground while making tough catch rather than continuing the play. Hands don't look very natural. Lets ball get to his frame too often and was dinged with six drops this season. Upright in his routes. Has straight-line speed, but needs a build-up. Still learning to set up routes for maximum separation. Doesn't flash instant acceleration to become catch-and-run threat.
							
2015	Christian Covington	2552602	DT	Rice	NA	Shoots out of stance and into blocker with good pad level and forward lean. Brings natural power to the party. Effective two-gapper who plays with proper arm extension. Keeps linemen at end of his length and keeps eyes trained on the backfield. Frees himself from blocks with jerk-and-shed action. Athletic movement in space. Can cave interior of the pocket with initial jolt and sustained bull rush.
								Doesn't gather feet under him after initial engagement, causing body control and balance problems. Ends up on ground far too often. Showed suspect coordination of feet against Notre Dame. Needs to shed blocker a shade sooner. Must learn to string together pass-rush moves and improve skill level with his hands. Dislocated his kneecap in second game of the season and missed the rest of 2014.
							
2015	Danielle Hunter	2552603	DE	LSU	NA	Freakish combination of size, athleticism and explosiveness. Has long arms with jarring power behind his hands. When technique is right, he can stack and overpower tackles at point of attack. Fluid and agile in space. Uses length to bat down passes and disrupt the passing lane. Flashes winning spin move in pass rush, but needs to learn to set it up better. Uses arm-over inside move to set up tackles for loss. High-end tackle production for his position. Secondary motor to pursue and speed to chase leads to more tackle opportunities. Lead all SEC defensive linemen in "stuffs" (tackles for no gain or loss of yards) with 17. Active and energetic at all times. Continues to work to improve position vs. run and pass. Off-field character considered "squeaky clean" by NFL scouts. Has speed and agility to become special-teams star early in his career.
								Relies heavily on his athleticism and motor over skill and instincts. Pass-rush production doesn't match the traits. Played 80 percent of the defensive snaps in 2014, managing just 1.5 sacks. Doesn't have the upfield burst and bend to turn the corner. Considered a "thinker" as a pass rusher rather than a naturally instinctive reactor. Must show he can effectively counter as a pass rusher. Has winning power in hands, but inconsistent with how he uses them against run and pass. Scouts want to see more competitive nastiness from him.
							
2015	Deontay Greenberry	2552604	WR	Houston	NA	Has excellent size and overall length. Played outside and from slot. Shows some acceleration at top of post routes to gain moderate separation. Shows an ability to make challenging adjustments to poor throws.
								Upright into routes and breaks. Needs to improve route running for next level. Too much wasted motion out of press coverage with head fakes and jukes at top of his routes. Tied for second in FBS with 11 drops. Struggled to make contested catches and had way too many focus drops.
							
2015	Ibraheim Campbell	2552605	SS	Northwestern	NA	Trusted and respected four-year starter. Aggressive tendencies near the football. Springs into his tackles with authority, and looks to rip the ball out of ball carrier's arms with his unusually large hands. Created four forced fumbles and had three interceptions in just 56 percent of the team's defensive snaps. Does his job in run support, playing with leverage against perimeter runs and containment on back side. Coming from high to low, can mirror running back movement to shadow and hit. Adequate range and man coverage skills underneath. Praised by NFL scouts for his leadership and personal character. Plays on kick coverage and hands team against onside kicks.
								Diagnostic skills are still a work in progress. Can take too long to make initial read on play-action and drop into coverage. Plays through a straw. Has issues with dual focus on quarterback and his coverage responsibilities. Will lose track of his coverage, leading to big plays. Average closing burst. Might not have the positional instincts, eye discipline or ball skills necessary to play anywhere but near box. Missed four games this season dealing with nagging injuries. High number of missed tackles in 2013 worth noting.
							
2015	Jacoby Glenn	2552606	CB	Central Florida	NA	Salty cornerback who plays with passion and intensity. Outstanding hands and effective playing the ball. When he's in position, makes it extremely difficult for receivers to make the catch. Has feel for deep routes and understands when to turn and run. Reliable wrap-up tackler who breaks down in space and sticks his face into the target. Showed improved understanding of off coverage and how to restrict throwing windows as 2014 season progressed.
								Skinny and tight-hipped with limited athleticism. Stiff and upright in his labored backpedal. Feet aren't always under him. Loses his footing at times in transitioning forward from backpedal. Unable to click and close with instant burst. Waits to see quarterback throwing before making a hard close from off coverage. Opens hips early in press coverage. Lacks recovery quickness and athletic ability to close distance when he's fooled. Doesn't have natural feet and deep speed for consistent man coverage in space.
							
2015	Mike Davis	2552607	RB	South Carolina	NA	Compact frame with plus balance as a runner. Keeps feet moving in traffic and can pinball from defender to defender. Uses spin move effectively to avoid the hit and keep running. Will duck head and accelerate behind his pads with force to finish his runs. Downhill runner near the end zone with adequate push to grind out the extra half yard needed. Creates separation to the perimeter with quality stiff arm and showed surprising top-end speed to hit the long run in 2013. Gets adequate separation out of backfield and can convert the catch into a first down. Capable in pass protection with understanding of protections.
								Has some hip tightness, which limits his lateral movement. Won't make defender miss with wiggle or juke, and struggles to create when his track is closed. Will duck his head prematurely heading into hole at times, and briefly loses his vision and feel for the hole, often running into the backs of blockers. Showed substantially more juice as a runner in 2013. Conditioning looked off and he was sluggish to the perimeter and through the line of scrimmage in 2014. Relatively ineffective toward end of the year. The 2014 tape shows energy lacking for Davis compared to 2013.
							
2015	Stefon Diggs	2552608	WR	Maryland	NA	Fluid, flexible athlete. Five-star recruit who stayed home to help build local program. Instinctive route runner. Does an outstanding job of sinking his hips and exploding out of breaks to create immediate separation. Natural ball-plucker. Excellent body control to adjust to throws, whether they're low, high or behind him. Can make contested catches. Dynamic and dangerous with the ball in his hands. Sudden once he's in space, using head fakes and impressive lateral change of direction to make multiple defenders miss. Instant acceleration is his differentiator from the slot. Played through a lacerated kidney he sustained against Penn State and finished the game. Can be immediate kick returner in the league.
								Most of his production came from slot or as outside receiver in space. Must prove he can win as route runner against quality cornerbacks. Play strength is below par. Gets muscled around by physical defenders. Very aware of oncoming traffic and will stop routes to avoid big hits. Gives moderate effort as a blocker, but rarely ends up getting his man blocked. Had season-ending injuries two years in a row (broken leg and lacerated kidney). Suspended one game for his actions in pregame dustup vs. Penn State.
							
2015	Tacoi Sumler	2552609	WR	Appalachian St.	NA	Ran a 4.24 40-yard dash at Nike SPARQ camp in high school. Still has adequate deep speed and straight-line quickness off the snap. Can make adjustments to balls thrown behind him. Quick to catch, turn and run after dig routes underneath.
								Tiny wide receiver. Suffered through knee issues that cost him almost two full seasons. Has lost some of the deep speed he once possessed. Struggles to sink hips and cut sharply out of breaks. Doesn't have lateral movement and quickness to make defenders miss in space and won't break tackles. Gets anxious when asked to go over the middle.
							
2015	Tyler Moore	2552610	OG	Florida	NA	Offers roster versatility. Took snaps at both guard spots in 2014 and played some right tackle in 2013. Smooth lateral movement when asked to pull and find his targets. Shows adequate quickness to recover and get to second block when facing twists. Uses consistent hand placement in pass protection.
								Not a bender and lacks functional strength. Feet are too inactive after contact, forcing a stalemate rather than a win in run game. Too upright in protection and doesn't have the anchor to withstand against a powerful bull-rusher. Gets stuck for too long on initial block against twists and on combo blocks up to second level.
							
2015	Xavier Cooper	2552611	DT	Washington St.	NA	Former high school basketball letterman and tight end with outstanding foot quickness and an ability to pursue in space. Quick, lateral footwork for plus penetration. Active hands create separation from blockers against the run and help him gain advantage as pass rusher. Rarely gives offensive linemen a static target to strike and it's hard to land a solid, sustained punch on him. Times snap well and fires off the ball. Has ability to sync quickness of hands and feet for early wins along the line of scrimmage. Can transition fluidly from playing the run to rushing passer against play-action. Played defensive tackle and defensive end.
								High-cut frame with smaller calves. Appears on tape to be short-limbed for his size as well. Lacks pure power at point of attack. Must win with hands or he can get pushed off his spot. Pad level rises at times when he's penetrating. Lacks true core strength to maintain base when being redirected by offensive linemen. Gets run around the arc as pass rusher rather than countering back underneath. Lack of length affects ability to finish tackle opportunities.
							
2015	B.J. Catalon	2552624	RB	TCU	NA	Uses small, choppy steps as a runner, allowing for maximum balance, body control and change of direction. Comfortable in outside-zone game with one-cut burst to hit it downhill or acceleration to ride track to the corner. Changes run tempo to create indecisiveness from defenders. Versatile. Lined up in the slot as a receiver at times and also returned some kickoffs. Ran quality slant routes and showed an ability to catch the ball over the middle. Vision is a plus and sees steep cutback lanes.
								Diminutive frame. Stutter-stepper in short yardage and unable to punch ball in for touchdowns at the goal line. Unlikely to break tackles or gain many yards after contact as a pro. Gives the ball up too easily with six fumbles over his last 205 carries. Despite his suddenness, is lacking explosive acceleration to consistently beat defenders around the corner for bigger runs. Drops make projection to wide receiver difficult. Non-blocker. Missed final five games of the season after suffering concussion.
							
2015	Braylon Heard	2552625	RB	Kentucky	NA	Instant zoom. Can hit top gear as quickly as the top-end runners in this draft. Short-strider with outstanding change-of-direction talent. Patient runner with burst, feet and vision to squeeze through small creases. Runs with swivel hips and can plant and cut at sharp angles. Vision is a plus and understands how to run a tight track through the hole. Idolizes Reggie Bush and it shows with his hands and ability to separate out of backfield. Willing to stick his nose in and make honest attempt in pass protection.
								Undersized running back with just 150 carries during his college career. Substandard play strength. Doesn't play with a sturdy, steady base under him. Can be knocked off balance too easily. Breaks very few tackles and his quickness can be negated by attempted arm tackles. Limited by his size and strength and needs the open space to reach potential. Will struggle to hold up in blitz protection.
							
2015	D.J. Humphries	2552626	OT	Florida	NA	Nasty play demeanor with legitimate toughness to his game. Plays through and past the whistle. Stays cranky. Into it all game long vs. LSU's Danielle Hunter. Flexible hips and knees offer up leverage wins as run blocker. Gets down blocks secured and transitions quickly into second-level stalker with ability to mirror moving linebackers in space. As base-blocker, hustles feet into position and works to wall defender off. Has desired foot quickness combined with proper angles to be effective blocker on play side and back side on stretch plays. Gains good ground with kick slide and takes smart angles to cut off the edge. Rarely narrows base in run or pass game. Uses length to help cut off inside rush moves.
								Too often a leaner and lunger. Can fall off balance in run game against moving targets when his feet get complacent at contact. Needs to drive feet through contact as run blocker rather than engaging in upper-body sumo wrestling. Hand placement is a mess, with hands sliding high off of targets. Uses hands to slap, push and spar rather than to snatch and sustain. Tends to lean into pass rusher at point of contact rather than shoot his punch. Leaning "punch" opens him to spin move counters back inside. Eyes trained too high on target and hands follow suit in pass protection. Offensive line coaches taking close look at his functional power to redirect rushers over the arc once they get into his edge.
							
2015	DeAndre Smelter	2552627	WR	Georgia Tech	NA	Big receiver with physicality to match. On hitch routes, showed shake to make first defender miss and also showed he can punish defenders with a stiff-arm. Talented after the catch. His football intelligence really stands out. Has understanding of leverage within his routes and will adjust his route to counter the defender's actions. Able to create separation underneath by pushing cornerbacks with good route speed. Consistently worked back to quarterback when plays got off schedule. Uses wide frame to box out cornerbacks on back-shoulder throws near the boundary. Wins when ball is in the air with physicality, body control, well-timed leaps and strong hands. Capable run blocker. Great competitor with mature background.
								Suffered an ACL tear late in season and timetable for 2015 return is uncertain. Average foot quickness for his size, which could lead to some slowness in release against press coverage. Takes an extra step to gear down into breaks. Played just two seasons of college football. Limited exposure to full route tree in Georgia Tech's triple-option offense. Overly reliant on size and body control for catches. Ability to separate from athletic cornerbacks is a concern for scouts and has been exacerbated thanks to ACL tear.
							
2015	Dee Hart	2552628	RB	Colorado St.	Voted second-team All-Mountain West after running for 1,275 yards and 16 touchdowns and pulling down 18 catches for 189 yards and two touchdowns in 2014. Transferred from Alabama to Colorado State before 2014 season, but was able to play immediately after graduating from Alabama in just three years with a degree in criminal justice. Carried the ball 43 times for 172 yards while at Alabama. Tore his ACL twice in the same knee during his stint with the Crimson Tide. Attended Dr. Phillips High School in Orlando, Fla., where he earned the Florida 6A Player of the Year Award as a senior. Was selected to play in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl, where he rushed for more than 100 yards and was named MVP of the game. Was rated the top all-purpose running back in the nation coming out of high school by Rivals.com.	Played only one year at Colorado State, but teammates rallied around him. Runs with determination and finishes his runs with some attitude in the open field. Plays bigger than his listed size. Uses head and shoulder fakes to freeze open-field tacklers and buy himself time to the outside. Is a natural out of the backfield and is able to get separation with his routes. Presses line of scrimmage as zone runner and understands how to set up blocks. Throws effective cut blocks in pass protection.
								Suffered two ACL tears in the same knee while at Alabama. Doesn't possess lateral quickness he once had. Foot hits and sticks briefly when changing direction. Shows some stiffness in lower body and needs time to gear down and cut once he gets feet moving. Will get what's blocked. Small for an NFL runner and carries more desire than power behind his pads. Far too willing to go airborne and opens himself and the ball up to the big hit. Arrested in February 2014 on charges of giving false information and possession of marijuana.
							
2015	Frank Clark	2552629	DE	Michigan	NA	Downhill defensive end who can play on the other side of the line of scrimmage. Has the power to control the edge and is able to disengage and finish as a tackler. Fires out of stance with good burst upfield as pass rusher. Keeps pad level low and converts speed to power. Gets shoulders turned when he rounds corner as pass rusher, gaining leverage advantage.
								Effort rusher who relies on motor and power over talent. Lacks fluidity and natural transition from move to move as pass rusher. Doesn't gain much ground with spin-move counter, often twisting in place. Lacks subtlety of movement or footwork necessary to execute consistent inside move at the next level. Marginal change-of-direction talent. Has had multiple off-field issues during his time at Michigan and was dismissed from Michigan in November after being arrested on domestic violence charges.
							
2015	Gus Johnson	2552630	RB	Stephen F. Austin	NA	Well-built with thick bubble and powerful legs. Shows necessary power to rip through arm tackles and churn out additional yardage after contact. Has delayed burst once he gets to second level. Bow-legged runner with wide base and adequate balance through contact. What he lacks in explosiveness he makes up for in grit. Produced at consistent level over last three seasons.
								Hip tightness is a concern. Unable to take wide track on outside zone and then one-cut sharply without noticeable gear grind. Lacks foot quickness for sudden, lateral cuts to make defenders miss. Doesn't seek out opportunities to send a message with aggressive acceleration into tackler. Play speed to perimeter inconsistent. Marginal production as pass-catcher. Very little ability to protect the passer.
							
2015	Javorius Allen	2552631	RB	USC	NA	Loose hips for tight turns and razor-sharp cuts. Has quick-stop, jump-cut ability to make defenders miss in the backfield. Can slalom back and forth, navigating around traffic through the line of scrimmage and into the second level. Able to shake linebackers and downhill safeties in space. Short-area acceleration to give leg-tacklers a vanishing target. Has lateral quickness to bounce runs outside and create something out of nothing. Factors into passing game, averaging 11.3 yards per catch over last two seasons. Plays with adequate burst through the crease. Able to handle a heavy workload if asked.
								Running style doesn't match his size. Upright runner. Plays with high pad level and doesn't finish runs with attitude and urgency. Slows feet into contact and rarely explodes through initial tackler with force. Lacks instincts and feel for developing running lanes. Chooses the trafficked path more than expected. At times, will show some indecisiveness and hesitation into the fray. Will break prematurely from path the play should follow rather than allowing it to develop. Focus drops plagued him out of backfield in 2014.
							
2015	Jean Sifrin	2552632	TE	Massachusetts	Twenty-seven years old as a junior-eligible draft entrant. Moved from the Bahamas to Miami at the age of three. Dropped out of high school in 2005. Earned his GED and worked to support his girlfriend and their son, Jabari, who is now 7. Caught the attention of a recruiter from ASA College in Brooklyn during flag football game and left to play football and basketball there in 2011 before being kicked out of school for "something I didn't do," according to Sifrin. Enrolled at El Camino Junior College to play football and finished with 18 catches, including 5 for touchdowns. Transferred to play under former NFL coach Mark Whipple at UMass, where he had 42 catches for 642 yards and 6 touchdowns in his only season at the school. Sifrin was named first-team All-MAC.	Long-legged with outstanding height and an athletic frame. Former basketball player with explosive leaping ability to go up top and get throws other tight ends can't. Catch radius goes on for days. Uses head fakes and jukes at the top of his routes to help free himself on post routes. Natural, quick release into routes from standing position. Has enough speed to threaten deep middle. Showed impressive hips in space with an ability to make defenders miss and gain the extra yards after catch. Still raw and a potentially clean canvas for coaches to paint on.
								Has played very little football. Already 27 years old and still in need of substantial work in many areas. Drifts into his intermediate routes, allowing safeties to constrict throwing windows. Not yet natural in his routes. On tape, looks like he?s thinking too much during route, which slows his play speed and separation ability. Must learn to use his size to shield defenders from the pass. Can make spectacular catches, but fights the football on a number of catchable throws, leading to drops. Needs to find the football earlier. Has size for it, but not ready to be an NFL run blocker just yet.
							
2015	Jesse James	2552633	TE	Penn St.	NA	Long frame with room for more muscle. Flashed some straight-line speed in space. Shows a feel for when he comes open in the seam and will turn quickly to find the throw. Can make the occasional spectacular, one-handed catch. Works to the open space against zone coverage. Not content to stand in space. Continues to maneuver around within his area to uncover and present an open target to the quarterback. Can go up and over smaller defenders in red zone as a split end.
								Sluggish off the release and runs somewhat labored and mechanical routes, getting very limited separation against man coverage. Play demeanor lacks desired fire and aggressiveness. Does just enough as a run blocker. Doesn't handle power and movement in space as well as he needs to as a blocker. Gets hung up against jams at line of scrimmage and against physical defenders within his routes. Will try to run through defender rather than adjusting route. Inconsistent adjusting to poorly thrown balls and making the tough catch.
							
2015	Joey Iosefa	2552634	RB	Hawaii	NA	No-nonsense runner who prefers to rush between the tackles. Will coil his hips and deliver a blow into second-level linebackers attempting to tackle him and pass rushers in pass protection. Often leans shoulder into contact, absorbing blow while resetting feet to continue his run. Functional ability to cut and take it downhill. Can catch the ball out of the backfield and is adequate in pass protection.
								Bulky, but unathletic build. Shows below-average foot quickness, which limits ability to run to perimeter and to make defenders miss in space. Has marginal burst through line of scrimmage, forcing him to deal with consistent traffic around him. Doesn't possess ground-floor acceleration or wiggle to make consistent yardage in screen game.
							
2015	Matt Jones	2552635	RB	Florida	NA	Imposing size with muscular frame. Above-average swivel in hips and perimeter quickness for runner his size. Pistons for feet, chomping and churning through contact to extend run. Has slippery lower body with angle-tackle attempts sliding off. Keeps shoulders square to line for maximum power. Plays with forward lean and is difficult to stop for a loss. Used sparingly as a pass-catcher, but flashes capable hands if asked to do so in the pros. Aggressive in protection, squaring up and striking a blow against free-running blitzer.
								More grinder than every-down running back. Will hit it downhill, but has very little feel for maximizing run creases. Blind to open running lanes. Drops head and burrows into blockers and defenders rather than seeing open space. Must improve patience in setting up blocks. Can juke and shift when headed to line of scrimmage, but doesn't show much creativity and shiftiness once he's on second level. Needs to keep ball tucked and secured to avoid fumbling issues.
							
2015	Michael Burton	2552636	FB	Rutgers	NA	Crafty pass-catcher out of backfield. Shows desired speed into routes and is always ready for the throw. Good, not great, ball-catcher who is able to adjust to poor throws. Agile with ability to make defenders miss in space. Has radar to find his assignment as lead blocker. Gives good effort to mirror and stay connected at contact in protection.
								Undersized for the position and can't be a lead blocker for a run-heavy team. H-back type, carrying no thump behind his pads. Slows to contact, stopping his feet briefly into contact. Extremely limited in what he offers from that position.
							
2015	Obum Gwacham	2552637	DE	Oregon St.	NA	Transitioned from wide receiver to defensive end in 2014. Elite explosion traits. Reached 7-foot-1 as a high-jumper and was also a triple-jumper for Oregon State track team. Can unlock hips for sudden change of direction in open field. Locks quarterback in his sights once he shakes free as pass rusher. Has length and foot explosiveness defensive coordinators salivate over. Proved to be effective dropping into space on zone blitzes. Exceptional personal and football character with a desire to learn his new position. Is relentless and dogged in pursuit of the play and will come from across the field to capture a loose running back. Has immediate value on kickoff coverage.
								Play strength is below the necessary levels to play every down. Must continue body transformation for new position. Despite early jump into gap or upfield, is easily redirected out of the play by most tackles who get their hands on him. Needs more upper-body strength and better footwork to become an adequate edge-setter. Basic pass rusher relying on edge burst that is set up by inside head fake. Doesn't have true go-to pass-rush move. Lacking a counter move when initial rush stalls out. Fights hard but lacks ability to hold up at point of attack against base blocks.
							
2015	Rory 'Busta' Anderson	2552638	TE	South Carolina	NA	Impressive athlete. Outstanding play speed as tight end. Can get over top of middle linebackers for big, vertical plays. Can generate a level of uncertainty from defender with his route running. Linebackers with middling athleticism have no shot of sticking with him. Has feel for sinking into safe spots of zone. Has juice out of his breaks to generate throwing window for quarterback. Pure athleticism to be yardage collector after the catch. High-point catcher with up-and-over hops to create mismatches in red zone. Can line up anywhere on the field. Has footwork, hand placement and technique as a run blocker and is above average as a second- and third-level stalk-blocker in space.
								Allows throws to get into his body and struggled with consistency of his hands as a pass-catcher. Needs to put himself between defender and the throw more regularly. Shows some concentration lapses near the sideline. Needs to add more bulk to be able to handle in-line blocking responsibilities. Tore his right triceps in spring drills, missed two regular-season games in 2014 due to strained left triceps and then suffered another tear of the triceps that forced him to miss bowl game and required surgery. Also missed season opener in 2013 due to a hamstring injury.
							
2015	Ross Scheuerman	2552639	RB	Lafayette	NA	Has a combination of fluid hips and stop-start foot quickness. Can make sudden jump-stop with hard plant-and-go cut tied to it. Plays with suddenness and quick-twitch. Has adequate vision and able to hit it between tackles with decisiveness and good burst when hole materializes suddenly. Well-rounded talent. Can catch it and was a part-time kick returner as well.
								Frame could use more beef. Absorbs contact in space and isn't overly physical as a runner. Failed to dominate lower level of competition from a statistical standpoint. Can get "bounce happy" and will look to take runs outside that could stay inside. Takes time to gather himself after swing passes in space.
							
2015	Zach D'Orazio	2552640	WR	Akron	NA	Big for a slot receiver. Has unique ability to begin his run a split second before making the catch on short hitch and dig routes. Able to make first man miss after catch and gets straight upfield. Sniffs out open space against zone and shows above-average awareness of nearby defenders. Willing to work middle of the field and can make contested catches.
								Tape full of free releases and hot-read catches that he won't see at next level. Most of his production came on short throws and he had very limited success when venturing into intermediate and deep territory. Struggles to find separation against press coverage. Has limited catch radius. Struggles to catch anything thrown below his waist. Can't sink hips into breaks, leading to rounded routes.
							
2015	Brandon Bridge	2552641	QB	South Alabama	NA	Tall, thin frame with room for more thickness. Three-quarter thrower with elite arm strength and instant release. Has enough arm to make off-balance intermediate and deep throws that few (if any) in this draft can make. Can drop deep ball into a bucket with accuracy and had a completion of 42 yards or more in eight of his 11 games in 2014. Showed some ability to work through progressions and uses his eyes to freeze the safety before taking vertical shots down the sideline. Able to make big plays with his feet. Had runs of 65 and 54 yards in 2014. Isn't just a pull-and-go runner from pocket. Will buy himself time and continue to scan the field for open targets.
								Coin-flip accuracy with receivers having no idea where to expect the throw when the ball leaves his hand. Footwork is a mess at times, causing the ball to sail. Base gets very narrow with feet right on top of each other as he bounces in the pocket. Rushes some throws unnecessarily rather than finding his rhythm and getting it out on time. Fastball pitcher delivering nothing but gas on most throws. Must improve his touch to create more catchable throws. Average decision maker. Believes he has enough arm for any window and will throw into tight coverage. Relies too often on a fadeaway release.
							
2015	Connor Halliday	2552642	QB	Washington St.	NA	Obviously had great production in Washington State's pass-happy offense, but showed real improvement as decision maker as well. Showed improved accuracy to all areas of the field. Has a pre-snap plan and proved he was able to come off of his primary read and find another option. Gets from target to target quickly. Has good feel for timing routes and when to cut it loose. Throws a catchable ball with adequate ball placement. Was willing and able to make tough throws in the bucket over linebackers and just underneath safeties. Doesn't have a big arm by any stretch but was able to throw deep comeback to side with some success. Drive accuracy between hashes was good enough.
								Skinny frame that might not hold up to NFL pounding. Is a little slow in his setup. Played out of shotgun for all four years. Inconsistent with footwork. Plays in an offense that values getting the ball out quickly over footwork and mechanics on some throws. When internal-clock alarm goes off, his accuracy takes a nose dive. Not a factor out of pocket. Suffered broken tibia and fibula in early November, and will not work out at the combine. Shows some signs of panic when rush from middle of the pocket starts to creep toward him.
							
2015	Bryan Bennett	2552643	QB	Southeastern Louisiana	NA	NA	NA
2015	Jerry Lovelocke	2552644	QB	Prairie View A&M	NA	NA	NA
2015	Michael Dyer	2552645	RB	Louisville	NA	Has experience in pro-style sets. Willing to keep his running track between the tackles. Not a physical runner, but has enough leg strength to break open-field-tackle attempts near his legs. Drops pad level and protects the ball at point of impact. Was at his best last season in big game against Florida State. Only fumbled once in 153 carries while at Louisville.
								Primarily gets what is blocked for him. Tight-hipped with limited change of direction and open-field shake. Lacks suddenness and creativity as a runner when line of scrimmage gets crowded. Feet shuffle as runner, barely leaving the ground. Below-average acceleration through the hole. Plays too small to finish runs effectively and grind out yards after contact. Very rarely used in passing game while at Auburn and Louisville.
							
2015	Jahwan Edwards	2552646	RB	Ball St.	NA	Desired size and strength to carry the load. Smooth glider. Maneuvers through pockets of traffic and has feel for finding a crease. Consistently finishes run and falls forward. Will hit the gas and steam into contact with pads low. Drives legs at contact and will force another defender to come help with the tackle. Shows adequate one-cut talent with an ability to cut it across the grain when needed. Stepped it up as receiver his senior year with 29 catches for 236 yards. Solid hands and ran diverse routes at times rather than just being safety option in flat. Consistent, high-end production for three straight years.
								At times, his patience as runner borders on nonchalance. Yards per carry went down each of last two seasons which may speak to lack of confidence in his line or lack of urgency in his attack. Play speed fails to impress. Doesn't seem to have burst necessary to blow past first two levels and get into the secondary. Steady but nothing flashes on tape. Busted protection on some blitzes and showed below average effort and consistency as a pass blocker.
							
2015	Marcus Murphy	2552647	RB	Missouri	NA	Has the foot quickness and acceleration to make something out of nothing when called upon as a runner. Needs to play in space, but has quality traits for a runner, despite size. Has enough speed to turn the corner and hit a big run down the sideline. In passing game, mismatches inside 'backers with razor-sharp cuts to the sideline, creating easy throws for the quarterback. Looks to adjust his routes over the top of coverage if quarterback scrambles. Has excellent hands and concentration to finish a catch despite impending contact. Celebrated kick- and punt-return specialist with seven career return touchdowns at Missouri.
								Needs to improve his reads and feel on stretch plays flowing outside. Small running back with limited amount of carries he can offer in a given game. Tends to float in space as a receiver rather than working back to the ball. Doesn't make the sharp, downhill cuts expected from him as a running back. Missed 2011 with a shoulder injury. He tries to get in the way as a pass blocker, but lacks bulk and strength to be trusted with blitz pickup on next level.
							
2015	Thomas Rawls	2552648	RB	Central Michigan	NA	If you don't bring it to him, he will bring it to you. Powerful beyond his size with strong legs and outstanding balance at and beyond contact. Able to absorb contact on legs with defenders bouncing off. Coils into a ball of power and explodes into tacklers with cocked hip and low pad level to finish his run with a message being sent. Competes hard on every run with jump cuts and lateral shiftiness in the hole to go with his power. Sudden runner with ability to make sharp, decisive cuts. Can plant and go with immediate burst downhill or bounce to perimeter in search of new opportunities. Has desired foot quickness and hip fluidity. Has above-average vision and feel for the changing shape of running lanes. Hands are good enough to factor in passing game.
								Appears to be too cutback-happy at times rather than sticking with the original track. Doesn't keep ball tucked into contact at all times and gave away fumbles. Physical run style opens him to excessive wear and tear. Makes marginal effort in pass protection. Was held out of one game and suspended for another in 2014, but was reinstated after making plea deal in purse-theft case. He had been charged with felonies of larceny and credit card fraud after allegedly stealing a 62-year-old woman's purse in April 2014, but plead guilty to a charge of attempted larceny after the plea deal. Was sentenced to one year of probation and 104 hours of community service. Missed bowl game for academic reasons.
							
2015	Trey Williams	2552649	RB	Texas A&M	NA	Features a devastating jump-cut that torments defenders in space. One of the best "make-you-miss" types in this draft. Improvisation-oriented athlete in space. Able to change directions at a moment's notice and multiple times during one play. Great vision. Looks past first move and focuses on second move. Instant burst through the crease to the third level. Ran for 15-plus yards on 13.6 percent of his carries over the last two years. Can be shuffled around the field as a mismatch weapon. Was a kick returner for all three years at A&M.
								Very slightly built runner. More of an "offensive weapon" than a true running back. Ran as an off-set back from shotgun. Is seen frequently looking for the sideline with ball in his hands. Little to no strength as a runner. Can't break tackles and churn out extra yardage. When defenses get hands on him, the play is over. Too small to be factor as pass blocker. Benefited from running out of spread offense, allowing him to see his share of six-man boxes.
							
2015	Mario Alford	2552650	WR	West Virginia	NA	Needs a little bit of a runway, but has elite, run-away speed once he gets to his gear. Deep speed that must be accounted for by safeties. Can build on separation over the top. Pushes corners into early retreat leaving open space underneath for simple throw-and-catch completions. Shows ability to become a more effective route runner on next level. Plays with excellent ball tracking and was able to go up and make contested catches on 50/50 balls downfield. Hands catcher. Was mindful of quarterback and would work back to the quarterback. Kick returner with home-run potential.
								Angular with slight frame and thin pegs. Straight line speedster with some hip tightness. Not the short-
area jitterbug that people think. Does not have stop-start foot quickness and needs to build up to his top speed. Primarily ran nines, deep comebacks, curls and hitches and will have to improve crispness of routes. Tends to dance too much and leave potential yardage on field as kick returner. Focus drops were a problem.
							
2015	Kaelin Clay	2552651	WR	Utah	Played one year at Utah after transferring from Mt. San Antonio Junior College where he was named first-team all-conference with 16 touchdowns. Made four, different All-American teams as a return specialist in 2014 with Utah and was named First-team All-Pac 12 as a return specialist. Finished season with a punt return average of 15.0 and three touchdowns while returning one kick for a touchdown and a 24.9 average. Signed with Cal out of Long Beach Poly HS. Redshirted in 2010 and left the program for academic reasons according to then head coach Jeff Tedford. Played running back and receiver his senior season of high school and finished third in the state in the 100M and sixth in the 200M in 2010. Video of Clay releasing a sure touchdown before crossing the end zone against Oregon went viral in 2014.	Very good straight-line speed. Decorated sprinter in high school. Stepped up and showed improvement in his lone season at Utah after teammate Dres Anderson's season-ending knee injury. Able to make first defender miss in space. When given a shot to play vertically, took advantage by winning over the top twice against Oregon. One of the more dangerous return men in college football as both punt returner and kick returner. Posted three punt return touchdowns and a 100 yard kickoff return this year. Has great feel for keeping kick returns on their designed track and slashing at the right time. Had disastrous "fumble" against Oregon when he released ball before crossing the plain of the goal line, where Oregon picked it up and went other way for a touchdown. Bounced back from that and showed mental toughness.
								Smaller receiver with very limited catch radius. Had four drops this season, including focus drops when trying to make catch near the sideline. Hips don't open much causing short, tight strides and flatness with some of his routes. Lacks sudden feet to gain expected separation on outs. Film filled with hitches, bubble screens and short outs and lacking in more route sophistication. Upright into his breaks and out of them. Started at Cal, but left the program to "improve his academic situation", according to then coach Jeff Tedford.
							
2015	Chris Conley	2552652	WR	Georgia	NA	Smooth in his routes and lulls cornerbacks to sleep before hitting sneaky second gear to gain separation over the top. Accelerates through deep balls. Does good job of stemming routes. Can get open on corner route from the slot. Quick to find ball in flight and make adjustments to seal the deal. Hands-catcher who snatches away from his body. Runs sharp, in-breaking routes to maintain separation from lurking safety. Ran a variety of routes at Georgia. Recognizes how to plant his flag in open spaces for quarterback to find him. Gets feet inbounds when catching near sideline and end zone.
								Needs to add more polish to his routes to open wider throwing windows. Can be redirected and thrown off course by press coverage. Takes time to ramp back up to desired play speed when defenders get hands on him. Won't flash the desired quickness and foot speed to get himself open underneath. Won't light it up after the catch.
							
2015	Davaris Daniels	2552653	WR	Notre Dame	NA	(Note: Analysis all from 2013 tape) Good height with a frame that should be able to add muscle. Catching the ball comes easy for him. Has very strong hands. Gets body squared to the throw and snatches away from his body. Willing to go over the middle and make contested catch in traffic. Stems and adjusts routes from the slot. Works back to the ball. Shows adequate acceleration from his release and can open a brief window up top. Able to reach back and snare throws behind him without breaking stride. Gets upfield after the catch rather than dancing. Puts his head down and charges forward to squeeze maximum yardage from catch.
								(Note: Analysis all from 2013 tape) Suspended from team for academic reasons in January 2014 before being reinstated in summer. Dismissed from team for "academic dishonesty" and missed all of 2014. Average play speed and loses initial separation on go routes. Failed to track and adjust to wayward downfield throws effectively. Doesn't sink hips into breaks and accelerate out. Routes are rounded lacking crispness and allowing defender to wander in. Doesn't play to his size and can get muscled around inside his routes. Inconsistent to high-point catches allowing ball into defender's reach.
							
2015	Geremy Davis	2552654	WR	Connecticut	NA	Broad shouldered target who makes himself presentable for the catch. Proficient route runner. Good use of leverage in his routes to create room at top of his routes. Makes heavily contested catches in the middle of the field. Keeps cornerbacks posted up on his hip. Plays with extended catch radius. Not a physical blocker, but walls off and shows flashes of getting after getting into it with defender.
								Lost snaps to younger players this season. Slow receiver lacking necessary timed and play speed for a wide receiver. Doesn't have foot quickness to free himself from press coverage. Tight-hipped with prolonged gear-down into his break. Struggles to separate against quality cover corners who mirror and match him. Leans into routes giving away his intentions. Won't do much after the catch.
							
2015	Christion Jones	2552655	WR	Alabama	NA	NA	NA
2015	J.J. Nelson	2552656	WR	UAB	NA	Shows short-area quickness, with an ability to open a throwing window on comeback routes. Has plus hands. Shows good concentration in traffic and does an above-average job of high-pointing ball and competing for throws. Grabs it, tucks it and gets moving quickly. Return specialist. Returns punts and kicks. Had dominant season as kick returner with 38.7 return average and four touchdowns.
								Tiny receiver. Very timid in run blocking, with little desire to try to help as run blocker. Lacks suddenness and twitch off the ball expected from smaller receivers. Routes are rounded and lack sharpness for separation. Play speed underneath is marginal. Lacks shiftiness after catch to be consistent catch-and-run threat as a pro.
							
2015	DeAndrew White	2552657	WR	Alabama	NA	Smooth in space. Glides over the middle on crossing routes ready to catch and run. Shows good acceleration off line of scrimmage and into routes. Able to slam on the brakes and turn quickly to find the ball on comebacks. Makes tight turn into out routes. Has loose hips and quick feet. Athletic after the catch with ability to make defenders miss in tight quarters or open space while making plays with the ball in his hands.
								Has suffered through a myriad of injuries. Missed a chunk of 2012 with a season-ending knee injury. Since then, has suffered through a fractured toe, separated shoulder and pulled hamstring. Appears to be missing vertical separation speed. Wasn't able to consistently separate against quality, man coverage outside the hashes. Routes rely primarily on quickness over sophistication and leverage. Borderline ability to adjust to poorly thrown balls.
							
2015	Cam Worthy	2552658	WR	East Carolina	NA	Good size with long arms and big, strong hands. Can elevate and high-point his catches to win on jump balls downfield. ECU quarterback Shane Carden showed confidence in Worthy's abilities to go up and make plays and Carden gave him every chance. Usually tracks ball well and owned the back-shoulder throw. Obliterated Virginia Tech with variety of deep catches in early season upset in 2014, finishing with six catches for 224 yards. Helped out quarterback by working back to throws and digging out worm burners for catches.
								Lacks quickness and athletic traits. Doesn?t have the speed to get by cornerbacks consistently. Slows into breaks clueing defensive backs into his intentions. Fails to shield throw from cornerbacks on underneath work. Missing acceleration off snap and out of breaks. One speed receiver who can get hung up by physical cornerbacks. Was suspended for two games for "verbal disagreement" with another male student.
							
2015	Cameron Clear	2552659	TE	Texas A&M	NA	Looks the part. Massive frame with an ability to carry almost 300 pounds, according to area scouts. Flashes adequate athleticism in routes. Has shown adequate ability to sustain run blocks and help win the edge. Able to contribute on special teams.
								Struggled to find playing time and production in Texas A&M offense. Despite talent, inconsistent as a blocker. Had good, sustained run-blocking reps against Arkansas' Trey Flowers early in the season, and then looked passive and lost after that point. Dismissed from Tennessee in 2012 after being arrested and charged with felony theft. He later plead guilty to an amended charge of misdemeanor theft. Concerns are routinely expressed in scouting circles when it comes to Clear's personal character and weight.
							
2015	Randall Telfer	2552660	TE	USC	NA	NA	NA
2015	Eric Tomlinson	2552661	TE	Texas-El Paso	NA	Big-bodied blocker. Has room for more weight on his frame. Takes good initial step to secure leverage as a run blocker. Shows ability to recover and wash defender down and out of play. Has functional upper-body power and can sustain his in-line blocks.
								Slow, plodding release off the line of scrimmage and into his routes. Doesn't have athleticism to shake defender in man coverage. Needs to keep running feet through contact as drive blocker. Improvement needed with his angles and accuracy on second-level blocks.
							
2015	Al Bond	2552662	OG	Memphis	NA	Power player with big hands. Has strong trunk and defined build. Can anchor up against a bull rush. Uses force behind his punch in pass sets, jarring rushers when he deals a strike to their chest. Hands stay within the framework of his defender. Has good, functional power as drive blocker, grinding his legs through contact and generating push.
								Slow-twitch player. Heavy, booming feet in pass sets and has issues with speed. Hips too tight to open up to catch an inside move and stuff it. Slow to see delayed blitzes and twists and doesn't have the athleticism to do anything about it from tackle spot. Needs to sustain blocks longer and finish them in run game. Pure base blocker who struggles badly on second level and when asked to move and block in space.
							
2015	Takoby Cofield	2552663	OT	Duke	NA	Saw playing time all four years at Duke with three years as starter. Adequate run blocker. Keeps legs churning and works to establish and reestablish hands when necessary. Will quick-set speed rushers, taking sting from their upfield burst. Gritty blocker who plays with toughness and takes it to the whistle.
								Not so much a kick-slide as a kick-plod. NFL speed likely too much for him. Plays too straight-legged and opens himself to bull rush. His anchor won't always drop against speed-to-power rushers. Hands get way too wide as a run blocker. Plays with slow, high punch that is too easily defeated and countered by quality pass rushers. Unable to make or sustain blocks in space.
							
2015	Rob Crisp	2552664	OT	N.C. State	NA	Plays with extended, balanced kick-slide and can rush to meet speed rushers at the corner. Has good footwork and shows accuracy with hand placement usually landing where he is aiming. Uses long arms to his advantage. Can recover back inside to re-set hands when beaten to the punch and is able to extend his arms to run defenders around the arc or up the field. Has the ability to get to most lateral blocks and works hard to maintain his base and to stay square on stretch plays. Looks for work and plays with a competitive demeanor throughout the snap.
								Could use more muscle and bulk. Not as authoritative or physical as he needs to be. Allows his hands to escape the framework of defender. Need to strike with punch rather than place it. Hands could use more strength to sustain his blocks. On combo blocks, will sit on first block too long before looking up linebacker. Has tendency to narrow base and get bucked off of block. Doesn?t possess lower body power to drive defender and pry open a lane. Anchor must be monitored on next level. Struggled three different times to redirect against inside moves by Clemson pass rushers.
							
2015	Laurence Gibson	2552665	OT	Virginia Tech	NA	Plays with good lateral quickness when asked to zone block. Has enough foot quickness to race to and battle for the edge in run game. Added more than 20 pounds before the 2014 season, and showed improved play strength on tape. Highly intelligent with ability to process and recognize. Does adequate job of rolling hips at contact to create leverage. Manages to seal the edge against pass rushers at the last moment and will push rushers around the arc.
								Plays with sloppy hand placement in run and pass. Lacks power to snatch and sustain blocks with consistency. Ducks head into contact, losing sight of target. Plays with some knee stiffness. Struggles to gain much ground with overly tight kick slide and finds himself behind too often. Lacks desired power in lower half as a run blocker. Too excitable and struggles to maintain body composure in space. Still lacks core strength, despite adding weight.
							
2015	Chaz Green	2552666	OT	Florida	NA	Plays with good footwork and overall pass-protection technique on his initial pass sets. Hand placement is adequate. Plays with open eyes and desired football intelligence. Has a feel for stunts, twists and blitzes and can pick them up. Good initial quickness to get to tough reach blocks and climbs smoothly to second-level blocks. Played left and right tackle at Florida. Might have the athleticism and functional strength to play all five O-line positions.
								Poor base blocker in the run game. Doesn't get the hip rotation needed after initial engagement and plays with lean over drive, despite some power in his legs. Stops his feet and loses defender against counter moves on pass rushes. Could use more time in weight room for added upper-body strength. Needs to carry hands higher in pass-pro setup. Missing a jarring punch to keep pass rusher from caving the edge. Scouts question functional strength to redirect defenders around edge or on inside moves.
							
2015	Chad Hamilton	2552667	C	Coastal Carolina	NA	Outstanding foot quickness and lateral agility. Has twitch to cross-face defender with ease and get back side sealed off. Shows adequate timing to secure down block and climb to second level to make his next block in space. Can catch a stunt or inside move and wash that defender down and out of play. Shows desired hand placement in pass protection with snatch and sustain on inner framework of rusher. Able to mirror defender and change direction with fluidity.
								Despite having feet for tackle, height is an issue and might not have enough length. Likely limited to primarily zone-scheme offenses. Tape doesn't show lower-body strength to generate push against stronger defensive ends as base-blocker. Radar goes offline when searching for his targets as pulling tackle. Secondary motor is iffy. Leans in pass pro while searching for target with his hands. Doesn't gain ground with his awkward kick-slide in pass protection.
							
2015	Mitch Morse	2552668	OG	Missouri	NA	Hard charging with necessary grit. Smart linemen who understands his shortcomings and makes the proper adjustments. Climbs to second level blocks with good angles and timing refusing to stay glued to his initial secure block. Uses a balanced pass set and avoids the waist bending and head butting seen from many linemen at point of contact. Uses a well-timed punch and won't show length-limited punch too early in the rep. Good feel for landing accurate initial strike in pass pro or run game. Has some straight-line quickness and can get out into space in screen game.
								Plays with lower body stiffness and that limits his bend and lateral agility. Makes good initial contact, but struggles to maintain his leverage and positioning when asked to block on the move. Needs more hip snap at contact for added power. His short arms are a concern as a tackle. Doesn't have length to redirect rushers far enough upfield when they get to his edge. Feet and hands don?t always appear to be synced properly.
							
2015	Tavaris Barnes	2552669	DE	Clemson	NA	Athletic base end with well broad shoulders and well defined legs. Good initial foot quickness off the ball. Springs into blockers with arms extended keeping himself clean. Crashes hard down the line in backside pursuit and plays with energy. Intriguing potential as interior third down rusher using twists and stunts.
								Never a full-time starter. Failed to play in more than 30 percent of the defensive snaps in any of his four years at Clemson. Is underdeveloped as a pass rusher. Will bull rush and use an occasional slant move to pressure quarterback, but lacking in skill right now. Needs to improve hand usage as rusher. Run-around athlete still learning the game.
							
2015	Angelo Blackson	2552670	DT	Auburn	NA	Plays with strength at the point of attack. Able to withstand and occupy double teams against the run. Disciplined rusher within his lane. Has some strength in his lower body and can get a bull rush going when he gets to an edge of the guard. Sure tackler who drives full force of his body into runners and will finish what he starts.
								Doesn't explode off ball and into the blocker with as much zeal and explosion as desired. Leads with head and hands in unison when striking blow against run block rather than hands first with arm extension behind it. Plays tall and lacks bend and leverage as pass rusher. Gets wired to pass block too long and is slow to win with his hands. Cut-block attempts find their mark against him and he ends up on the ground.
							
2015	Ryan Delaire	2552671	DE	Towson	NA	Looks great on the hoof with an NFL-caliber 3-4 outside linebacker build. Posted high-end production over two seasons at Towson with 32 tackles for loss, 22.5 sacks and five forced fumbles. Was able to play end in even front and outside linebacker in an odd front. Gains ground with his first three pass-rush steps. Sinks hips around the corner and uses well-timed rip to challenge the edge.
								Lacks awareness at times. Gets fooled by playaction and spends too much time playing man in front of him rather than finding ball. Pass rush get-off stymied by noticeable false step at snap. Needs a pass-rush counter move. Played with inconsistent motor. Didn't play with desired passion when forced to chase play rather than having it come to him. Needs to improve angles to the ball when disengaging from blocker.
							
2015	Marcus Hardison	2552672	DE	Arizona State	NA	Consistently times snap, and has the quick twitch to turn this trait into a quick penetration and win from inside. Has good arm length. Understands how to keep blockers away from his frame as pass rusher and brings force behind his hands. Rarely square as a pass rusher, using shoulder and hip turn to get skinny and turn corner. Good hand fighter. Comes out of stance with low pad level and looks to capture an edge against the run. Puts something behind his tackles. Showed rapid improvement from midpoint of season all the way through Senior Bowl week.
								Natural defensive end who is still learning new position and vantage point. Inconsistent knee bend at contact as interior rusher, causing pad level to rise and knocking him off balance. Lacks strength in lower body and gets pushed around by plus run blockers when asked to hold the point. Gets redirected a little too easily at times when stunting. Fires off ball with head low and doesn't see cut blocks coming. Leans into run blockers rather than bringing hips and feet with him.
							
2015	Ellis McCarthy	2552673	DT	UCLA	NA	Rare size. Has thick lower body and is rarely manhandled by a single block. Has potential to play several positions along a defensive line including end in a 3-4. Has natural strength to leverage his gap and take on double team blocks. Improved hand usage from 2013 to 2014. Flashes ability to collapse pocket as bull rusher.
								Will let pad level rise and doesn't consistently fire into blockers as expected. Slow to shed despite size/strength advantage. Very limited play radius. Plays man in front of him rather than seeing through to the ball. Slow-twitch player lacking passion and determination in his play. Struggled with fluctuating weight which ballooned up to 350 pounds at one point. Conditioning is an issue. Has had surgery on both knees including one for a torn meniscus.
							
2015	Rakeem Nunez-Roches	2552674	DT	Southern Miss	NA	Fires out of starting blocks at the snap. Sniff direction of play and looks for gaps to shoot. Above average agility and balance for position. Plays on his feet and uses low center of gravity and leg drive to maintain his leverage against single blocks. Difficult to control him off snap. Able to call on additional power and improve position once engaged. As pass rusher, gets to the corner and keeps grinding to constrict pocket. Plays hard and pursues hard. Gives good effort each snap out despite playing for a struggling team. Blocked two kicks in college.
								Undersized and short-limbed. Loses sight of ball during penetration at times. Hard charger who gets going in one direction and struggles to right the ship and recover when play is behind him. Uses spin move to disengage, but it is usually too late. Missing burst needed to close out and tackle down the line. Gets fooled by play-action until it is too late. Relies on shoulder too often and needs to improve hands. Down blocks and double teams can crater him. Inconsistent body lean as pass rusher.
							
2015	Leon Orr	2552675	DT	Florida	NA	Plus athletic ability for interior lineman. Able to play multiple positions inside. Gets off the snap quickly -- particularly on slants and stunts. Can redirect his body and recover back into the play. Play engine revs and and keeps on running as he pursues downfield. He can shed and make plays when he lands his punch and gets his arms extended.
								Plays with inconsistent technique. Base can get too wide, causing false steps and issues bracing up against power in run game. Could use more time in the weight room. His hand usage needs improvement. Doesn't have desired pass-rush skills or understanding of getting to the edge of blocker. Plays with lack of body control at times. Has dealt with a variety of injuries at Florida, including a meniscus strain in 2014. Florida's head coach at the time, Will Muschamp, said Orr left the team after being told he would not start before Vanderbilt game and he was not allowed to rejoin the Gators.
							
2015	Darius Philon	2552676	DT	Arkansas	NA	Outstanding burst and quickness off the snap. Penetrator with ability to make plays on the other side of the line if he wins early. Able to blow up zone plays with quickness. Plays with desired bend. Uses rip to establish advantage on edge and then plays with leverage to maintain his position through the play. High school defensive end who brings more advanced hand usage and pass-rush moves to the interior spot. Has athleticism to mirror and help contain quarterbacks thinking of bolting from pocket. Plus speed to the sideline in pursuit.
								Still growing into his body and needs more time to add bulk. Needs to hit the weights hard in order to handle down blocks and pure power when he gets squared up. Struggles to unhinge himself and get back into the play once he's snatched by guards with size. At times, gets caught on tape just riding out the snap when initial pass rush stalls. Lacks formidable bull rush. Lacks size and functional power to play in anything but 4-3.
							
2015	Bobby Richardson	2552677	DT	Indiana	Played defensive line for Robert Weiner at Plant High School where he was named second-team all-	Athletic big man with plus agility. Has great coordination between hands and feet. Has long arms and works his hands inside. Looks to shed blocker quickly against the run. Plays with stronger base than expected for his size and doesn't give blockers a squared target for long. Played defensive end in Indiana's 3-4. Fires upfield with desired burst and plays on lineman's edge as pass rusher. Relentless motor with a desire to get his licks in on the ball carrier as often as he can. Eyes stay on the prize. Almost always finds and chases running backs and quarterbacks no matter how far across field. Uses quick spin move to free himself from contact or to come underneath on his pass rush. Team captain. Blocked a field goal and two extra points during time at Indiana.
								Lacks desired height of 3-4 end and desired mass of a 4-3 defensive tackle. Might not be clean fit for some defenses and could limit teams who have him prioritized on draft board. Shows some hesitation when asked to change directions to tackle running backs. Misses more tackle opportunities than he should. Must develop a game plan as a rusher rather than relying on just his athleticism and hand usage. Gets gap-happy and will lose leverage against run.
							
2015	Deon Simon	2552678	NT	Northwestern St. (LA)	NA	Imposing, wide frame. Displays powerful upper half with ability to manhandle centers or undersized guards. Can eat blocks and command his spot. Uses his hands well down the line of scrimmage against the run and has the tools to become a factor against the run as a pro.
								Fails to fire off the ball with quickness or explosion. Plays with straight legs, leading to inconsistency in his forward charge after contact. Motor runs hot and cold depending on game he's having. Turns into bored pass rusher if initial pass rush is quelled. Still learning to use strength to be more effective bull rusher. Has limited play radius against the run.
							
2015	Zack Wagenmann	2552679	DE	Montana	NA	NA	NA
2015	Neiron Ball	2552680	OLB	Florida	NA	Good athlete with adequate play strength for his size. Willing to take on lead blockers and play physically against the run. Plays with toughness. Played outside 'backer in a 3-4 and 4-3 and took reps at inside 'backer. Stays square to line of scrimmage, using controlled footwork to slide along line of scrimmage. Has ability to cover man to man. Doesn't quit on a play. Will continue bird-dogging a play until whistle sounds. Has speed to close out on perimeter and uses same burst as decent pass rusher. Can cover kicks and punts. Mentally tough and has overcome difficult circumstances in his life.
								The microfracture surgery he underwent in mid-November is a substantial concern. Slow with his eyes. Gets off of playaction and into coverage slower than desired. Inconsistent with diagnosing quickly and attacking. Looks like a thinker rather than reactor when playing inside. Angular linebacker who could use more bend and leverage in his game. Had brain surgery in 2011 after being diagnosed with rare, hereditary condition.
							
2015	Yannik Cudjoe-Virgil	2552681	OLB	Maryland	NA	Smart player who understands his role and responsibilities on each play. Gets upfield and sets edge and proper angle to funnel runs back inside. Plays with desired leverage and arm extension as 3-4 outside linebacker. High-effort player. Runs well to the ball and has willingness to chase and pursue with secondary motor.
								When level of competition stepped up, he seemed to disappear and failed to flash on tape. Slow to squeeze down the line against run, opening back-side running lanes. Absorbs the contact against iso blocks and pull blockers rather than delivering a blow to close the running lane. Missed first three games of 2014 season due to foot injury. Unable to turn corner as pass rusher and lacks pass-rush skill necessary for the position.
							
2015	Xzavier Dickson	2552682	OLB	Alabama	NA	Had in-conference streak of five straight games with at least 0.5 sacks and finished the season with nine total sacks. Gets adequate jump off the snap and into his pass rush with low pad level. If he gets the jump on tackle, will stay low to ground and come under and around the edge towards quarterback. Uses well timed shoulder turn and hand swipe to win the edge against waist-benders. Has the leverage and strength to get under pads and bull rush tackles. Consistent contributor for winning program and solid Alabama defense.
								Smooth body lacking the muscularity and definition usually found at the position. Doesn't dominate tight ends. Fails to set and hold the edge as regularly as desired. Content to lay on blocks rather than consistently disengaging and constricting the running lanes. Marginal athleticism with signs of stiffness in his lower body. Seems to be lacking competitive fire at times and isn't prone to aggressive pursuit of a play from the backside. Rarely used in coverage and primarily used as rush end.
							
2015	Alani Fua	2552683	OLB	BYU	NA	Extremely versatile and often moved around the field in a single game. Rushed passer from the slot, A-
gap and outside linebacker spot. Fluid in space. Frequently covered slot receivers. Good awareness in zone coverage. Zeroes in on target and tackles with consistency. Long rusher with burst off snap and acceleration to close. Takes a tight track to quarterback as rusher, playing with lean and leverage to squeeze the pocket. Can slip blocks, but generally leveraged his gap against run.
								Hybrid player lacking NFL-caliber edge-setting size and strength. Doesn't have enough explosive power behind his pads to convert speed to power as pass rusher. Primarily a run-and-rip rusher who must develop his hands and a counter move. Appears to study the play rather than being a reactive, instinctive player. Had a bad habit of coming under some blocks, losing outside contain.
							
2015	Mark Nzeocha	2552684	OLB	Wyoming	Went to high school in Germany at FOS Ansbach, but played club football for the Franken Knights youth team because his high school had no football team. Was a member of the German National Team who played in the 2009 Junior World Championships. Came to Wyoming as a safety/linebacker and immediately produced despite limited playing time. Recorded 32 tackles as a sophomore before exploding on the scene with 101 tackles (10 for loss) as a junior. As a senior, posted 59 tackles with two sacks, five passes defensed and two forced fumbles in just seven games before suffering a season-ending injury. Turned 25 years old on Jan. 1. His younger brother, Eric, also plays for Wyoming. Was named to the Academic All-Conference team in 2012, 2013 and 2014.	Size, strength and speed numbers are outstanding. Has length and speed to throw a net over running backs trying to turn a corner and reel them in. Busts it in the weight room. Shows power in his hands and upper body to strike a blow against second-level blockers and keep himself clean. Extremely rangy playmaking ability. Agile in his scrape and generally avoids trash at his feet. Former safety who has long speed to stick with running backs out of the backfield. Transitions forward with control and is a wrap-up tackler.
								Suffered a season-ending knee injury in October and it could impact his draft standing. Played club football in Germany during his high school years and is still learning to play the game. Instincts and awareness are well below average for the college game. Can be seen sprinting back into coverage on run plays and will drift around lost in zone coverage at times. Slow to diagnose and attack. Will take a poor angle into his run fit and lose leverage. Wyoming kept coverage as basic as it could for him.
							
2015	Max Valles	2552685	OLB	Virginia	NA	Long frame with room for more weight. Plays with consistent bend and good pad level. Uses leverage and snap in his hips to withstand power against much larger blockers at point of attack. Played with a hand down and as a stand-up outside 'backer. Has all the tools to become a good edge-setter as a pro. Shows ability to see past a blocker and win quickly with his hands. Too strong for most tight ends to block. Has plus burst to the ball when it is in his sights. Plays with speed and single-minded focus once he cuts it loose. Has athleticism to dip shoulder and turn a tight corner as pass rusher. Rare timing to deflect passes at line of scrimmage, batting down 13 passes over last two seasons, including 9 in 2014.
								Extremely raw. In need of more experience and more coaching. Shows very little instinct as a defensive end or linebacker and takes longer than desired to process what he sees. Won't always pursue the ball carrier with revved motor. Florida State tight end Nick O'Leary kept him blocked all game long. Lack of instincts and feel prevents him from utilizing proper footwork and angles to attempt tackles at times. Sack total skewed. Vast majority of sacks did not come with a win against a tackle.
							
2015	Damien Wilson	2552686	ILB	Minnesota	NA	Productive, volume tackler over his two years as a Gopher 'backer. Stays committed to the chase when ball spills wide. Shows a feel for blocks coming at him from an angle. Lines up the defense. Drops into zone coverage and spies the quarterback, mirroring the quarterback's eyes and cutting off the passing lane.
								Production and level of play fell off over his final four games against better competition, including Ohio State and Wisconsin. Allows himself to be cut-blocked on the second level. Lacks natural instincts from inside the box. Over-runs his run fit and can be easily pinned. Vacated his run responsibility, leading to long TDs from Ohio State's J.T. Barrett and Wisconsin's Melvin Gordon. Too often waits for blockers rather than beating them to the spot.
							
2015	Donald Celiscar	2552687	CB	Western Michigan	NA	Plays smothering brand of coverage. Thick through hips and thighs with power to manhandle slow or weak receivers from press coverage. Works overtime to stay wired to his man. Excels in trail coverage and has the the feet and feel to shut it down against comebacks or outs and swarm the route. Plays the ball with an attacking style and excellent timing to disrupt the catch. Has quick, bouncy feet with desired short area recovery ability. Has no problem throwing himself into the fray in run support.
								Average athlete. Gets tilted in coverage by good route runners. Shows marginal recovery speed on extended routes. Too reliant on his hands to corral receivers at the top of their route which could lead to flags on the next level. Doesn't have the deep speed to fade his aggressive tendencies when receivers fool him with varied route speed and get over the top.
							
2015	Justin Cox	2552688	FS	Mississippi St.	NA	Should post eye-catching timed speed at the NFL Scouting Combine. Former cornerback with natural footwork in coverage for a safety. Able to line up over slot and cover in man. Has closing burst on receiver after the throw. Speed offers him ability to get to perimeter and chase down running back in space. Maintains decent awareness between receiver and quarterback. Has the juice to recover when beaten over the top.
								Slightly built. Failed to win position outright after transferring to Mississippi State. Slow to process correct run-support angle. Will throw body blindly at a pile or dive low on ball carrier, missing his mark. Lacks instincts necessary to consistently make plays on the ball, relying simply on speed. Difficult to trust him as a "last line of defense." Teams expressing concern regarding November arrest on burglary and domestic violence charges. Cox pleaded guilty to misdemeanor charge of trespassing with domestic violence charge being dropped at victim's request.
							
2015	Ronald Darby	2552689	CB	Florida St.	NA	Former high school track star with "world-class speed." Can change directions suddenly with few false steps. Has requisite body control to handle the strain of press-man coverage. Easy swivel to his hips with ability to open, run and hit top speed quickly. Plays with instincts and awareness. Ready to come off his man to overlap and contest a catch or make a tackle. Digests combo routes and helps teammates lineup before snap. Recognizes route development and makes early break on throws. Ball-tracker with excellent timing to high-point and disrupt the catch. Lack of on-ball production tied to quarterbacks avoiding him. Technically proficient with hand usage in press and maintains feel for receiver. Constricts throwing windows in zone coverage. Steps downhill and attacks against the run.
								Susceptible to inside releases, with feet stuttering before transitioning to close distance on loose receiver. Like teammate P.J. Williams, he must learn to play without so much grabbing downfield. Needs improvement with back to ball. Anxious to stay on top of route from press and opens door for comebacks underneath. Will occasionally lose track of his man in scramble situations. Not a hitter. Scouts question his toughness. Will get muscled by bigger receivers. Ducks head as tackler and prefers to hit with helmet over wrapping up against running backs. Will lose interceptions to his below-average hands. Reportedly refused to testify during Jameis Winston's FSU code-of-conduct hearing, which stemmed from a sexual assault accusation against Winston. Darby witnessed the encounter between Winston and the accuser. Darby was cleared of wrongdoing in the incident by an FSU hearing panel.
							
2015	Durell Eskridge	2552690	FS	Syracuse	NA	Has good height and length and a frame that should be able to pack on more muscle as his body matures. Uses controlled, stalking movement as he heads downhill to tackle. Plays perimeter run with consistent leverage and always appears to be aware of where his help is. Recognizes routes and can track the ball when challenged downfield. Has adequate athleticism. Shows good awareness against play-action and is quick to drop into coverage.
								Needs more game experience to sharpen his instincts and process more quickly. Gets into deep, speedy backpedal giving away too much cushion in instances it isn't needed. Waits until he sees the throw before breaking. Plays through a straw too frequently. Spins wheels in neutral when transitioning forward on throws in front of him. Ducks head into tackles and often takes brunt of the hit. Recovery quickness just average. Gets careless as tackler when he loses leverage to outside.
							
2015	Charles Gaines	2552691	CB	Louisville	NA	Came to Louisville as wide receiver and has unique feel for what's coming from routes. Outstanding mirror/match work in man coverage. Extremely patient and confident in coverage. Maintains balance and body control in routes. Refuses to overreact or be tilted by head fakes and jab steps within the route. Allows receiver to declare his release before opening from press. Plays on bouncy feet with above-average twitch. Can break off backpedal suddenly and accelerate forward to challenge a throw. Not overly grabby downfield. Reads quarterback, looking for clues to jump throws. Flashes necessary recovery speed. Not fooled by playaction. Instincts above desired mark for cover cornerback.
								Frame could use more size to match up with NFL receivers. Wasn't challenged often in 2014, with just 56 targets against. Too ready to run routes for receivers, opening himself to double moves. Play speed slows when turning head to look for ball against go routes. Ball tracking and body adjustments to deep ball need improvement. In deep zone, allows too much space to wide receivers running deep crosses and posts. Run support? No thanks. Stays blocked after engagement and isn't physical when he gets his chance. Missed interception opportunities in three games due to hands.
							
2015	Chris Hackett	2552692	FS	TCU	NA	Steps downhill to support run, breaking down in space and playing under control. While he's not a big hitter, he will do whatever is needed to make the tackle. Smart and instinctive. Shows a great feel for what offenses are doing immediately after the snap. Started for three years for well-coached defensive unit. Found the ball and made plays with 12 interceptions in three years, including seven in 2014.
								Doesn't run well. Struggles to provide range over the top from sideline to sideline as deep safety. Will overcompensate to quarterback's eyes and can be moved from his spot due to lack of recovery speed. Has issues in zone coverage when receiver stems routes and will get beaten deep when he has deep responsibility.
							
2015	Troy Hill	2552693	CB	Oregon	NA	Ultra-competitive, quick-twitch athlete. Stays low and smooth in backpedal and can throw his hips open quickly from retreat to turn and run. Gobbles up combo routes from zone coverage without busting. Plays with improved instincts and readiness. Reads quarterback's eyes and is eager to make a play on the ball. Can overlap and make plays outside his area. Was third in nation in passes defensed with 19. Takes good angles on the throw and gets hand and arm into framework of the receiver at point of catch to knock throw away. Transitions quickly from coverage into tackler against loose wideout or runner. Has adequate play speed and is an explosive leaper. Will come up and hit with as much force as he can muster.
								Skinny, lanky body that could take pounding in trying to tackle NFL running backs. Shows slight stutter step when transitioning from backpedal into change of direction mode. Reads receiver?s eyes, but needs to improve with turning to find ball and finish with interceptions. Feisty, but lacking play strength to consistently disengage from big blockers on perimeter. Has to hit low or he needs help to bring down big receivers and running backs as a tackler. Took on 160 yards worth of penalties over last two seasons. Suspended at end of 2013 for violating unspecified team rules and missed bowl game that season following arrest for domestic incident. Plead down to misdemeanor menacing and ordered to take anger control classes. Character must be combed through.
							
2015	Anthony Jefferson	2552694	CB	UCLA	Started 25 games over the last two seasons with a total of 161 tackles, 17 passes defensed and three interceptions during that span. Presented the Kenneth S. Washington Award for Outstanding Senior of the Year at the team's annual banquet in 2014 and was named honorable mention all-conference in 2013. Originally committed to Oregon out of high school but switched commitment to be near ailing grandfather. Father Anthony played defensive back briefly in CFL. Mother, Alyce Carter, passed away when A.J. was 2 years old.	Body looks made for the safety position. Played cornerback and safety and was generally willing to do whatever his team needed in any given game. Able to cover tight ends. Uses his cornerback skill of reading routes to clue him in for an early charge downhill as safety. Takes good angles to the ball and will drive through his target at impact. Has shown great mental toughness through adversity.
								Below average athleticism and play speed. Plays with heavy feet and slower twitch than desired from high-risk position. Below average cover skills when matched up against quickness. Tight through lower body with labored change of direction. Was a better tackle finisher in 2013 than 2014. Instincts are still developing on top as safety. Missed most of 2010 with a broken foot and all of 2011 with a herniated disk that required surgery.
							
2015	Garry Peters	2552695	CB	Clemson	NA	Excels in bump-and-run coverage. Uses every bit of his length to disrupt and manhandle receivers off the line of scrimmage. Uses functional shuffle step to help keep him moving before opening hips when beaten from press. Plays hard and competes throughout the snap. Crowds and bullies receivers on outside releases to boundary side. In run support, challenges receivers aggressively and dispenses with them to make tackles. Eyes quarterback as long as he can from zone against combo routes in order to read where throws might be going. Knows where the sticks are and looks to keep third down throws in front of them. Effective in run support and batting passes when asked to blitz from corner spot.
								Light with average deep speed. Late starter with feet. Long-strider with elongated steps rolling into coverage. Doesn't have the twitchy feet to change direction suddenly. Struggles to mirror and match with technique preferring to mug and maul with physicality. Has become very reliant upon grabbing downfield to regain balance or stay wired to receiver. Must learn to trust feet over hands in the pros. Marginal click and close talent. After planting from backpedal to close forward, takes shallow first step slowing the process and limiting interceptions.
							
2015	James Sample	2552696	SS	Louisville	Attended Grant High School in Sacramento, California. Was named to the High School All-American team and voted to participate in the U.S. Army All-American Bowl. Ranked No. 9 safety coming out of high school. Signed with Washington. Suffered a shoulder injury that required surgery in 2011. Played in just five games over first two seasons at Washington. Transferred to American River Juco for one season before transferring to Louisville to play for Bobby Petrino. In his single season at Louisville, he posted 90 tackles (74 solo), with four interceptions. High school friend and teammate of University of Washington linebacker Shaq Thompson.	Plays with good pursuit speed in chasing the the ball from sideline to sideline. Muscular, well-defined box safety. Proficient tackler in space. Gets downhill quickly and comes ready to tackle. Has a nose for the ball with 74 solo tackles this year and four interception. Willing to range outside of his area in zone coverage if he has no coverage targets in order to try and make a play.
								Has only one season as a full-time starter with relatively few reps under his belt from his days at Washington. Overreacts to play-fakes putting himself into precarious coverage shape. Instincts and awareness in coverage are lacking. Relies on reading receiver rather than checking in more frequently on quarterback's eyes. Sits and waits for running backs to bring it to him rather than exploding into them head-on. Needs more experience to improve in coverage.
							
2015	Jermaine Whitehead	2552697	FS	Auburn	NA	NA	NA
2015	Julian Wilson	2552698	CB	Oklahoma	NA	Good-looking athlete in uniform with desired size in secondary. Was willing to play through a broken thumb in 2014. Has taken snaps at safety spots in sub packages. Heralded high school sprinter with blazing straight-line speed. Expected to run a blazing 40 time at NFL Scouting Combine. Showed he could bail and run with just about every receiver he faced in Big 12.
								Despite his straight-line speed, his play speed is below average. Struggles in off coverage. Slow to squeeze receivers coming out of their breaks. Tape shows a lack of competitive toughness and play strength. Lacks initial pop and smoothness of backpedal to be a disruptive press-cover corner. Rarely fights through receivers or goes the extra mile to make a play on the ball. Has size to play safety, but isn't physical enough against the run to be trusted in that spot.
							
2015	Wil Baumann	2552699	P	N.C. State	NA	Quality leg strength. Finished with 45.5 yard average with a 4.1 hang time per kick. Has fast snap-to-punt time of 2.0 seconds. Led the ACC with 20 percent of his punts inside the 10-yard line.
								Not much for tackling when a stray return man gets into the open field.
							
2015	Kyle Brindza	2552700	K	Notre Dame	NA	Punted, kicked field goals and handled kickoffs for Notre Dame. Has requisite power in his leg by NFL standards. Averaged 63.4 yards per kickoff with a 64.2 percent touchback mark.
								Passive on kick coverage. Unlikely to be a reliable last line of defense against stray returns. Made just 58.3 percent of his kicks in 2014. Struggled to misses late in games. Five of his 10 misses came in the fourth quarter or in overtime.
							
2015	Joe Cardona	2552701	LS	Navy	NA	NA	NA
2015	Kyle Christy	2552702	P	Florida	NA	NA	NA
2015	Sam Ficken	2552703	K	Penn St.	NA	Careful to maintain his lane responsibility on kick coverage and ready and willing to make the tackle if necessary. Has longest field goal in Penn State history with a 54-yarder in 2013.
								Kicks with a low trajectory. Has had 10 of 75 field goal attempts blocked during his time at Penn State. Leg strength considered below NFL normal for kickoffs with just 30 percent touchbacks and a 3.6-second hang time.
							
2015	Will Johnson	2552704	P	Texas St.	NA	NA	NA
2015	Josh Lambo	2552705	K	Texas A&M	NA	NA	NA
2015	Kyle Loomis	2552706	P	Portland St.	NA	Booming averaging 46.5 and 46 yards per punt over last two years. Has consistent hang-time numbers allowing his kick cover team to swarm returners. Plus directional punting with ability to deaden punts and kick to the coffin corner.
								Had two of his punts returned for touchdowns in 2014. Will turn 28 years old in September.
							
2015	Justin Manton	2552707	K	Louisiana-Monroe	NA	Versatile and can handle any kicking needs on any given day. Kicks with accuracy and strikes the ball with consistency on field goals. Lands above the magic 50 percent touchback mark to be considered NFL kicker with 53.7 percent. Showed ability to handle poor snaps as punter.
								Has slow approach to the kick for field goals and punts. Slow, three-step approach to his punt was blocked by Wake Forest and returned for a touchdown. Average hang-time for kickoffs (3.6) and punts (3.4) are both poor. Marginal power.
							
2015	Trevor Pardula	2552708	P	Kansas	NA	NA	NA
2015	Jared Roberts	2552709	K	Colorado St.	NA	Made three of four field goal attempts from 50-plus yards this season. Saw a dramatic increase in his kickoff distance and hang time from 2013 to 2014. Consistently placed kicks where he was aiming -- left hash. Hits ball low and gets elevation quickly. No kicks blocked over last two years. Hit 46-yard game winner as time expired against Utah State.
								Distance stats inflated for field goals and kickoffs due to altitude. Made just 12 of 20 field goal attempts this year and was only three of seven from 40-49 yards. Will drift around tackle area, but not trustworthy as a kick return tackler.
							
2015	Spencer Roth	2552710	P	Baylor	NA	Planted 40.4 percent of his punts inside the 20 yard line. Punted to his coverage and punt cover team swarmed almost all return attempts. Had just two touchbacks in 47 punts.

								Average snap-to-punt time. Must improve his ratio of punt yardage (43.4) to hang time (3.9). Showed loss of focus when heat closed in on him causing much shorter punts.

							
2015	Bradley Pinion	2552711	P	Clemson	NA	Has NFL-desired ratio of punting distance to hang time with a 42.6-yard average and a 4.1-second hang time. Forced opponents to fair catch his punts 44 percent of the time. Only 2.6 percent of his punts went for touchbacks (75 total punts in 2014).
								Had timing issues on a few of his rugby punts effecting distance. Despite hang time and lack of touchbacks, landed just 10.7 percent of his punts inside the 10 yard line. Not weather-tested.
							
2015	Nigel King	2552713	WR	Kansas	NA	Good size on the outside. Hands are adequate. Catches the ball away from his body and demonstrates good concentration in traffic. Has enough strength to win battles for the ball in traffic. Offers a presentable target for quarterback. Makes proper hot adjustments against blitz. Position blocker in run game, taking proper angles to help leverage running back's outside track. Gets into safe spots within zone and readies himself.
								Can get caught up hand fighting against press corners off the release. Below-average athlete for the position. One-speed receiver who is unable to explode out of breaks to create instant throwing window for quarterback. Can't be relied upon to get separation over the top on verticals. Prolonged gear down into break, allowing cornerbacks to squeeze short routes. Must improve arm extension on high-point attempts rather than letting ball get into his body.
							
2016	Christian Westerman	2555131	OG	Arizona State	Westerman was a top national recruit who attended Auburn for his first two years, losing most of his redshirt freshman season due to injury before deciding to return to his home state of Arizona to finish his career. He excelled last fall in his first season as a starter for the Sun Devils, earning honorable mention All-Pac-12 notice for his stout play and mobility at left guard. Westerman's play his senior campaign did not disappoint, as his attitude, stoutness, mobility, and solid technique made him a second-team all-conference performer.	Outstanding athleticism and movement skills. Is quick off the snap and able to beat defenders to the spot. Can get to difficult cross<U+613C><U+3E64>-face blocks using timing, technique and footwork. At his best when on the move. When pulling or climbing to second level, has a terrific connect rate against moving targets in space. True technician. Plays with desired balance and base and his feet rarely stop chopping and working after contact. Approaches target with bend and rolls hips up under him after contact. Has massive bear paws for hands and is a weight room freak daddy. Has hand placement and upper body strength to lockout pass rushers if he gets extension first. Father was a three-year starter at guard for Arizona State. Should test off the charts at the combine.
								While he moves stacks of weights with ease, his play strength doesn't always match that when matched up against interior power players. Short yardage push will not be an NFL strength. May need more mass on his frame to handle NFL defensive tackles. When asked to base block, becomes more of a stalemate blocker than block-winner. Could use a more authoritative punch in pass protection. I question whether he can effectively redirect interior pass rushers once they get into the edge on him.
							
2016	Cody Whitehair	2555132	OG	Kansas St.	As the Wildcats' strongest and most athletic lineman, Whitehair (6-4, 309) has been moved from right tackle to left guard, back to right tackle, and finally to left tackle for his last two seasons. His play on the blind side earned him first-team All-Big 12 honors in 2015 (following two second-team nods and an honorable mention as a freshman), as he not only possesses the footwork to hold off edge rushers but understands the angles needed to free space for running backs. His versatility and technique make him among the top linemen in the draft class.	Four-<U+613C><U+3E64>year starter voted team captain in 2015. Tireless worker bee in the weight room and in practices who brings a high degree of dependability and consistency to the table. Team-oriented. Played exceptionally well while out of position at left tackle for Kansas State. Atypical body composure and control. Is almost always in complete control of his body thanks to outstanding core strength and balance. Extremely efficient with his movements after the snap. Has played both guard and both tackle spots and has roster value at all five positions. Mirrors with a wide, stout base and has great feel for keeping defender squared up throughout the rep. Confident, composed and competitive. Smooth and athletic when asked to pull and has radar to find target and strike accurate blow. Makes up for shorter arms with massive hands that function as vise grips. Consistent with hand placement and extremely sticky blocker. Combines hand strength and balance to snatch and control a defender until the whistle blows. Can sink hips at contact and should be able to stalemate bigger players across from him. Exceptional body control and core strength allows him to successfully redirect defenders who get to his edge.
								Arm length is below average for interior lineman. Allows longer defenders into his framework a little too often. Needs to play with slightly faster hands inside and improve the timing of his punch. May not be able to carry much more mass on his frame. Has core power but lack of length and overall girth could lead to him allowing some pocket push against bull rushers. Played from two-point stance as tackle in college and needs to prove he can fire out of three-point stance and generate push at the point of attack in the running game. May need additional work and reps to get timing and angles right from the guard spot. Will get caught lunging at times when playing in space.
							
2016	Connor McGovern	2555133	OG	Missouri	One of the strongest players in college football, McGovern has broken weight room records at Mizzou (like a 690-pound squat) and actually tore his pectoral muscle trying to bench 515 pounds. The Gatorade High School Player of the Year in North Dakota in 2010, McGovern's not just all muscle. He's started for three years at right guard, right tackle, and then left tackle as a senior. Though McGovern was solid for the Tigers at tackle, scouts consider him a better interior prospect due to that strength and his underrated movement skills. He hopes to move up boards throughout the process, just like his teammate, Mitch Morse, who was picked in the mid-second round by Kansas City in the 2015 draft.	Has broad waist and possesses outstanding strength. Broke school record with six squats of 690 pounds and partially tore his pectoral muscle during one off-<U+613C><U+3E64>season attempting to bench press 515 pounds (did not miss any games). Takes good angles up to second level on zone plays targeting the outside shoulder of the linebacker. Solid short area foot quickness and adequate athleticism. Able to make quick step inside to catch stunts and inside pass rush moves. Smooth, well-balanced pass sets out to defensive ends. Plays with ready hands. Has potential to land heavy punch in pass protection. When he gets on top of edge rushers, understands how to crowd them and take away their options. Mindful of twists and stunts and sees "games" early.
								Still a little raw in his pass sets. Relies on opening gate and chasing edge rusher up the field rather than trusting footwork. Gets a little loose with his feet on high side of the arc and might open up inside counter moves to the quarterback (as a tackle). Has shorter arms than teams desire from tackles. Will get too cute with his hands at times rather than landing a big punch and snatching his target. Top heavy, barrel-chested build. Needs to play with better bend and wider base in space. Gets caught on skates and unable to change directions quickly when forced to adjust to moving targets on second level. As a guard, must be careful not to over-commit to first block T/E twists.
							
2016	Dominick Jackson	2555134	OG	Alabama	Jackson was one of the top junior college players in the country at the College of San Mateo in 2013, dominating his competition at the guard position on an every-play basis. Although he played as a reserve in first year with Alabama, he made the field as a blocking back in goal-line situations because of his athleticism and willingness to take on defenders in the hole. Jackson's run blocking as the Tide?s starting right tackle in 2015 lived up to the hype, and he was solid enough in pass protection as well to be named second-team All-SEC. Jackson's versatility will be valued by NFL scouts.	Has the bubble and lower leg thickness teams look for from guards. Showed improvement throughout the season. Good natural strength. Plays with desired pad level out of snap. Rarely gets pushed around by pure power. Has natural anchor to absorb a blow from downhill linebacker and maintain contact balance. Has power in trunk to build a wall when he gets his man sealed off in run game. Excels in short pull game, stalking and leveraging his second level targets. As base blocker, keeps hands inside framework of defender and looks to latch on. Shows some ability to redirect and recover rather than taking a loss when losing early in run rep. Adequate initial quickness with understanding of angles. Patient combination blocker when needed. Plays with a sturdy base and better body control than expected. Keeps head up and out of his pass sets and has the anchor and arm extension to hold up to bull rushers from guard position. Shows room for continued improvement.
								At times, more of a positional blocker than drive blocker. Allows base to narrow as drive blocker. Doesn't always play to his power potential. Too content to engage and push rather than impose his will on opponent with booming impact at point of attack. As run blocker, hands can fly open a little on second level blocks. Has some hip tightness that limits his athleticism. If he's not tight with footwork and angles, he can?t win. Needs to engage with more aggression on second level. Will allow linebackers to escape his clutches. Doesn't have the feet necessary to be an NFL tackle in pass protection. Average change of direction against pass rush. Scouts question his ability to process quickly against blitzes and twists if he moves to guard. Can be lethargic with initial punch opening door for crafty pass rushers. Short arms for the position. Needs to use faster, jabbing punch. Not athletic enough to recover as pass blocker when beaten.
							
2016	Donavon Clark	2555135	OG	Michigan St.	The Spartans had one of the best offensive lines in the country in 2015, when healthy. And when injuries took out someone up front, Clark used his toughness, stout build and length to change positions. Spartan coaches plugged him in at left tackle for four games in 2013, split his time between right tackle (five games) and right guard (eight) during his junior year, and he switched back and forth between those last two positions often during his senior year. The 2015 third-team All-Big Ten coaches' pick is best inside at the next level, and he has the attributes to provide reliable backup services, if not start. 	Decent quickness laterally when asked to pull and trap. Has quick second step off the snap and into his target. Showed versatility in college. Primarily started at right guard, but also had nine starts at right tackle and six starts at left tackle. Wide<U+613C><U+3E64> body with power to push if his contact point is good. Praised for leadership qualities. Good football IQ. Was shifted from position to position in-game and was able to handle responsibilities. Recognizes twist looks.
								High cut with issues changing direction. Plays in both running game and passing game with a base that is entirely too narrow causing him to lose balance. Leans into second level blocks with head and shoulders out over his feet. Unable to sustain blocks for very long and struggles to consistently secure blocks when asked to move. Hand placement can turn into hug placement.
							
2016	Joe Dahl	2555136	OG	Washington St.	After spending one year at the University of Montana and another sitting out as a transfer student, Dahl stepped into the starting lineup for the Cougars and hasn't left. He was the team?s left guard for the 2013 regular season before moving out to left tackle for the bowl game ?- his home for the past two seasons. It?s no surprise head coach/offensive mad genius Mike Leach can pass 50 times a game with minimal pressure given Dahl's ability to lock down the quarterback?s blind side with good lateral movement and a solid anchor. Despite earning first-team All-Pac-12 and USA Today second-team All-American accolades at left tackle in 2015, NFL scouts will want Dahl moved inside at the next level due to his average size and length. Either way, he?ll be a worthy pick as a potential starter.	Has started at guard and tackle and could be considered emergency tackle in a pinch. Decent flexibility in his lower half. Uses wide base as run blocker. Despite playing in pass-happy offense, shows ability to fire out with pop into defender and get some initial push as drive blocker. Good grip to maintain his initial block. Has hand quickness to move inside. Does a nice job of shifting weight to challenge inside moves. Coaches rave about his work habits and ability to retain information. Added weight and then muscle to his frame over last two years. Works his tail off to recover when beaten in pass protection. Constantly looking for work and will cave in pass rusher engaged with his teammate.
								Feet are a little bit heavy and he can be a little plodding when asked to block in space. Doesn't possess second level quickness to consistently get to cut<U+613C><U+3E64>off blocks. Sluggish change of direction may turn his near misses into sacks and tackles for losses against NFL athletes. Arm length is below average so he will need more core strength to drop anchor and take a stand. Uses crab-hand punch with hands outside the frame allowing forward leaning bull rushers to push the pocket. As game progresses, shows some waist-bending tendencies.
							
2016	Jordan Walsh	2555137	OG	Iowa	It?s no wonder that the Hawkeyes had success on offense in 2015 with guys like Walsh up front. The three-year starter at right guard stands up his man in pass protection and anchors despite a slightish frame. He impressed league coaches enough, using his agility and explosion, to be voted first-team All-Conference this fall. Expect NFL offensive line coaches to be similarly captivated with his skill set.	Plays with good foot quickness and works his combination blocks with excellent timing and teamwork. Technique in pass protection showed great improvement from 2014 to 2015. Consistent hand placement is big for him. Mirrors well with ability shuffle and changes directions with ease. Hands always at the ready and uses quick<U+613C><U+3E64>-triggered, well-placed punch to counter his lack of size in pass protection. Comes out of snaps with flat back and low pads. Able to adjust his body and blocks when engaged in space. Well-coached. Can keep defenders moving on zone plays and is able to kick out and finish. His tape was very consistent throughout the season.
								Play strength is average and he must add mass. Has some tenacity as a blocker, but needs technique to be on point to handle NFL size up front. Will need to eliminate leaning on second level blocks to improve his sustained blocking. Babies his cut blocks. Needs to get better at working through target. Unlikely to generate power or movement at point of attack as base blocker. Won?t fit in power-based run game. Base gets a little wide in pass protection. At times, labors to pass off initial twist which puts him behind when next man comes his way over the top. Strength to secure cross-face blocks and overall contact balance in question. Anchor is average against bull rushers.
							
2016	Joshua Garnett	2555138	OG	Stanford	Garnett, the son of an NFL nose tackle (Scott Garnett), played in the shadow of other NFL-ready Stanford linemen like 2015 first-round pick Andrus Peat before his senior year. He emerged from that shadow this fall, however, winning numerous All-American honors and the Outland Trophy as the nation?s top interior lineman. His combination of size (6-5, 325) and movement dropped jaws around college football -- especially when he takes an occasional turn as an H-back. Add intelligence and a nasty streak, and Garnett?s got everything an offensive line coach would want to be part of his group.	Powerful frame with dense, muscular lower body. Very powerful at point of attack -- especially as base blocker. Held his own in the power department against UCLA?s Kenny Clark. If he gets downhill momentum on defender, it?s lights out. Able to strike and center his blocks between his shoulders. Team captain. Very good hand placement, upper body strength and hip torque to steer and turn opponent on hook blocks. Generates good power from legs and hips. Block winner in tight space near goal line. Takes good angles to second level block to make up for his lack of athleticism. Hard to beat him early in the rep on run plays. Can bury gap shooters with cave<U+613C><U+3E64>-in blocks. Comes out of stance with good bend, pad level explosion into target. Has power and hand strength to snap off twisters and receive incoming defender. Well schooled with good hand work.
								Despite being asked to pull and get cut-off blocks at Stanford, he has some athletic limitations that could be magnified in pros. Slow to get out in front on long pulls. Gets a little lazy with his feet and tries to outmuscle opponents rather than combining strength with proper footwork. Falls in love with mashing opponents within the early stages of a rep and forgets to bring his feet under him to secure the block causing him to fall off at times. Head-ducking pass protector who misses twists at times because he sees them too late. Opens himself up to problems against crafty defensive tackles by leaning too much in protection. More of a hug and contain approach against rushers rather than inside punch.
							
2016	Landon Turner	2555139	OG	North Carolina	An absolute road grader, Turner has turned the heads of NFL general managers with his ability to move the line of scrimmage. The three-plus year starter at right guard followed up a third-team All-ACC junior campaign with an first-team Associated Press All-American and first-team all-conference senior year. The nephew of former NFL fullback Jim Braxton plays with the same tough mindset as his uncle.	Thickly built with a bulldozer for a lower body. Grown man strength with jolting power in his hands. Blows the doors off of defensive tackles that don't have meat on their bones and power to match up. Explodes with full force into his target, bench presses his victim and runs feet after contact to finish the job. Seals down blocks and can redirect gap shooters as long as he gets his hands on them. Not overly flexible, but has enough bend at the point of attack for small space, phone booth ball. Pass sets with good arm extension and adequate posture to give him his best shot at changing direction when needed. Ability to mirror shows promise for a man his size. Plays with aggression and looks to impose his will. Pass protection and overall play showed noticeable improvement from where he was in 2014.
								Smashes opposition with pure power but doesn't have the bend to snap hips into blocks and secure them longer. Needs to improve his sloppy hand placement. Labors with lateral movement. Straight-legged mover in space and will be very hit or miss when asked to pull and hit targets while on the move. Predictable change of direction concerns. Sees when power step against inside move is needed, but feet don?t always cooperate. Needs combo blocks to be right in front of him or he tends to whiff on second level. Marginal reactive athleticism limits sustained blocks against active, eager defenders. Could struggle quite a bit in pass protection against speedy, sub <U+613C><U+3E64>package pass rushers inside.
							
2016	Lene Maiava	2555140	OG	Arizona	In his first year as a full-time starter, Maiava (my-AH-vah) earned enough love from scouts to earn postseason all-star game invitations. The Wildcats' senior right tackle started all 13 games for the squad in the fall, after coming in a "super sub" in his sophomore and junior years. Maiava stepped in for seven starts at either guard spot as well as one as right tackle in 2013 and 2014. The Samoan didn't know any English when he arrived in the United State for the 2011 Polynesian All-American Bowl, and also went through adversity during his redshirt freshman season when he suffered a season-ending torn ACL. 	Has ability to generate push as a drive blocker. Accelerates into his block and churns his feet to widen rushing lanes when down blocking. Possesses adequate power to play inside. Decent lateral agility and quickness and is an effective cut blocker. Uses fluid, jabbing punch and works to re<U+613C><U+3E64>set hands when they are out of position. Improved pass protection technique as season progressed. Will lean at times, but isn?t a head ducker. Athletic enough to pull and get out in front. Has experience at both guard spots and right tackle.
								Has long torso and short legs. Tight hips cause issues gaining necessary ground with kickslide in pass pro making life as an NFL tackle challenging. When he senses his edge is threatened by speed, he?ll lean and lunge. Has issues oversetting and opening a lane to his quarterback. Lacks recovery skills. Once beaten around the corner, it?s over. Struggles maintaining proper weight distribution causing him to play on skates when in space. Marginal instincts. Slow to adjust his plans as run blocker and can be fooled by blitz looks.
							
2016	Marquis Lucas	2555141	OG	West Virginia	Lucas' life came more into focus when he became a father early last year, as he knew that he could help provide for his family with hard work in the classroom and on the football field.  And with leaders on the offensive line Mark Glowinski and Quinton Spain leaving school, Lucas got his opportunity to step into a leadership role. Not that he hadn't contributed in previous years; Lucas was a reserve in his redshirt freshman season, started four games at guard in 2013, and then started all 13 games at right tackle as a junior. He made the move to the left side for the Mountaineers this fall, and he grabbed the attention of NFL scouts in the process.	Might offer roster flexibility as a reserve guard or tackle. Has serviceable foot quickness in his pass sets and climbing to the second level. Understands hand placement and will work to re<U+613C><U+3E64>establish his hands inside when beaten to the punch by defender. Strong hands to grasp and ride it out. Shows patience and timing when shooting his hands in pass pro. Uses proper angles and footwork when bouncing to second block of a combo. Not a great athlete but good enough to be considered by teams. Plays with composure and doesn?t show much panic no matter who he is facing.
								Flexibility is a concern as he doesn't show much hip bend causing him to play way higher than desired. Not as tall as desired from the tackle position and doesn't have above average arm length to make up for it. Some scouts concerned over hand quickness if bumped inside to guard. Needs to improve pad level for more leverage at point of attack. Not much initial jolt at first contact, feet slow and base tends to narrow robbing him of build up power. Cross-face blocks could be a chore. Plays from behind when facing plus athletes.
							
2016	Rees Odhiambo	2555142	OG	Boise St.	The native of Kenya has been impressive over the past three years when healthy, displaying pro-caliber footwork and a solid anchor in pass protection while earning All-Conference honors the past two years (second-team in 2014, first-team in 2015). However, Odhiambo (pronounced AH-dee-AHM-bo) has not been able to start more than nine games in any season due to injuries (he broke his ankle in this season?s ninth game). Still, whether he serves as an undersized tackle or proves strong enough to move inside (like former Boise State LT Daryn Colledge), Odhiambo has starter-quality skills. 	Played tackle in college but will be considered at both tackle and guard and carries some two<U+613C><U+3E64>-position value. Looks great on the hoof with muscle and thickness throughout his frame. Flexible hips and knees and should be able to drop his pad level as guard in the pros. Uses wide, well-balanced base and possesses above-average body control. Tough, technique-driven approach. Uses feet to close distance with target rather than reaching, leaning and panicking. Able to maintain power when moving laterally. Has athleticism and body control to be effective pulling guard and zone scheme fit as right tackle or guard. Keeps eyes up and on his target at all times. Can mirror and punch with inside hands. Upper body strength and hip snap to turn opponent as base blocker. Has heavy hands and makes defenders feel it when he lands.
								Suffered a broken ankle that knocked him out for the season in late October. Has had to cope with injuries during his time at Boise. Never played a full season of football. Despite his physical talent, will let blocks get away from him that appear to be secured. Can be late with his hands. Not as tall or long as NFL teams are looking for from NFL tackles. Will need to prove he can play with faster hands if he bumps inside to guard. At times lingers with his punch opening him up to issues with crafty interior defenders. Would like to see him snatch and maintain his grasp rather than just punching and pushing. Despite his bend, doesn?t always generate the leverage he should at the point of attack.
							
2016	Sebastian Tretola	2555143	OG	Arkansas	Tretola actually began his career at Nevada, redshirting one season and starting four games the next, before heading to Iowa Western Community College for the 2013 season. In his first year with the Razorbacks, he used a strong base and brute strength to pave the way for two 1,000-yard rushers in Alex Collins and Jonathan Williams. Collins again crossed the 1,000-yard barrier in 2015, benefiting from Tretola's (who earned first-team All-SEC honors as a senior) mauling ways. 	Outstanding frame and overall thickness throughout. Powerful upper body strength with a natural anchor down below. Won't lose many "power-on-power" scraps. Built like a bruising, NFL-<U+613C><U+3E64>caliber guard in a power scheme. Can dominate as a base blocker. Possesses the will and exceptional power to generate early movement and take control of the neutral zone. When he gets his arms locked out, it's usually over for defenders. Nasty play demeanor. Arkansas staff can?t speak highly enough about him. One of the unsung catalysts over last two seasons for Arkansas? power rushing attack. Willing to sumo fight with his hands and work to re-position them at the point of attack. Not a natural bender, but does work hard at trying to keep pad level as low as he can. Faced off against first round defensive tackle talent in the SEC and answered the bell. Recognizes twists and games up front. Mindful with footwork in lateral and can be more effective than expected when asked to reach and hook defenders.
								Short area, phone booth plodder. Noticeable leg stiffness with limited area of effectiveness. Feet stay stuck in the grass after initial contact leaving him susceptible to falling off blocks. Turns into a mauling, bear-hugger as second-level blocker. Inconsistent on combo blocks struggling to get off first block and up to the linebacker. Lack of athleticism limits ability to take quality angles up to flowing linebackers. Will duck head into contact in pass protection and has issues with over-setting against athletic tackles. Has issues with leaning and wide hands in pass pro that are unlikely to change in the pros. Ineffective at changing direction and reacting to sudden a-gap slashers and is likely to get your quarterback hit from time to time. Balance and body control are below average -- especially on the move.
							
2016	Spencer Drango	2555144	OG	Baylor	A four-year starter, there's no questioning Drango's intensity or strength at the line of scrimmage. The 2014 consensus and 2015 unanimous All-American and first-team all-conference pick has the size and strength to lock onto defensive ends, but still has the mobility to pull inside to lead for a rushing attack that ranks in the top three in the country in rushing yards, including an astounding 645 against North Carolina in the Russell Athletic Bowl.  	Doesn't always look pretty, but Drango gets guys blocked. Figures to move inside to guard as a pro which better suits his game. Has some mean that will show itself during the game. Loves to mash defenders into the ground with a strong finish when he gets a chance. Powerful upper body. Able to push players around if he takes an early lead in the rep. Has ability to seal his down <U+613C><U+3E64>blocks with authority. Asked to play in space in Baylor running game and will be able to do same as an NFL guard. Quality setup in his pass sets with properly distributed weight.
								Unusually high-cut body type with a barrel chest, extra weight through his midsection but average lower body. One scout referred to it as a "Spongebob frame". When attempting to pull, has an unusual and exaggerated hitch out of his stance. Plays like a short-armed lineman rather than a guy with decent arm length (33-inch arms). Has a slow, predictable punch in pass protection which is too easily countered by defenders. Has difficulty landing and maintaining proper hand placement through his run blocks which hinders ability to sustain. Slow to redistribute weight and change direction.
							
2016	Ted Karras	2555145	OG	Illinois	Talk about a football family -- seven members of the Karras clan have played Big Ten football, and four of them went on to the NFL, including the late Pro Bowler Alex Karras, who is Ted's great uncle. Growing up around the game certainly aided his development as a player, but name recognition isn't why he's on this list. The 2014 and 2015 honorable mention All-Big Ten pick has been a starter for the Illini since arriving on campus, although he missed the final four games of his junior season with a torn left ACL and MCL. Karras bounced back to start all 12 games, playing quite well, as a senior.	Four-year starter at right guard. Uses brute upper body strength to get defenders turned and sealed. Drops a hammer on down blocks to knock running lanes open. Effective power in small spaces. Adequate hand placement, but generally keeps them inside. Gritty demeanor on the field. Quality pass sets with a heavy-<U+613C><U+3E64>handed punch. Rare football lineage as the seventh member of the Karras family to play in the Big Ten. Intensity on game day is legendary. Penalized just twice over the last two seasons. Decent body control.
								Plays with stiffness in his lower half, and his lack of functional knee bend will always limit his leverage and blocking range. Usually not the low man as base blocker. Unable to sit down and change directions effectively in space. Execution of second level blocks is below par. Has issues sustaining blocks when moving laterally. Susceptible to an occasional bull rush.
							
2016	Vadal Alexander	2555146	OG	LSU	After starting for two years next to La'el Collins at left guard (earning second-team All-SEC honors as a junior), Alexander moved back to right tackle (where he earned freshman All-American honors in starting the final seven games in 2012) for his senior year. He played well enough on the outside to earn first-team All-SEC honors in 2015. Alexander shed at least 30 pounds since arriving on campus, giving him a shot to stay at tackle when he arrives in the NFL. Otherwise, he projects as a powerful inside player.	Mammoth frame will give him a size advantage over just about everyone he lines up against. Is at his best as a downhill blocker. Natural power that just needs to be harnessed and unlocked. Can cave in defenders with his down<U+613C><U+3E64>blocks and has power in his hands to jolt linebackers when he can square them up. Has enough leg drive to generate movement as a base blocker when his pad level is right. Has the frame and natural power to anchor up against bull rushers as a guard. Massive frame includes long arms that can control a defender when he gets his hands on defender first. Has length and upper body strength to help him recover against inside moves to the A-gap.
								Very slow, plodding feet. Has issues redirecting himself to handle sudden change of direction by the defender and his lack of lateral quickness forces him into a phone booth on the next level. Struggles to get good angles on second level blocks. Below average balance and overall body control. Lower body stiffness and limited bend is a concern. Doesn't bring feet under him after contact so he struggles to secure blocks. On combo blocks, has a low connection rate when climbing up to linebackers. Too passive out of stance, failing to fire into defender and take control of the rep. Only a guard prospect -- not athletic enough to play tackle. Bad habit of using wide, corralling hands in pass pro rather than using his length and hands as instruments of force. Continued tape study shows too many mental mistakes in both run and pass.
							
2016	Vi Teofilo	2555147	OG	Arizona State	Vi Teofilo (VEE TAY-oh-FEE-low) was brought from American Somoa to Arizona at the age of 12 to live with his brothers. The move paid off, as he used his size and athleticism to excel on the football field and win a state heavyweight wrestling title. He started three games as a redshirt freshman, portending his three-year reign at the right guard spot for the Sun Devils. Teofilo started 40 straight contests from 2012 to 2015 despite tearing his right ACL against Duke in the 2014 Sun Bowl. The two-time honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick played through the injury that day, and despite having surgery after the season, returned for the 2015 opener. 	Not overly athletic, but has some short-area quickness and gets out of his stance and moves fairly fluidly in pulling situations. Has necessary understanding of angles up to the second level. Has some pop in his initial contact. Anticipates when twists are coming and will come off of first block to go get twister. Good balance and ready hands in pass pro. Solid with his hands. Works well with his center and is relatively smooth in his combo blocks.
								Too often leans and pushes as a blocker and finds himself falling off of blocks because he doesn?t always bring his feet up under him. Not a natural drive blocker and appears to struggle generating power with his leg drive. Hips and feet are slow to do their jobs when trying to step back inside against counter moves. Active, athletic pass rushers could be an issue for him throughout his career. Arm length expected to fall under 31 inches which is well below the functional line.
							
2016	Bryce Williams	2555148	TE	East Carolina	Williams actually walked on for two programs in his career, first for a redshirt season at Marshall in 2011 and then in the fall of 2012 at ECU. In the past three years, he hasn't looked like a walk-on at all, earning all-conference accolades in 2013 (honorable mention), 2014 (second team) and 2015 (first team). As a fullback in the Pirates' offense as a sophomore and junior, Williams used his 6-6, 250-pound frame to its fullest in the red zone (four touchdowns), out-leaping smaller defensive backs to attack the ball in the air. As a senior, Williams has been used more regularly as an all-around receiving threat, finishing second on the team with 58 receptions for 588 yards and four scores.	Big target who plays to his size in the passing game. Consistent arm extension as a pass catcher with a smooth ?pluck and tuck? approach. Makes catches with defenders draped all over him and is willing to secure the throw and take the lick in the middle of a field. Consistent high<U+613C><U+3E64>-point catcher with excellent ball tracking and concentration downfield. Quick first five strides off line of scrimmage and into his routes. Sneaky fast in the seam and can surprise complacent safeties who sleep on him. Adjusts to scrambling quarterbacks by freeing himself and becoming a moving target. Not overly shifty in open spaces as runner, but will gain additional yardage by leaning into tacklers and finishes his catches. Even without having dog in him as a blocker, has the frame to offer some effective resistance to smaller would-be tacklers.
								More straight-line speed than fluid movement along his routes. Gives away direction of his patterns with early head turns. Still running raw, sloppy routes that need work. Just out running in space at times. Gets caught drifting at top of crossing routes allowing safeties to squeeze him. Needs to play with consistent play speed. Finesse, positional run blocker relying on overall size over assertiveness and desire and grit. As a move blocker, ducks head into block and absorbs more of the contact than he doles out.
							
2016	Jake McGee	2555149	TE	Florida	McGee took advantage of the graduate transfer rule that allows athletes to finish their eligibility at another school once they have completed their bachelor's degree without sitting out a season. Although he wasn't a full-time starter at Virginia, he led the team in receiving (43-395, 2 TD) in 2013 and played well as a sophomore (28-374, five TD) after contributing on special teams (eight tackles) as a redshirt freshman. It seemed as though he was going to contribute right away for the Gators; unfortunately, he broke his left leg (fibula and tibia) in the season opener and spent the year rehabbing. As a sixth-year senior, he showed real promise as a reliable move-the-chains receiver and red zone target due to his size and athleticism (41-381, four TD), even earning second team All-SEC honors from league media. 	Hands for days. Uses every bit of his catch radius and has elite concentration. Can adjust and catch it high, low or behind him with hands like a shortstop. Former high school quarterback who recognizes when he's hot receiver against blitz and opens quickly. Scouts rave about his outgoing personality and ability to bring locker room together. Considered great teammate who leads by example. Used frequently as a move blocker in Florida offense and has tools to improve in that area. Has acceleration on crossing routes to separate from safeties and linebackers.
								Drifts into out-<U+613C><U+3E64>breaking routes giving his intentions away to eager defenders. Needs to work on separation tactics and tightening up his underneath routes. Inconsistent run blocker. Ducks head into contact and fails to make consistently squared contact. Missing play strength to scrap it out and win the edge battle in running game. Duck-footed grass-pounder when getting into routes from three-point stance. Six-year collegian who is already 24 years old. Failed to log a catch of 20-plus yards during 2015 season.
							
2016	Alex Kinal	2555150	P	Wake Forest	NA	Australian import with a cult following in Winston-<U+613C><U+3E64>Salem. Holds FBS record for most punts in a career. Able to adjust high, low and laterally to poor snaps. Team captain and respected in the locker room. Landed 44 percent of his punts inside the 20 yard line this year. Can adjust snap-to-punt speed when needed.
								Low-trajectory punter with a below-average hang time. Allowed three punt return touchdowns over last two seasons. Ball doesn?t come off his foot with consistent boom. Slow snap-topunt timing due to his punting style.
							
2016	Drew Kaser	2555151	P	Texas A&M	Nearly every year, at least one punter hears his name called in the top 200 picks; it could be Kaser in 2016 because he possesses a quick delivery as well as the leg strength and hang time to consistently change field position. He was an All-American and Ray Guy Award finalist in 2013 after leading the SEC with a 47.4-yard average (beating perennial Pro Bowler Shane Lechler's school record), and had nice follow-up seasons in 2014 (44.5-yard average, 19-of-56 punts inside the 20). Kaser broke that school record again in 2015 (47.47) on his way to first team All-SEC honors, placing 21 of 60 punts inside the 20-yard line. He also threatened the SEC career record with a 46.2 career gross average. 	Possesses a booming right leg. Had punts of 53 yards or more in 17 of his past 24 games. Had punts of 64-plus yards in five of 11 games this season. Athletic with good hands. Has ability to adjust to poor snaps. Able to speed up punt process when he sees pressure coming. Good touch near endzone with 17 percent of his punts ending up inside the 10.
								Gets excited about showing off his big leg and will outkick his coverage. Could use a little more hang time. Almost 38 percent of his punts were returned last year. Had a couple of mis<U+613C><U+3E64>hits when he felt pressure coming.
							
2016	Riley Dixon	2555152	P	Syracuse	Dixon's a tall, long-legged kicker who impresses with his ability to hang punts in the air to force fair catches: 88 of them, in fact, over the past three years. The 2015 second-team All-ACC pick (by coaches, first team by media) has the leg strength to boot the ball over 50 yards on a regular basis (50 of 215 punts from 2013-2015), as well.  He averaged over 42 yards a punt the past three seasons, finishing with a 43.7 mark as a senior. Like most college punters, Dixon will have to speed up his delivery a bit when facing NFL rushes. If he can make that adjustment, Dixon has the tools to win a job in the NFL.	Good ratio of hang time to distance punted. Forced a whopping 40.8 percent (2014) and 42.4 percent (2015) fair catches over his last two seasons. Played with poise when pressure was coming. Able to dig low snaps off the turf. Able to control punts near end zone with just nine touchbacks over the last two years.
								Average leg strength. Punting average helped along by some bounce and roll punts. Dome kicker who showed some issues with wind at times when venturing outdoors.
							
2016	Will Monday	2555153	P	Duke	Monday's name showed up on the all-conference honors list each of the last four years, as he consistently kicked the opposition into bad situations. He led the ACC in gross punting average as a true freshman (44.6 yards per kick), garnering first-team all-conference notice after the season. Monday slipped a bit as a sophomore, but received third-team honors from league coaches by averaging 42.7 yard per punt and landing 21 kicks inside the 20-yard line.  He was a third team pick again in 2014 (43.0 gross average, 17 inside the 20, 21 fair catches) and improved to second-team All-ACC in his final year (43.5 gross average, 31 inside the 20, 20 fair catches).  Monday had three kicks over 70 yards during his career, and had none blocked.	Successful run as a four-year punter. Will flash power in his right leg. One of the best in the business this season at killing punts inside the 20 yard line at 46.7 percent. Quick 1.75 second snap-<U+613C><U+3E64>to-punt time. Soft, confident hands. Allowed mind-boggling 80 return yards total over last two seasons.
								Hang time needs to improve. Saw some inconsistency with the way he struck the ball in 2015. Would like to see more leg from him on a consistent basis.
							
2016	Darian Thompson	2555154	S	Boise St.	Thompson received All-American recognition in each of the past two seasons. After picking off seven passes in 2014, he added five more in just 11 games this season, totaling 19 for his career (tied for the most of any player in the country). But the 6-foot-2, 205-pound defender isn't just a ballhawk -- he is a physical presence in the secondary and solid tackler in space (242 career tackles) and behind the line of scrimmage (8.5 tackles for loss in 2015). Another impressive season in 2015, even though he missed the final two regular season games with a concussion, cemented his status as one of the best all-around safeties in the draft class.	Tall, angular build for the position. Eye<U+613C><U+3E64>-popping interception numbers (19) becoming the all-time leader in Boise State history this season. Soft hands and can make difficult, diving interceptions. Willing to take a chance to undercut throws and will run through receivers catch point to disrupt. Ready hitter with desired physical demeanor to play around line of scrimmage. Willing to sacrifice his body against pulling linemen in order to cave in the edge. Able to bob and weave around traffic and consistently choose the correct lane to find running backs. Saw tackle for loss numbers increase each year and will make his own luck on other side of the line.
								Instincts and awareness in coverage will scare coaches when they study the tape. Allowed receivers to get way behind him multiple times against BYU. Undisciplined. Seems to lose track of targets around him and can be baited to vacate his deep responsibilities by crossing routes in front of him. Allowed 10 touchdowns over last three years. Needs to play with more technique and less improv. Hip tightness hinders ability to open quickly and run with necessary speed to close separation. Plays tall in space and quick lateral movement and basic change of direction can be a challenge at times. Needs to slow and gather himself when charging downhill to avoid missed tackles.
							
2016	Deon Bush	2555155	S	Miami	The 'Canes haven't had a safety drafted since Brandon Meriweather and Kenny Phillips went in the first round in 2007 and 2008, respectively. That will change in 2016, with Bush offering range and intimidating hits in the back of the secondary. The Miami native and 2015 honorable mention All-ACC honoree could join the aforementioned "U" talents as NFL players because he can separate the ball from its previous owner (five forced fumbles in 2014), attack the line of scrimmage (103 tackles in 2014-2015, seven for losses), and make plays on the ball in deep coverage (four interceptions, 13 pass breakups in his career). NFL teams will also like his character. The American Football Coaches Association put him on their All-Good Works team this season, and he donated his per diem money from the Independence Bowl for Christmas gifts for homeless children.	Has good size for the position. Has no problem with the physical part of the game and won?t hesitate to come strike. Comes downhill under control looking to mirror the runner. Will gather feet under him, bend and uncoil with with force into tackle. Usually looks to wrap <U+613C><U+3E64>up as a tackler. Forced four fumbles in 2014. Expected to run well in his workouts. Good leaper. Can get up and disrupt at the high point. Able to turn and run from the hash. Appears comfortable and capable in zone coverage underneath. Has blitz capabilities from subpackages as a pro. Determined special teams effort. Has ability to excel on all coverage teams.
								Has some straight-line speed and is an explosive leaper, but is lacking in dynamic athleticism. Struggles to change direction in space effecting coverage and tackling. Saw a sharp decline in his tackle success rate in 2015. Plays through a straw. From two-deep, gets hyper-focused on receivers to his side and doesn?t read development of play. Shows pre-snap confusion at times on tape. Lack of instincts and feel for the position limit his range and playmaking ability outside his initial area. Struggles to flip hips and run and doesn?t close separation quickly enough. Late to respond to throws in his area.
							
2016	Jayron Kearse	2555156	S	Clemson	Clemson may have locked up Kearse as a recruit by giving him the choice of playing safety or receiver once arriving on campus. Not only did he prefer the physical aspects of the game in spite of his frame, but he also has some excellent family resources to access on the defensive side of the ball; his uncle is former Florida and NFL pass rusher extraordinaire Jevon Kearse and cousin is former Miami and NFL star cornerback Phillip Buchanon. He started just three games in his freshman season, playing in 12, but still managed to make 55 tackles and tie for the team lead with four interceptions. Kearse started at safety his sophomore campaign (67 stops, five for loss, three sacks, two interceptions) and continued that success in a first-team All-ACC junior season (62 tackles, 6.5 for loss, one interception, six pass break-ups). The Associated Press voted him second team All-American in 2015, as well, as he joined a bevy of talented defenders and Heisman hopeful quarterback Deshaun Watson in putting together an undefeated regular season and national championship game appearance. 	Freakishly tall and long for the position with limbs that go on for days. Straight line athlete with long-
strides who is able to come from two<U+613C><U+3E64>-deep and close ground quickly on deep sideline throws. Suited for single-high coverage. Will read quarterback?s eyes and shade coverage accordingly while staying deeper than the deepest receiver. Deployed near line of scrimmage with some success. Has the length and range to become a volume tackler if his desire improves. Able to contribute immediately on special teams coverage and finished 2015 with seven special teams tackles. Coaches commend him for his personal growth and improved maturity.
								Built more like a rail-thin shooting guard than a safety. Play demeanor and effort level can best be described as blas. Slow to get set presnap. When playing near line of scrimmage, was slow to diagnose counters and got stuck out of position to make tackles. Want to see more urgency to make plays near in the box. Can be mismatched in man coverage by shifty slot receivers. May be too tall to open hips and accelerate quickly enough in man and change of direction is inconsistent. Production level should be much higher with his physical gifts. Too many busts in coverage leading to free running receivers.
							
2016	Jordan Simone	2555157	S	Arizona State	Simone decided to walk on at ASU after taking a year off from football once his head coach at Washington State (Paul Wulff) was let go in 2011. He became such a problem for the offense while on the scout team that coaches gave him a shot to earn playing time -- and he did. League coaches recognized his play as a junior with honorable mention accolades, as he made 100 tackles, 4.5 for loss. Simone received those honors again in 2015 (91 tackles, four for loss, two interceptions, four pass break-ups), even though he missed the Sun Devils' final three games with a torn right ACL.	Comes from football stock with a father who played at Arizona State and a brother who played at Washington State. Muscular build. Strong desire to be near the ball. Plays near the line of scrimmage and has a reckless abandon about him. Will launch himself at full speed into tackles. The most productive tackling safety in the Pac<U+613C><U+3E64>-12 over the last two seasons. Line-drive style served him well as a blitzer with four sacks and seven quarterback knockdowns. Team captain.
								NFL cover skills are nowhere to be found. Too slow to play in man coverage and allows receivers to get behind when playing from deep coverage. Plays through a straw and becomes overly focused on quarterback?s eyes while losing sight of receivers getting over the top. Tightly wound through his hips and lower body and unable to handle quick direction change in coverage or as an open-field tackler. Missed a whopping 17 tackles this season and 16 last season. Had season-ending ACL tear in November which should end any postseason workouts.
							
2016	Kevin Byard	2555158	S	Middle Tennessee St.	Although Byard looks and plays (312 career tackles) like a strong safety, he often finds himself in the back half of the secondary guarding the prize for the Blue Raiders. He?s at the top of the active player career interception list with 19, scoring on four of them in his first two years on campus, and has broken up 17 passes during that time. A four-time all-conference pick, Byard was a second-team All-Sun Belt pick (and FWAA Freshman All-American) in 2012 before garnering honorable mention All-Conference USA notice in 2013 and first team accolades in C-USA the past two seasons.	Strong football IQ. Lines secondary up and is assignment-<U+613C><U+3E64>oriented. Disciplined in zone coverage reading and responding to the quarterback?s eyes. Scans through route developments like a quarterback. Good awareness as single-high safety and rarely panics when faced with route combinations meant to create mistakes and indecision. Plays with smooth backpedal and adequate footwork. Always active. Former high school receiver with plus ball tracking and ball skills over the top. Holds school record with 19 career interceptions and has 19 passes defensed over the last two years. Effort never questioned and brings desired football character onto field and into locker room. Willing downhill charge against the run.
								Despite his frame, not as physical a hitter as expected. Had opportunities to make the big hit but rarely chose to send that message. Active tackler, but needs to be better at squaring up and finishing with direct wrap-up tackles rather than grab and drag finishes. Average agility to deal with trash near line of scrimmage when stepping downhill against run or screens. Can improve his angles to the ball. Slight hitch in redirecting opening door for dangerous separation by speedy targets. Below average mirror and match in man coverage. Scouts concerned with overall long speed in coverage.
							
2016	Anthony Sarao	2555159	ILB	USC	This New Jersey native crossed the country to wear USC Cardinal-and-Gold after an outstanding high school career (Super Prep/Prep Star All-American) where he led his team to a state title as a senior. Even though he redshirted his first year in Los Angeles, Sarao made an impact, winning the Trojans' Defensive Service Player of the Year award while terrorizing starters in practice. He was a top backup in 2012, playing every week and starting against Hawai'i (40 tackles, four for loss). Sarao moved from reserve to starter halfway through his sophomore year, starting in the middle for the final seven games (44 tackles, 2.5 TFL). He started all 13 games in 2014, stopping the ball 74 times and intercepting two passes.  A team captain as a senior, Sarao racked up 59 tackles, five for loss and three sacks as a full-time starter inside despite missing spring practices with a fractured foot.	Reads his keys and flows without much hesitation to the ball. Sifts and sorts from gap to gap while peeking in on running back. Decent lateral quickness and agility in the box. Understands his job and is willing to step into his run fit and try to constrict running lanes. Rarely gobbled up by play<U+613C><U+3E64>action. Maintains good depth and finds receivers drifting into his space. Wrap-up, tackle finisher when he gets his chances. Has played on special teams all four years at USC. Took on more of a leadership role his senior season.
								Sees it, but not fast enough to chase and cut off angles to the sideline. Play speed falls way off when asked to air it out and sprint. Although willing to leverage gap, will struggle to do so consistently due to lack of size. Needs to play downhill while taking more chances in order to avoid being engulfed on second level. Slow-moving, straight-line blitzer without suddenness to surprise offense. Lost playing time to underclassmen his senior season.
							
2016	Antonio Morrison	2555160	ILB	Florida	This two-time second-team All-SEC pick is undersized, but extremely productive; he hit triple digits in tackles in 2014 (101) and 2015 (103, leading the team), and doubled his impact in the backfield between those two seasons, going from six to 12 tackles for loss. The fact he played at all this fall was a tribute to his work ethic, as he came back from undergoing multiple surgeries on his left knee to repair an injury from the 2014 Birmingham Bowl. However, teams will have to check into his background due to two arrests (punching bouncer, barking at a police dog/resisting arrest) within five weeks in the summer of 2013. If he can convince general managers that his hard times are behind him, they'll bank on his talent.	Ultra competitive with unmatched intensity. Alpha male in the locker room who teammates gravitate toward. Work ethic on full display as he recovered from a severe knee injury two to three months ahead of schedule and in time for start of the season. Plus lateral quickness. Has burst to beat offensive lineman to a spot. Not content to sit back and wait on a play. Always in attack mode. Uses explosive hips to launch into his tackles with as much force as he can. Can turn, swivel and close ground with good change of direction. Was one of the best tackle finishers in the game in 2014. Plays with extraordinary balance and is very rarely off his feet. Used as an effective spy vs. mobile quarterbacks. Could become interesting blitz option as a pro. Refuses to stop pursuing until he hears the whistle.
								Suffered severe knee injury in bowl game last year that slowed his production this season. Missed seven tackles in 2015 after missing four in 2013 and 2014 combined. Undersized and lacking length for the inside backer spot. Tight strider who is more quick than fast. May not have play strength needed for his aggressive, physical style. Must learn to slip blocks and play skinny rather than always taking on all comers. Struggles to disengage quickly when locked up by offensive linemen. Doesn?t adjust pursuit path to runners, allowing combo blockers to find him. Lacks patience. Rushes downhill almost every snap and often runs himself into trouble and out of pursuit. Instincts and vision are poor. Easily fooled by play-action and can be a step late to diagnose the action. Prior off<U+613C><U+3E64>-field incidents will need to be vetted.
							
2016	Blake Martinez	2555161	ILB	Stanford	In his first year as a starter in 2014, Martinez proved worthy of honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors by leading the Cardinal with 102 tackles, seven for loss, 4.5 sacks, and three interceptions. In Year 2, he played at an All-American level (third-team Associated Press, second-team USA Today) as the Cardinal won the conference championship, stuffing plays inside and moving to either sideline to rack up 141 tackles, 6.5 for loss. The 2015 first-team All-Conference pick again made plays against the pass this year, intercepting one pass and breaking up six others. 	Good muscle thickness and one of the most powerful, pound<U+613C><U+3E64>-for-pound players in the program. Has desired temperament to play in the middle. Physical, productive tackler. Downhill linebacker. Business-minded machine against the run, maintaining consistent gap responsibility. Disciplined on back-side squeezing cutback lanes. Stuffs second level leg blocks and keeps gliding down the line. Uses heavy hands at the point of attack. Plays square to line of scrimmage with eyes stuck on runner. Plus balance and keeps his feet. Will dart and dodge past oncoming, second level traffic in lateral pursuit of ball carrier. Improved against the pass from 2014 to 2015. Showed some functional ability in man coverage and is quick to close out throws and limit yards after catch. Offers instant special teams value. Willing worker on "teams" and finds the ball.
								Slow twitch with borderline play speed. Must transition from a power mindset to a little more quickness in everything he does. Will need quicker hands to jab and separate to stay clean against NFL linemen. Below average lateral quickness. Won't win many foot races to the perimeter and has little margin for error with his angles. Not athletic enough to recover if he gets hung up on a block for too long. Too easily fooled into vacating his positioning by play-action. Doesn't have reactive athleticism to quickly recover back into his duties after biting on fakes. More of a block occupier than serious threat when blitzing. Average awareness dropping into zone coverage. Situational awareness needs work.
							
2016	Deion Jones	2555162	OLB	LSU	Jones' father, Cal, named his son after his favorite football player, Deion Sanders. His nickname has been "Debo", as in Deion and Bo, like Jackson, put together.  The New Orleans native is living up to the expectations, winning the Metro Defensive Player of the Year as a senior in high school and eventually starring for his home state LSU Tigers. Jones had to be patient, though, as his first three years in Baton Rouge resulted in exactly one start (due to an injury to Kwon Alexander). He played primarily on special teams in 2012 (23 tackles, three for loss) and 2013 (15 tackles) before seeing more time on defense as a junior (27 tackles, 3.5 for loss). Then came Jones? chance to start with Alexander moving on to the NFL. He became permanent team captain and defensive MVP after leading the team with 100 tackles and 13.5 tackles for loss.  He also had five sacks, two interceptions, and three pass breakups, showing scouts an all-around skill set giving him a shot to play at the next level. 	High-twitch, well-muscled athlete with tapered waist and powerful trunk. Quick lateral slide from gap-to-gap mirroring running back. Speed to chase from sideline to sideline. Accelerates off his spot and into his target preferring to wrap up and drive hips through the tackle. Brings pop behind his pads. Trustworthy. Handles his run fits and isn?t looking to be a hero. Bouncy feet enable sudden change of direction. Willing to step into hole and deliver a blow to pulling guards or iso <U+613C><U+3E64>blocks. Has strength at point of attack to squeeze the edge against tight ends. Able to defend passes or pick them off in coverage. Special teams demon on cover teams. Maintained focus and team-first attitude despite being unable to crack starting lineup until his senior season.
								Only one year of starting experience. Slightly undersized. Tightly bundled frame may leave little room for additional mass on his frame. Needs to be diligent with hands or he can be engulfed by second level maulers. Diagnoses well, but instincts inside the flow of play are a work in progress. Needs to improve consistency as a tackler. Not as downhill as he could be limiting his production on tackles for losses. Loses track of his coverage in space from time to time. Showed some signs of fatigue in fourth quarter against tempo-based teams.
							
2016	Eric Striker	2555163	OLB	Oklahoma	Each year there is a highly productive but undersized linebacker prospect in the draft, and the question is always the same -- "is he too small?" An NFL team will find room for Striker because of his explosiveness to the ball; ironically, he grew up in Tampa watching a Buccaneers defense that would have valued his speed and tenacity despite his size. He garnered first-team All-Big 12 and Associated Press All-American notice as both a junior (third team) and senior (second team). In his three years as a starter, Striker lived in opponents? backfields, racking up 46.5 tackles for loss and 23 sacks, while also hustling in coverage to defend 12 passes. 	Chess piece Oklahoma defensive coordinators moved around the board. Excellent chase speed from backside with ability to shut down run play before it gets started. Plays with good bend and forward lean. Flexible ankles allow him to lean and trim edge sharply. Shows blockers unorthodox angles making it hard to get a solid punch on him as pass rusher. Flips hips and shoulders to squirm over top of a soft edge block and around the corner. Coordinates hands and feet to improve positioning after contact rather than laying on blocks. Fluid dropping into space and handles his business in coverage. Instinctive and aware in space and mindful to restrict passing windows. Proactive hand use and attempts to win early against larger, longer opponents. Able to snap off multiple direction changes while stalking prey.
								Thin frame missing the sand in his pants to play full-<U+613C><U+3E64>time on the edge. Below average play strength. Can?t consistently set an edge. Will get pushed around at the point of attack by physical tight ends. Doesn't have back-end range to play full-time safety role. Teams must have a plan for him or he could be miscast. Carries little pop behind his pads as tackler and isn't always tackle ready. Allowed four broken tackles on the season. Pass rush success reliant upon quickness over skill. If early edge burst gets shut down as pass rusher, doesn?t have consistent counter to go to. Gets jolted off-course by a solid punch. Chase-oriented tackler who has issues when teams come downhill at him. Has issues with losing contain against the run.
							
2016	Gionni Paul	2555164	OLB	Utah	So how does a Florida kid playing for Miami end up in Utah? Well, he struggled off the field for the Hurricanes (where he started seven games as a sophomore, making 61 tackles, 3.5 for loss) and decided he would try to play for former Arizona State head coach Dennis Erickson, with whom he built a relationship during his recruiting process. Erickson had moved on from Tempe to Salt Lake City, as an assistant, but that didn?t dissuade Paul. In his first year with the Utes, he picked off four passes in just seven games, and his season ended prematurely due to injury (broken foot, hand).  Paul's play as a senior, however, cemented his status as an NFL prospect, earning first team All-Pac-12 honors with the second-best tackle total in the conference (109), four interceptions, three fumble recoveries (returning one for a score), and a team-leading 12.5 tackles for loss. 	Bright person and player. Has two degrees from Utah. Teammates have gushed over his enthusiasm and energy in the weight room and in practice. Rarely overruns a cutback lane. Flows to the ball from inside/out maintaining a leveraged position to the sideline. Does a good job of mirroring running backs anticipating their running lane choices. Takes smart angles. Able to weave and sift through traffic in pursuit of his target. Heads<U+613C><U+3E64>up, form tackler against downhill runs. Natural feel in pass coverage with four interceptions this season. Instinctive and consistently productive throughout his career.
								Paul says he transferred from Miami, in part, because ?fast life got to me." Extremely undersized for an inside spot and has little chance of staying there as a pro. Has burst to the ball, but not overly athletic. Needs to play with better knee bend in space. Upright on the move and is unable to change direction as fluidly as needed. Below-average play strength limits success at point of attack. Technique broke down when he fatigued. Size/strength deficiencies will require above-average technique at all times as a pro. Doesn?t have strength in his legs or enough reactive athleticism to recover when offensive linemen get their hands on him.
							
2016	James Burgess	2555165	ILB	Louisville	Don't let Burgess' size fool you -- he drills ball carriers into the ground. The Miami native is explosive to the play and brings bad intentions, especially when he has someone lined up in the backfield (10 tackles for loss in 2014, 9.5 in 2015). But the 2015 third-team All-ACC honoree also shows a knack for reading quarterbacks and making plays on the ball, with seven career interceptions and 13 pass breakups. Burgess also has NFL genes, with his father, James, Sr. a Miami alum and two-year player for the San Diego Chargers. His uncle, Willie Middlebrooks, was a first-round pick for the Broncos and also played in the CFL.	Good acceleration from a standstill. Reads quarterback?s eyes and accelerates into the passing lane to defend the pass. Batted down two Jameis Winston throws and intercepted another in 2014. Has 19 passes defensed over last three years. Fast flow to the football and able to outrace linemen looking to cut him off. Can make himself skinny and shoot downhill making tackles for losses. Has athleticism to change direction quickly and re<U+613C><U+3E64>ignite his pursuit. Talented in man coverage with ability to run downfield with running backs. Made one-handed snag of a Deshaun Watson pass this year.
								Small for the position with questionable play toughness. Lack of physicality against the run showed up with 12 broken tackles and 32 missed tackles during three years as starter. Lacks decisiveness and play strength in attacking runs between the tackles. Run around linebacker losing gap leverage because of it. Too easily engulfed by linemen. Able to flow quickly to the ball when he diagnoses it, but his instincts are marginal at best. Will go under blocks and lose pursuit angles. Average awareness in space as zone defender.
							
2016	Joe Schobert	2555166	OLB	Wisconsin	Wisconsin has a storied walk-on tradition, producing NFL players like J.J. Watt and Jim Leonhard; Schobert hopes to be the next non-scholarship signee to jump to the NFL. He nearly began his career at North Dakota as a walk-on, but the Badger coaches wised up to offer him a spot on the team. Schobert's role grew each season, from reserve as a true freshman to key reserve (24 tackles, one start) in 2013 to consensus honorable mention All-Big Ten pick (13.5 tackles for loss) in his junior year. His draft stock rose to new heights in 2015, as he was named second-team All-American by USA Today and the Associated Press, as well as the Big Ten Linebacker of the Year and first-team All-Conference. He finished among the nation?s leaders in sacks (9.5) and tackles for loss (19.5), displaying the strength and motor to earn a spot in the NFL. 	Very productive over his two years as a starter forcing six fumbles, recovering three, defending 10 passes and adding an interception as well. Slippery in his movements using good hip and upper body turn. Can get skinny and slide through gaps and around corners. Excellent with his hands helping him compensate for lack of play strength. Discards tight ends fairly quickly. Sees through blockers and into backfield maintaining sight on the ball. Can trim edge as rusher with shoulder dip. Assignment-<U+613C><U+3E64>oriented in coverage making sure to redirect tight ends and receivers before dropping into space. Adequate man cover skills. Plays with plus balance and is rarely on the ground. Quality special teams cover man.
								Doesn?t possess the overall size or length NFL teams look for on the edge. Lacks quick twitch and bend to alter his path suddenly. Forced to make tackle attempts from tough angles due to average athleticism. Rarely bodies up and struggles to finish as a tackler with 18 missed tackles over last two seasons including 10 this year. Lacking strength to set a strong edge. Will get blown off of his spot by tackles. Not a menacing one-on-one pass rusher. Average burst upfield. Much of his production as pass rusher comes from twists and extended plays. Below average play speed.
							
2016	Josh Forrest	2555167	ILB	Kentucky	Although Forrest didn't play football until his junior year of high school, he did enough there (14 touchdowns receiving, seven interceptions -- three returned for touchdowns) to earn a scholarship from the Wildcats. After two years as a reserve, Forrest took over as a starter, leading the team in tackles in each of the past two seasons (110 in 2014, 93 in 2015). He also made plays in the passing game, intercepting two passes each year (including a 81-yard pick six against Louisville this year). 	Tall, long<U+613C><U+3E64>-limbed and athletic. Was used all over the field by Kentucky staff. Has 202 tackles during his two-year stint as starter. Has plus chase speed. Lateral quickness is a strength. Length and closing burst gives him extended range to make tackles. Has quick direction change to put himself in position for difficult open field finishes. Uses hand and foot quickness to sidestep and brush away blockers targeting him on second level. Frequently used as blitzer and gap shooter. Able to "get skinny" and sneak through crevices and into the backfield.
								Could use more strength in his lower half. Needs to add play strength to avoid being washed down against run. Physical tight ends can push him at point of attack. Too upright on downhill charges and blitzes. Gets jostled out of the play by redirect blocks. Effort runs hot and cold. As tackler, below average job of breaking down in space. Relies on catch-and-drag technique over chesting up and finishing. Had nine broken and 22 missed tackles over last two years. Slow to diagnose and gets few head starts on the play. Average awareness in pass coverage and needs to get better at squeezing targets in his zone.
							
2016	Kentrell Brothers	2555168	OLB	Missouri	Undersized for an inside 'backer (a potential factor in the lack of interest by major programs in his home state of Oklahoma), Brothers recognizes plays quickly, works his way through traffic, and flows down the line very effectively as a run-stopper. His junior year was impressive (122 total tackles as a second-team All-SEC pick in 2014), but leading the nation in tackles per game (12.7, 152 total), making more plays in the backfield (12 tackles for loss) and proving himself able to make plays against the pass (two interceptions) and on special teams (three blocked kicks) made him an easy second-team All-American pick by the Associated Press and USA Today for 2015.	Elite vision and understanding of spatial relationship. Finds the ball quickly and rarely lets it leave his sights. Has innate sense of when to go over or under blocks and finds creases to tackle that many linebackers can?t see. Reads keys and allows them to lead him to victory. Calm and focused around line of scrimmage and is very rarely taken off his feet by a block. Plays with pre<U+613C><U+3E64>-snap idea of where ball is headed and races to the spot ahead of linemen looking to climb up and block him. Well-schooled in his hand play. Shoots a jarring punch into blockers and keeps himself clean to chase the steak. Finished with 42 more tackles than the next linebacker in the SEC. Gap responsible and has the play strength to stand up to blockers. Great finisher as tackler. His huge hands can turn a diving arm tackle into a finish. Sniffs out play-action and immediately looks for his coverage responsibility. Reads quarterbacks' clues to where pass is headed. Rarely busts in coverage responsibilities.
								Stubby lower half with some tightness in his hips and short arms. Very average athlete and lacking quick-twitch expected from such a productive linebacker. Reactive athleticism near the line of scrimmage is just okay. Instincts have to be razor sharp because speed to the perimeter is below average. Feet don?t work as quickly as his mind does. At times, overestimates speed and will take a poor angle to the ball. More of an extra rusher than quality blitzer as a pass rusher. Scouts say coaches on staff have had concerns about his maturity in the past. Can be mismatched and beaten for a big play when asked to cover man-to-man down the field.
							
2016	Reggie Ragland	2555169	ILB	Alabama	The question heading into Ragland?s senior season wasn?t whether he would be a solid run-stuffer as a starting 3-4 inside linebacker in the NFL, as his play the past two falls secured that notion. He earned his spot as an elite prospect, though, with his play in 2015. He led the Tide with 97 tackles, 6.5 for loss, and broke up six passes, winning SEC Defensive Player of the Year, numerous All-American honors and landing finalist spots for multiple national awards. In fact, Ragland was the third Alabama player to earn unanimous All-American notice, joining Cornelius Bennett and Derrick Thomas. Ragland could have left for the NFL last year, but decided to come back to win a championship, get his degree, and continue his work in the community. 	Old-school, take<U+613C><U+3E64>-on middle linebacker who plays the game the way Nick Saban likes. Steps into hole and will swap paint with lead blockers in order to constrict his gap. Instinctive linebacker who trusts his eyes and goes. Showed greater understanding of angles and leverage this year. Won?t overcommit when flowing to ball carrier and almost always finds his run fits. Missed tackles fell from ten in 2014 to just three this season. Played with hand in ground as an edge rusher in some subpackages. Showed greater willingness to take chances downhill. Nasty hitter with above average play strength.
								Some scouts question his play speed. Can be inconsistent with his angles when playing downhill. Could get himself in trouble miscalculating NFL speed to the perimeter. Will get locked up more often by pro linemen if he tries to take on all blocks rather than punch and shed. Alabama?s outstanding defensive front allowed him to roam unblocked for much of the year. Can handle himself in zone coverage but man cover skills are limited.
							
2016	Terrance Smith	2555170	ILB	Florida St.	Smith's father, Terry, was a star receiver at Clemson and the story of his passing will be discussed often going into the draft. But scouts only really care about the abilities of the young man who earned second-team All-ACC accolades in 2014 (87 tackles, 4.5 for loss, two interceptions) on the outside by using his height and length to attack plays in the backfield and to the sideline. Terrance also has experience playing the middle for the Seminoles. Smith missed four games with an ankle injury in 2015, but league media still gave him honorable mention notice for his play (65 tackles, 4.5 for loss).	Long linebacker with very good athletic ability. Lowers pad level to improve leverage when taking on blockers. Instinctive and responsible in his play against the run. Won?t usually over-<U+613C><U+3E64>pursue and takes quality angles to the ball making adjustments for blockers and running back speed. Plays with outstanding pursuit speed and looks at home when he?s chasing. Can range from sideline to sideline. Closing burst gives him potential as a blitzer. Showed resilience coming back to play at a high level after missing time due to high ankle sprain. Football bloodlines. Father was a standout receiver at Clemson and DeAndre Hopkins is his cousin.
								Frame might be too thin to play inside. Plays upright after the snap hovering towards the ball rather than aggressively scraping. Needs to be better at playing with squared pads. Waits on second level rather than attacking downhill. Had relatively low number of tackles for losses during his time with Seminoles. Very little bang behind his pads. Wildly inconsistent tackler with 24 missed tackles over last two years. Drifts in coverage and doesn?t play with same instincts he shows against run. Had no passes defensed this year. Took medical redshirt in 2011, missed two games with neck injury in 2014 and four games this year with high ankle sprain.
							
2016	Tyler Matakevich	2555171	OLB	Temple	The 2015 Bronco Nagurski Award winner and three-time first-team All-American Athletic Conference pick isn't the biggest player on the field but is usually among the most productive. This four-year starter in the middle accumulated over 100 tackles in each season for the Owls, totaling 493 for his career. In his sophomore year, he led the nation with 8.8 solo tackles a game. And his tackles aren't just catching ball carriers after they?ve gone through the hole, as he's had 40 stops behind the line of scrimmage. Add in five interceptions and five pass breakups during his award-winning senior campaign, and it appears there's not much Matakevich can't do.	Considered a great teammate and leader. Incredible production over all four years as a starter. Finished regular season with 465 total tackles including over 100 each season. Has great eyes and processes what they tell him quickly. Decisive with instinctive recognition of play flow and and shuffles accordingly. Keys the quarterback?s eyes and gets a head start into space on pass plays. Rarely fooled by play-action. Plays square to the line of scrimmage and keeps eyes glued to the ball against the run. Battles his limitations by attacking downhill and shooting gaps to disrupt in the backfield. Can shift from a downhill path to lateral movement seamlessly. Easy turn and move into space against the pass. Uses active hands to challenge and defend throws.
								Play strength is very average. Can be engulfed by linemen on the second level and might not have the frame to carry more functional mass. Struggles to hold his spot in the grass against a good lead block. Gets in a hurry to flow downhill and runs himself into bad angles on the ball when the play spills outside. Needs to do a more consistent job of breaking down in space before attempting to tackle. Shifty runners turn him into an arm tackler. Had 32 missed tackles over the last three seasons. Gets caught up in trash near the line of scrimmage and can?t get free quickly. Play speed is average.
							
2016	Briean Boddy-Calhoun	2555172	CB	Minnesota	The Gophers lined up two of the top corners in the country the past couple of seasons with Eric Murray and Boddy-Calhoun, a junior college transfer (Coffeyville) who was tabbed for All-Big Ten accolades each of the last two seasons. In 2014, league media voted him first-team All-Conference (coaches had him on their second team) just one season after tearing his left ACL as he picked off five passes and broke up nine. Boddy-Calhoun intercepted four more passes in 2015, breaking up six others, to garner third-team All-Conference from the media (honorable mention from coaches).  	Smooth hips that open easily. Confident in his feet out of press and rarely gets turned around by a shifty release. Can bail from press coverage with little to no delay. High school high jumper who has the spring to make up for his lack of height. When he?s in position, can be effective playing the ball. Flashed greater potential in 2014. In zone or off coverage, can stick a foot in the ground instantly to drive forward. Not overly grabby. Flagged just one time in 2015.
								Small in stature and lacking a ?dog mentality? to make up for his lack of size. Marginal athleticism for the position and unable to carry long speed down the field. Gives away too much space in off-<U+613C><U+3E64>man coverage. Play dipped from 2014 and there were games where he looked completely unable to squeeze routes effectively. Diagnoses throws quickly but missing burst to put himself into playmaking position. Gets overwhelmed by size in red zone. Gave up a whopping six touchdowns in 2015. Tackling in the pros could be a major issue.
							
2016	Eric Murray	2555173	CB	Minnesota	Murray's size, durability (started 39 straight games) and physical nature should land him near the top of NFL teams' cornerback wish list. The 2014 second-team and 2015 third-team All-Big Ten selection's experience in press man coverage is extensive, and his ball skills are good enough to make plays (two interceptions, 24 pass break-ups) when given the opportunity. He stepped up his play as a senior, making more plays behind the line (four tackles for loss) and lining up ball carriers for the big hit, forcing three fumbles. He's also a special-teams stalwart who blocked two punts in 2014, which will only increase his impact as a rookie on Sundays.	Plays with excellent technique when running vertically with wideouts. Maintains good positioning and crowds receiver's chest forcing him against the sideline. Looks to smother any and every route underneath from press <U+613C><U+3E64>man coverage. Talented in trial technique. Uses a quick jab to the shoulder that can be very effective on unsuspecting targets. Not content to ride blocks and battles to get to a tackle in his area. Disciplined in zone coverage. Able to maintain focus on quarterback and wide receiver. Will look to make a play outside his area if he thinks he can jump the throw. Adequate closeout burst to the ball.
								Tight in his hips with a labored transition from press coverage. Tightness causes momentary stalling when changing directions laterally putting him behind in his coverage. Let?s weight drift outside his framework causing balance issues. Needs to widen base a little to improve his balance. Top-end speed looks average on tape. Doesn?t have mentality of a small cornerback but his size is a detriment outside. Can be locked down by big, physical receivers when attempting to do his part against the run.
							
2016	Harlan Miller	2555174	CB	Southeastern Louisiana	Miller was named third-team FCS All-American by The Associated Press as a junior, despite fighting through a dislocated shoulder that cost him three games. He then improved that honor to second-team AP All-American in 2015. Miller picked off 11 passes and broke up 22 others over the past three years using his height and length, earning first team All-Southland Conference honors each season. Miller also proved he could make plays on the other side of the line of scrimmage as a senior, making six tackles for loss, while additionally returning punts (15 for 175 yards), receiving first-team all-conference notice at that position. He looks to join former teammate Robert Alford (drafted in the second round by Atlanta in 2013) in the league.	Plays with quick, darting feet and has the ability to mirror and match receivers' movements down the field. Is always in hot pursuit in run support and is willing to sprint across the field to get into the action. Tenacious wrap-up tackler. Tall with good arm length. Will actively look for chances to make plays outside his area. In press, reads direction of release and slides feet in front of receiver to impede his route. Able to shift weight and change direction instantly. Hard-<U+613C><U+3E64>charging competitor with ball skills to boot.
								Thin and scouts question whether or not he can carry much more weight. Aggressiveness can get him in trouble. Will get caught peeking into backfield at play-action and allow his man to get a jump on him from time to time. The footwork is there, but needs to improve angles to the ball to make more plays. Appears to have just marginal long speed.
							
2016	James Bradberry	2555175	CB	Samford	Bradberry signed with Arkansas State out of high school, but since the team desired him to move to safety during his redshirt year there, he decided to transfer to Samford to play outside. He's been a four-year starter for the Bulldogs, and was named second-team All-Southern Conference as a junior (two interceptions, four pass breakups) and the first team in 2015 (two interceptions, 11 breakups). Will he stay at cornerback in the NFL, or will teams ask him to switch to safety? 	Well built with the size that defensive coordinators look for from NFL cornerbacks. Plays with adequate lateral quickness and reactive athleticism when transitioning forward. Drives hard to the throw looking to make a play on the ball at the catch point. Long arms with ability to aggressively jam and redirect receivers off the snap. Uses length and size to trap receivers against the sideline from press. Plus ball tracking ability on downfield throws. Looks comfortable in zone coverage with feel for routes that are developing around him. Rarely out of position as run supporter. Will use sideline as his ally against run and is diligent with containment on the perimeter.
								Base and balance need quite a bit of work from press coverage. Below average, clunky footwork transitioning from press into coverage. Looks unsure of himself against receivers with initial quickness off the snap. Has issues maintaining feel against inside release and gives up too much separation to start the rep. Gets turned too easily in coverage and is sluggish in his change of direction. Gets too locked in on man in front of him and doesn't show innate awareness and instincts. Might not be able to transition to safety. Appears lacking in alpha aggressiveness. In run support, ducks head into contact and doesn't drive through the target. Need to see more hustle and less complacency from him on backside. Waits too long to rally to the ball when it is away from him.
							
2016	Lloyd Carrington	2555176	CB	Arizona State	The Dallas native followed head coach Todd Graham from Pitt to Arizona State after his freshman season, and the move has paid dividends. Carrington earned honorable mention All-Pac-12 accolades (58 tackles, six for loss, one interception, five pass break-ups) in just his fourth year at cornerback -- he didn't play high school football until his senior season. He repeated those honors in 2015 (53 tackles, one interception, six pass break-ups). Don't be surprised if gets compared to inexperienced-basketball player-turned-stud-cornerback Quentin Rollins from the 2015 draft class.	Former high school basketball guard who plays with decent lateral foot quickness and recovery skills. Still growing in understanding of position after playing just one year of high school football. Has ability to time leaps and challenge at the high point. Able to fight through blockers for his chance at a tackle on the perimeter. Was a gunner on special teams and also covered kicks.
								Allows too much separation off press coverage and receivers can beat him inside too easily. Only three interceptions to 10 touchdowns allowed during his career. Lacks burst to the ball needed to attack throws at the catch point. Inconsistent finisher as tackler. Shows signs of panic when he senses he is being beaten over the top. Grabby in man coverage downfield. Doesn?t have the top end speed to run receivers down. Takes bad angles to ball when preparing to tackle which cost his team 95- and 75-yard touchdowns.
							
2016	Mackensie Alexander	2555177	CB	Clemson	One of the most highly sought-after recruits in Clemson history, Alexander was ranked the fourth-best prospect in the country by ESPN coming out of high school. His work ethic and football acumen would have gotten him on the field as a true freshman in 2013 season, but he redshirted instead with a groin injury. Once Alexander got on the field, opponents found out why he was rated so highly. In 2014, he was named Freshman All-American and honorable mention All-ACC honors as a full-time starter. As a redshirt sophomore, he earned third-team All-American and first-team all-conference notice for locking down receivers. In fact, his lack of statistical production over the past two years (no interceptions, 11 pass breakups in 2014-2015) shows how little opponents challenged him.	Fiery competitor who is quick to mix it up with a receiver after the play. Extremely confident and shows signs of being able to rise to the occasion against elevated competition. Allowed just 29.6 percent completions and no touchdowns. Got the best of OU wide receiver Sterling Shepard in back-to-back seasons. Smaller, but well built with good muscular definition. Able to read wide receivers and gain a head start on their plans. Goes to work in the film room. Reacts quickly to what he sees. Has very good recovery quickness within the first 10 yards to close out any early separation. Showed improved technique as season progressed. Loves to trap and crowd outside releases against the sideline. When he learns to play ball over man, his passes defensed will jump. Plays stronger than his size and his demeanor fires up his teammates.
								Shorter than teams like for cornerbacks outside and will have his hands full with NFL size outside. When bailing in coverage, needs to make sure to stay within play range of wide receiver. Can get too caught up in trash <U+613C><U+3E64>talking. Production numbers lower than expected. During two-year stint with Clemson had no interceptions and just ten total passes defensed. Relies on reactive quickness over quality footwork. A little frenetic opening up from press coverage and could struggle against a crafty, NFL release until he gains more experience.
							
2016	Maurice Canady	2555178	CB	Virginia	There's a lot to like about Virginia's next cornerback prospect: He's tall (listed at 6-foot-2), has long arms to knock away passes from receivers (18 pass breakups in 2014-2015), and flashes hands to snatch low or high errant passes (three interceptions as a junior). He also has returned punts for scores during his career, including one for a 74-yard score against William and Mary this fall. If scouts believe Canady can wrap up ball carriers and get them to the ground, he'll move up draft boards like former tall Cavs corners Ras-I Dowling and Chris Cook did before him.	Above average height for the position. Has experience playing from slot and outside. Light on his feet. Relatively smooth hip turn and foot quickness to mirror and match the receiver. Plays with desired balance and body control for lateral change of direction. Good short area ball reaction. More disciplined in his play this season after giving up too many big plays in 2014. Instinctive and shows tendency recognition that comes from film study and retention of coaching. Leary of double moves. Processes quickly. Plays with adequate transitional quickness to react to what is eyes are seeing.
								Scouts concerned about ability to carry long speed. Torched for six touchdowns in 2014. Opens out of backpedal extremely early for fear of being beaten over the top. Ball production (passes defensed and interceptions) plummeted in 2015 showing fear of playing tight. No interceptions this season. Played so far off receivers that challenging throws became impossible. Tall, tight backpedal. Doesn?t have juice to quickly close separation when asked to turn and run. Unable to find ball frequently when beaten over the top. Lightweight. Pushed around in the red zone by bigger targets. Ankle<U+613C><U+3E64>-biter as tackler with inconsistent effort and desire. Passed up opportunities to stick his nose in.
							
2016	William Jackson III	2555179	CB	Houston	Jackson started his career at Trinity Valley Junior College, and found himself a regular starter by the end of his first year with the Cougars in 2013. He stepped up his game as a junior to become a second-team American Athletic Conference pick (two interceptions, 10 pass breakups), ranking among the national leaders in pass breakups before suffering a sprained MCL late in the year. Jackson tweaked a knee during 2015, but started 12 of 13 games, again was named second-team all-conference and finished with five interceptions and 23 pass breakups, leading the nation in passes defended. 	Good height and length. Stays low from a smooth backpedal. Plays with capable makeup speed when receivers get separation. Can click and close on throws in front of him with acceleration and has makeup speed deep. Possesses ball skills that defensive back coaches covet. Gets his head around to find ball on downfield throws and has excellent disruptive timing when attacking the throw. Instinctive and quick to diagnose and react to his keys. Allowed just 40 percent of passes thrown his way to be completed over last two years. Has feel for routes and will adjust coverage accordingly. Had three interceptions and scored two defensive touchdowns this season.
								Average play strength and isn't as physical from press coverage as he could be. Might be knocked around by big NFL receivers if he's asked to press. Will get upright when transitioning from backpedal. Shows momentary delay when opening to run which can put him behind in footrace with speedy receivers. Tape shows instance of him getting knocked off balance at the top of the route. Will get hung up on perimeter blocks and isn't aggressive in run support. Too willing to run around block in support against screens. Was flagged seven times for 73 yards.
							
2016	Austin Blythe	2555180	C	Iowa	In the sports world, Iowa is primarily known for two things: producing NFL offensive linemen and high-level wrestling. Blythe, a Williamsburg, Iowa native, is a perfect example of how those things go hand-in-hand. He was a two-time all-state pick in football (123 career tackles, 40 for loss, 14 sacks) and three straight heavyweight wresting titles (setting a state record with 143 pins) in a state that takes the sport very seriously. He put those skills to use in his redshirt freshman season, starting nine games at right guard but missing two due to injury. Blythe didn?t miss any more games during his three final years with the Hawkeyes, starting all 40 games at center. He gained recognition for his play each year, garnering consensus honorable mention All-Big Ten honors as a sophomore and second team All-Big Ten accolades from league coaches in 2014 and 2015. Blythe was even named as a Rimington Trophy finalist this season.	Four-year starter featuring durability and leadership qualities. Has played center and both guard spots which gives him a mental head<U+613C><U+3E64>start. Controlled glider up to inside linebackers and plays with plus body control. Patient, confident run blocker who consistently lands his blocks in the center of his targets. Keeps his feet grinding after contact to generate movement and prolonged engagement as a blocker. Sticks to opponents like a shadow and is always bodied up near his man. Excellent outside zone blocker. Uses feet and upper body strength to run gap-shooters up the field past the quarterback. The Hawkeyes love pulling him and using as lead blocker in space. Technician able to snap and step quickly on reach blocks. Sinks hips and can anchor up against bull rushers. Good functional strength for his size. Played in over 96 percent of team?s offensive snaps over last three years.
								Undersized by every standard that NFL teams use for centers. Lack of length and mass is a legitimate concern moving forward. Has played both guard spots and center, but size likely limits him to center only in the league. Teams may view him as fit for zone specific teams which could limit his draft stock. Catches pass rushers rather than punching. Will have to adjust to defensive tackles using length to disrupt his task. Tape shows potential mental mistakes in protection against blitzes.
							
2016	Evan Boehm	2555181	C	Missouri	One of the top offensive line recruits in the country coming out of high school, Boehm stepped right onto the field for the Tigers in 2012 -- and hasn?t left the lineup since. He started 52 straight games for head coach Gary Pinkel, playing freshman year at left guard and then three straight years in the pivot. Boehm is a thick interior lineman who has a strong anchor and can move his feet well for the position, portending a long NFL career.	Iron man. Holds school record for consecutive starts. Suffered high<U+613C><U+3E64>-ankle sprain in the first game of the year, but was right back on the field the next game. Rare power from a center. Phone booth champ. Able to consistently generate push at initial point of attack and take control of the neutral zone. Runs his feet under him at contact and drives the sled while staying glued to his man. Tough and smart. Quickly processes double A-gap looks and responds successfully. Has power to redirect when beaten on the edge. Owns the A-gap versus blitzes and stunts. Keeps head from ducking in on pass sets and will punch and reset hands, when needed, to maintain positioning. Comes from a football family and father was a highly successful high school coach. Rarely bull-rushed. Looks for work when he?s uncovered against pass rush.
								Squatty frame with short legs. Doesn't have the height or arm length that many teams require from draftable centers inside the first four rounds. Much better straight line mover than laterally. Gets straight-legged on second level and when engaging laterally creating inconsistent contact balance. Reliant on upper body strength over lower body movement which could make securing reach blocks a challenge on the NFL level. Has physical limitations outside his compact frame. While he has some post-snap athleticism in short spaces, his restricted stride length slows him when asked to get out in space.
							
2016	Graham Glasgow	2555182	C	Michigan	Left guard, right guard, center: wherever he lines up, Glasgow is a tough blocker that shows enough mobility to make creases for running backs. Glasgow started at right guard as a junior before moving into the pivot for 2015 after incumbent Jack Miller ended his football career due to concussions. Glasgow's nine starts there in 2013 made it an easier move, allowing him to lead a rejuvenated Michigan offense and garner consensus honorable mention All-Big Ten honors with his play. 	Has started as both a guard and center and offers roster depth at either position. Strong lower half. Adequate at sustaining blocks long enough for runners to hit the holes. Aggressive at the point of attack and looks to grind defenders off their spot with leg drive and upper body strength. Has the base anchor to stone a bull <U+613C><U+3E64>rush if he gets even average arm extension. Maintains good pocket depth in pass sets as both a guard and center. Tape gives hints of some mean. Praised for consistency by Jim Harbaugh and considered a leader on the team.
								Snap-to-step quickness just average. Marginal athlete who plays with heavy feet. Below average at moving his feet and adjusting his path to block moving targets on the second level. Angles to second level blocks need work. Hands get too wide allowing defenders into his frame first on occasion. Shows issues with slow recognition of twists. Was arrested for driving under the influence in March of 2014 and had his probation extended for violation of alcohol during the probation period. Scouts are concerned with his off-the-field discipline with more free time available.
							
2016	Jack Allen	2555183	C	Michigan St.	When an NFL offensive line coach sees that a young lineman was a high school wrestler, a smile comes across his face. Grappling in the trenches is what a lineman does -- and is something at which Allen excels. The former Illinois state title holder at 285 pounds is not the largest center in the country, but no other "man in the middle" matches this four-year starter's toughness, anchor, and aggressive nature. The two-time USA Today All-American missed a couple of games with an ankle injury in 2015, but came back to help his team to a Big Ten title.	Has a compact build with above average core strength. Was a standout wrestler in high school and uses that background to generate quick torques and turns on defenders. Understands his strengths and physical limitations. Possesses great strength in his hands and can snatch and ride defenders until the whistle sounds. Rarely has his hands outside defender's framework. Combines arm extension and running feet to redirect gap shooters away from his quarterback. Card<U+613C><U+3E64>-carrying tough guy willing to put some extra spice on it when he finishes a block. On the move, can adjust tempo and angle to land a squared block. Climbs up to middle linebackers with choppy steps and balanced base. Despite a lack of athleticism, still has plus body control. Hits where he aims. Flat-footed puncher in pass pro.
								Average athleticism and very moderate flexibility. Is a little bit stiff in space. Inconsistent in his attempts to climb up to second level off of combo blocks. Will struggle to get cutoff blocks against instinctive, inside linebackers who will beat him to the spot. Able to get away with holding more often in college than he will be able to in the pros. At times, will rely on brute force over physical ability. When he has to anchor up against bull rushers, his balance diminishes. Doesn't have the mass or length that some teams would like in a starting center.
							
2016	Jake Brendel	2555184	C	UCLA	Brendel brings everything you?d want in a center: leadership (three-time co-captain), intelligence (first-team Academic All-Conference pick), reliability (four-year starter), and production (second-team All-Pac-12 pick in 2014 and 2015). Brendel isn't as strong or athletic as some NFL teams prefer in the pivot, but others will value his other traits and willingness to get after his man in the run game enough to consider him a potential starter.	Co-<U+613C><U+3E64>captain for three season and considered a "glue guy" on the offensive side of the ball. Uses quick steps and positioning to hook nose tackles and wall them off in the running game. Moves up to linebackers with measured, controlled steps. Gathers himself before second level engagement. Able to turn and steer defenders while on the move. Durable and reliable playing 92 percent of the Bruins' offensive snaps over four year span. Stood up to the power of Washington nose tackle Danny Shelton in 2014. In pass protection, usually keeps weight centered rather than letting it drift too far outside and has enough strength to handle bull rush. Shows some pop off the snap in run game. When pulling, takes smart angles to linebackers helping him to seal off the perimeter.
								Small frame with unimpressive build. Lacks muscular definition and NFL-level mass. Upright blocker with a pad level that gets him jostled. At times plays with wide, hugging hands to compensate for a lack of core strength. Overall athleticism is an issue. Doesn?t have the bend or feet to stop suddenly and change directions to catch up to a counter move. Reactive movement and body control are below average. Inconsistent at sustaining blocks due to marginal contact balance. Lack of arm length allows defenders to intrude on his frame and control the rep at times. Doesn?t appear to have the necessary athletic tools to be able to recover when beaten early on in the snap.
							
2016	Joey Hunt	2555185	C	TCU	Hunt is an underrated member of a prolific TCU offense that ranked fifth and third in the country the past two years, respectively. The Texas all-state pick on offense and defense during his high school days, Hunt was destined to be a stalwart on the offensive lines for the Horned Frogs. After a freshman season that saw him play seven games, starting once at left guard, he moved to the pivot, where he led his team for three straight seasons (save one start at right guard against Texas in 2013). Even though Hunt did not start the final three games of his senior year due to injury, Big 12 coaches named him first-team all-conference. The previous year, he had garnered second-team All-Big 12 honors after starting all 13 games.	Scholar<U+613C><U+3E64>-athlete who brings mental sharpness from classroom onto the field. Instinctive, efficient center. Will climb up to second level rather than linger on secure blocks that are already in the bag. Plays with proper base and mirrors inside linebacker movement on his way up to them on run plays. Quick, darting eyes to find incoming traffic when he senses twists. Plays with functional change of direction ability. Brings feet up under his hips to secure his block and can shuffle them into position while on the move to get defenders pinned. Shows surprising anchor for his size when under duress against bull rush. Flat-back posture in pass sets.
								Undersized for the position. May not have much room for additional mass on his frame. Nose tackles with length can get into him and control the snap. Can improve balance at contact on second level. Despite a start at guard, his size makes him a one position player. Will face steep increase in strength in quickness from what he's seen in the Big 12. Gets grabby at times and holding penalties have found him more than they should this season. Short arms will always be a concern for him.
							
2016	Marcus Henry	2555186	C	Boise St.	The 2014 and 2015 first-team All-Mountain West pick at center is not huge, overly athletic, nor physically dominating. But as far as sturdy, reliable linemen go, Henry could be seen as one of the better options in this year?s senior class. Henry also started as a sophomore at right guard, giving him some versatility that will be needed if he is to stick on an NFL roster. 	Physical center who looks to finish blocks with authority when he gets the upper hand. Aggressive into first contact looking to jolt defender and set a tone. Uses forceful punch to twisters and blitzers that enter his domain. Plays with decent hip flexion and a wide base. Able to snap hips into contact and can drop his rear to anchor against bull rush. Recovery skills are better than expected. Competitive juices flare after being badly beaten on previous rep.
								Limited range as a blocker. Too slow climbing up to angles on second level and cut<U+613C><U+3E64>off blocks will be challenging. Waistbender with weight too far forward. Has short arms and small hands prevent him from consistently securing blocks after plus initial contact. Won?t generate much push as an inline blocker. Limited as blocker in space with a high strikeout rate.
							
2016	Max Tuerk	2555187	C	USC	Going into the season, it appears this Trojan was on a path similar to the versatile Cameron Erving, the No. 19 overall pick by the Cleveland Browns in the 2015 draft. Tuerk has started at nearly every place along the line for the Trojans. He is a bit taller and more slender than most pro pivots, but that may still be his best spot given that he used his mobility and tenacity to earn first-team All-Pac-12 honors in 2014. Unfortunately, he suffered a knee injury in October and will have to prove himself before the draft to maximize his grades. 	Exceptional athleticism with elite movement skills in space. Asked to pull for wide sweeps and was frequently downfield leading the charge on screen passes. Natural bender with the ability to play with leverage. Won't over<U+613C><U+3E64>-commit to a basic secure block in running game which allows him to climb to his target with consistently successful angles. Stalks his prey in space and is able to adjust to moving targets. Plays with patience. Will allow defender to declare a gap before latching on with a well-timed punch and snapping hips under him. Refuses to quit on a rep. Possesses huge, strong hands that snatch target and allow him to hang against aggressive power players looking to shed. Plays with consistent hand placement. Maintains proper base and can drop a decent anchor against bull rushers. Has played at four of the five spots along the offensive line.
								Lean, lanky build that looks more like a freshman tackle than a senior center. Has played at a weight well below the norm for an NFL starting center and scouts concerned that keeping mass on his frame will be an issue. When interior players get on his edge, redirecting with the necessary power will be a problem. May need to compensate for a lack of NFL power by adjusting his angles and footwork in order to secure his blocks. Must hit the weights and the training table as much as he can. Opens himself to swim moves by leaning into blocks at times. Would like to see him finish a higher percentage of his second level blocks. Suffered a season-ending knee injury in October which is likely to alter his predraft workouts.
							
2016	Nick Kelly	2555188	C	Arizona State	Coming out of Casa Roble High School in Orangevale, Calif., Kelly received no scholarship offers from FBS programs. He went the junior college route, playing in one of his two seasons at American River College in Sacramento. Kelly took over the starting job in second year on campus, earning second team All-Pac-12 notice as a junior. He toughed out multiple injuries that season, starting all 13 games with a torn meniscus in each knee, and on top of that, playing with torn ligaments in his ankle in the team?s bowl game. Kelly was named a team co-captain in his senior season, starting all 13 games in the middle. 	Was called on for short and long pulling and was able to get out in front and get to his spots. Thick trunk and and has some sturdiness to his base. When he lands a solid blow, he can can get some movement. Exhibits body control and patience in climbing up to linebackers. Shows potential to battle and anchor against bull <U+613C><U+3E64>rushers. Tough guy and considered a great teammate. Played with pain and through meniscus injuries in 2014.
								Extremely stiff in his hips, knees and ankles and struggles to get adequate bend. Stiffness creates major issues with functional change of direction to strike and secure moving targets. May not have enough lateral quickness off the snap to consistently secure cross-face blocks. Waist bender. Leans into blocks causing inconsistency with balance and a lack of extended engagement with the defender. Core strength is very average. Hand work can get sloppy and his lack of arm length is an issue.
							
2016	Nick Martin	2555189	OG	Notre Dame	Teams already know what to expect from Nick, as his brother Zack excelled in his first two seasons with Dallas after being selected in the first round in 2014. Nick will bring versatility along with the family toughness to an NFL team. He moves between center and guard without an issue (started at left guard 10 games in 2014, three games at center that year as well as most of 2013 and all of 2015), displaying a strong anchor in pass pro and nimble feet to attack linebackers in the run game. Teams envying the Cowboys' prodigious but athletic front line should consider picking up this Golden Domer.	Loves to play the game as physically as he can. Plays with a mean streak and then some. Finishes a block with authority if he gets the advantage. Showed ability to anchor and play with strengths against power across from him. Usually first into defender after snap. Despite some hip stiffness, moves fairly well when asked to get out in front of screen plays. Keeps head on a swivel at all times. Aware of both gaps when in pass protection and he's uncovered. Plays with wide base in pass pro. Often first to get hands on pass rusher and will get some extension early in the rep. Gets the most out of average length. Team captain and unchallenged leader up front. Has started at guard and center while at Notre Dame so may offer roster flexibility.
								Looks labored in his movement. Stiffness in hips stymies ability to sink and anchor. Leads with upper body too often and plays with weight out over his feet. Needs to bring his feet up under him. Had issues redirecting with power against pass rushers who gained early advantage. Gets jostled around and has to work overtime to stay engaged against powerful players. Will struggle to reach and secure move blocks. Can improve with recognition of blitzes.
							
2016	Robert Kugler	2555190	C	Purdue	It's no surprise that Kugler is the son of a coach (UTEP head coach Sean) given his athletic and academic prowess. He was rated one of the top 10 tight end recruits in the country by Scout.com, but outgrew that position during his redshirt season. The 2015 second team Co-SIDA Academic All-American joined quarterback Drew Brees and defensive end Ryan Kerrigan as Boilermakers receiving Academic All-American honors during their careers. Kugler took over as the starting center halfway through his redshirt freshman season, then started 43 consecutive games in the pivot. The two-time team captain even won team MVP honors as a junior, a rare feat for a center. 	Has some initial lateral quickness after the snap when asked to pull. Above-average hand work. Plays with well<U+613C><U+3E64>-timed punch and does a good job of keeping hands inside framework of defender to mitigate his lack of arm length. Stays busy and looks for work in pass protection when he is uncovered. Understands the position. His father, Sean, is the head coach at UTEP and is a former NFL offensive line coach (Detroit, Buffalo, Pittsburgh). Academic All-Big Ten every year in college. Plays with intelligence and awareness.
								His play strength needs improvement, but not sure he has frame for pure mass. Can struggle to redirect when defender gets on top of his edge. Former tight end who kicked down to center, but doesn?t play with the expected bend and athleticism of a former tight end. Not a consistent enough block-winner. Fails to win the second half of blocks giving way to the opponent's strength. May not be able to get secure reach blocks on the move. Consistent issues with core strength and body control at point of impact and is often "bounced" at contact.
							
2016	Ryan Kelly	2555191	C	Alabama	Kelly had big shoes to fill when he took over for Rimington Trophy winner Barrett Jones in 2013, but he's handled the pressure quite well. A taller, athletic pivot, Kelly was voted honorable mention All-SEC by league media as a junior, and even won the team's Offensive Player of the Week award twice during the year. He followed that up with a consensus first-team all-conference senior year, leading the way for a Heisman Trophy winner in back Derrick Henry and protecting quarterback Jake Coker on the way to the national title game.	Heady player with tons of grit and fight. Shows the toughness to scrap it out against nose guards in an odd front. Fluid mover in space with knee bend and athletic hips. Explodes into down blocks with low pads and decent bend. Looks to latch and lift with hip snap. Rarely penalized over the last two seasons. Diligent off the snap in race to the spot before engaging on reach blocks. Will keep working feet and hips in order to secure and maintain position. Uses good hand placement and hand strength. Battles to stay glued to his block. Block finisher who looks to dole out punishment on double team blocks. Didn't just secure blocks, helped to blow holes open for Crimson Tide rush game. Handles twists well in pass rush and able to maintain pocket depth against bull<U+613C><U+3E64>rush. Comes with a pedigree of success and mental toughness. Undisputed leader of a physical, well-oiled machine up front.
								Might need to add some beef to his frame. At times, gets overly committed to his secure block and fails to see a downhill linebacker dart in behind him. Needs to work on timing of combo blocks. Occasionally drops head into run block and loses sight of target. Won his share of reps at Alabama with toughness over pure talent or power. Much better drive blocker on an angle. Doesn't generate nearly as much push when heads up. Could have some issues matching up against more gifted interior players with mass. Shows tendency on zone plays to use wide angles up to linebacker opening up the inside. Plays a little upright on second level climb causing some balance issues at contact.
							
2016	Siaosi Aiono	2555192	C	Utah	Aiono originally committed to Brigham Young, but changed sides in the Holy War to play for the Utes. After a redshirt season and one year as a reserve, the second-team All-State high school player from California took over as a starter at right tackle in 2013. His build is much better for the pivot, where he?s started each of the last two years. Aiono also showed toughness and work ethic by learning how to snap with his left hand after injuring his right hand during his senior season.	Sturdy, durable build with thickness through bubble and down his calves. Despite lacking knee bend, has some natural anchor drop against bull rush. Strong upper body with decent hand placement. Has played some right tackle. Student of the game who has stepped up and taken on leadership role this season. Makes all the calls up front.
								Below average snap<U+613C><U+3E64>-to-step quickness and is slow to cut off gap runners with foot movement. Plays upright and straight-legged with undesired pad level. Too often fails to improve positioning or keep defender pinned when engaging on the move allowing his man to work back into the play. Plays with choppy feet rather than leg driver upon contact. Leans into base blocks rather than lifting with hip snap. Leads with helmet ahead of hands too often. Below average athletic ability.
							
2016	Brandon Shell	2555193	OT	South Carolina	Yes, Brandon is the great nephew of Pro Football Hall of Famer Art Shell. But it wouldn't matter if he was instead a relative of early television-era star Art Carney ... he simply looks like an NFL tackle with a pro build and long limbs. He may be best at right tackle, a spot which he held down for three years, but he did flash athleticism to pass protect on the left side when he took over the blind side spot as a senior. Either way, if you want a strong run blocker (he will take smaller defenders 10 yards downfield once locked on) who can reach second-level defenders as well, then Shell's your man.	Tall with exceptional length. Uses long arms to help him snare sudden inside pass rush moves and redirect edge speed past the pocket. Doesn?t have great footwork for directional change, but finds way to get it done. Patient and relatively accurate on his climbs up to linebackers off of combination blocks. Uses wide frame to his advantage against linebackers. Tape shows natural power and core strength. Functional base blocker in run game but will stalemate more than he wins. Has been a starting SEC tackle for almost entire time at South Carolina.
								Starts with a sound kick<U+613C><U+3E64>slide, but immediately resorts to a hurried shuffle to try and catch up with edge rusher. Penalties come for rocking pre-snap for fear of being beaten. Plays with disconnect between hands and feet. Outside foot deadens as he begins to work shoot initial punch in pass pro. More chaser than controlled protector. Too sluggish out of stance to consistently handle stunts inside. Needs better hand placement. Hand strength unimpressive. Doesn?t possess body control of NFL starter.
							
2016	Cole Toner	2555194	OT	Harvard	Toner had to deal with current Indianapolis Colts defender Zack Hodges during every practice as a sophomore and junior, so most opponents on the Ivy League schedule were a piece of cake in comparison. The first-team All-Ivy League pick in both 2014 and 2015 looks like an NFL prospect, and he shows the toughness and footwork to win as a run blocker and pass protector. If the 2015 Associated Press All-American continues to fill out his frame after this season and early in his NFL career, he has a chance to contribute sooner than later.	Shows willingness to give ground in order to improve his angle on cross-<U+613C><U+3E64>face blocks in zone blocks. Decent timing with climb to second level off combo blocks. Appears to have adequate foot quickness to redirect back inside and is able to mirror rushers. Careful with his punch and won?t give away hands too early. Fires off a heavy, well-timed punch with some heat behind it. Aggressive approach in pass pro. Looks to take it to the defensive ends rather than sitting back passively and reacting to their rush. Was invited by former NFL GM Phil Savage to play in the Reese's Senior Bowl. Has a basketball background in high school.
								Despite basketball background, hip tightness is a concern. Sits up high in two-point stance and comes out of his stance with elevated pad level. Foot quickness is very average laterally. Marginal bend and foot quickness could present a major concern when asked to cross-face and secure blocks against NFL athletes. Shuffles wide in his pass sets and doesn?t always maintain proper weight inside opening him up to inside counters in pass rush. Opens and chases at the top of the rush rather than calmly riding rusher around the arc. Too much gallop in his pass sets and not enough quick, choppy steps. Narrow base and lack of hip flexion could indicate an issue with speed-to-power rushers. Play strength looks very average.
							
2016	Fahn Cooper	2555195	OT	Mississippi	Cooper fell below the radar as a high school recruit from Illinois, so he took a scholarship at Bowling Green. He started at left tackle as a redshirt freshman, but wanted to play for a major program so he transferred to the College of DuPage to catch the eyes of recruiters, rather than sitting out a year as a transfer. Ole Miss gladly welcomed him as a starter in 2014 (11 at right tackle, two at left tackle) and he continued to excel with the Rebels as a senior, starting for the suspended Laremy Tunsil the first seven games of the year before moving back to the right side.	Shows toughness in his approach and won?t back down from a physical challenge. Has the length to land an early punch on pass rushers and the big paws to snatch and ride a second level linebacker if he gets into them squarely. Good thickness in his lower half. Head coach Hugh Freeze praises him for leadership on and off the field. Started every game over his two years at Ole Miss and has played both tackle spots.
								More of an "in the way" player in space than functional blocker. Base may be too wide in pass sets causing some of his balance issues. A little labored in his pass sets and possesses below average athletic traits. Sluggish in his change of direction. Weight drifts a little behind his feet allowing pass rushers to get strong initial push on him on some reps. Unable to be effective space player.
							
2016	Halapoulivaati Vaitai	2555196	OT	TCU	In high school, Vaitai and his two younger brothers Will and Kevin formed the left side of his team's offensive line. Not surprisingly, Haltom, Texas' running offense was quite left-handed. Halapoulivaati was the top prospect among the three due to his size. He played five games as a back-up in his first season in Fort Worth, and then earned seven starting in year two (first five at right tackle, two at left tackle). Vaitai continued to show versatility, starting at right tackle in 2014 and left tackle in 2015.In his senior year, he garnered second team All-Big 12 honors for the second-ranked scoring offense in the country (46.5 points per game).	Has played both right and left tackle spots at TCU. Shows decent lateral quickness off the snap on zone runs. Adequate athleticism in space as run blocker. Well-<U+613C><U+3E64>schooled and shows some technical savvy. Looks to land first and with inside hand as pass protector. Keeps head up and chin tucked on most of his pass sets. Able to see twists and games up front and is rarely fooled by them.
								Too stiff-legged and upright after the snap. Can give ground to bull rushers due to high pad level. Very poor hand strength and is inconsistent with arm extension. Lacks strength in hands to latch on and control a rep and allows defenders to break away from him. Very average foot quickness for power step back to challenge inside moves. Doesn?t gain enough ground to the edge in shuffle slides and will be beaten around the corner by athletic, NFL rushers.
							
2016	Jason Spriggs	2555197	OT	Indiana	Spriggs excelled in his senior season, catching second-team All-Big Ten accolades along with the eyes of scouts. The four-year starter also was named first team All-American by the Football Writers Association of America and third-team honors by the Associated Press. Spriggs had a scary moment on the field in 2014 against Michigan State, as he was taken to the hospital after suffering a helmet-to-helmet blow. But since them he has shown the build (6-foot-7, 307 pounds), anchor in pass protection and willingness to block through the whistle to be the type of prospect NFL offensive line coaches will covet at left tackle. 	Athletic frame with long arms. Comes out of his stance with tremendous quickness and has elite lateral movement. Can get to extremely difficult backside cutoff blocks. Knee bender. As a move blocker, lands squarely in the strike zone and rolls hips and feet under him to to wash down defender or secure a down-block. Shows good patience in space with ability to become solid combination blocker in zone scheme. Looks to finish. Able to adjust his assignments on the fly. Is active with his hands in pass pro. Will throw jabs with both hands rather than offering them up for defensive ends to swat. Has tools to substantially slow pass rushers when timing his punch. Durable, four<U+613C><U+3E64>-year starter.
								Play strength needs improvement. Unable to match power as a base blocker and too easy moved off his spot. Struggles to cleanly absorb and eat contact without being jostled. Has crippling issue with over-setting in pass protection. Doesn?t maintain much weight on inner half of his frame and has consistent issues redirecting his weight back inside with suddenness against inside moves.  Doesn?t use his length to his advantage often enough. Slows his slide when punching, allowing rushers opportunity to gain advantage around the corner. Needs stronger hands to snatch and control rather than just push. Ability to recover with power or athletic traits are a concern.
							
2016	John Theus	2555198	OT	Georgia	The five-star recruit struggled at times early in his career for the Bulldogs, though starting at right tackle as a true freshman in the SEC is quite an accomplishment. The light bulb really seemed to go on for Theus in 2014, both in pass protection and as an effective run blocker after he moved to the left side. The Bulldog finished his career by starting every game for the second straight year and being named first-team all-conference. Theus' solid technique and underrated athleticism will make him difficult for teams to ignore early in the draft. 	Reliable and consistent. Full time starter for three of his four years at Georgia. Good height with arm length that meets the NFL standards. Plays with pretty good hand quickness and has a well-<U+613C><U+3E64>timed punch with some pop behind it. Instinctive and reacts quickly to catch and smother twists. Understands importance of early hands and can handle his business when he wins early in the rep. Good balance and setup in his pass sets. Started at both tackle spots so he may offer some swing tackle potential for NFL teams. Has enough athleticism to help spring runs to the perimeter.
								Struggles against plus power and has major issues redirecting when his edge is attacked. Inconsistent sustaining run blocks and will get controlled and rag-dolled at times if he doesn?t win early with his hands. NFL-caliber anchor missing against true bull rush. Needs to maintain wider, balanced base when asked to drive block. When beaten inside, has a habit of going dead-legged and leaning back inside rather than taking quick steps to close off the lane. Has plus hand-eye coordination, but his feet don?t always seem to be synced to the same schedule. Kick slide quickness to the edge; opens up too early and gives away the edge too early.
							
2016	Keith Lumpkin	2555199	OT	Rutgers	If a scout drew a picture of the prototypical NFL left tackle, it might look like a portrait of Lumpkin. The former New Jersey high school star started the last 38 games on the blind side for the Scarlet Knights. He used his excellent length to envelop defenders on the edge as a senior, earning honorable mention All-Big Ten honors from both league coaches and media in 2015.	Outstanding size and length with a wide frame. Accomplished high school basketball player with surprising straight-<U+613C><U+3E64>line athleticism when getting out in front of tosses and screens. Able to seal off down blocks by effectively utilizing frame. Can engulf and shut down limited pass rushers with no edge quickness or inside counters. Possesses good radar on second level to seek out his target and land a squared blow in run game.
								High-cut, top-heavy tackle who lets his length go to waste too often. Has issues with excessive waist bending not only in pass protection, but also in the running game which produces balance issues. Will lay on pass rushers rather than keeping them at arm's length. Lacks desired hip and knee bend leading to high pad level, poor leverage and a lack of functional anchor against bull rushers. Struggles with change of direction on inside moves and allows his base to get too wide at times in pass pro.
							
2016	Kyle Murphy	2555200	OT	Stanford	Murphy played like a solid right tackle prospect as a second-team All-Pac-12 pick his junior year, his first full year as a starter. In 2015, however, the brother of former Harvard and Minnesota Vikings tackle Kevin Murphy slid to left tackle and improved greatly in pass protection while maintaining his toughness in the run game. He combined with left guard Joshua Garnett as first-team All-Conference picks on the blind side of quarterback Kevin Hogan, who reaped the benefits of their play. 	Has good feel for the position. Very aware in pass protection seeking out blitzes and twists and takes consistent angles up to the linebackers in the running game. Once he gets moving in space, is able to open up his hips and run with a relatively athletic gait. Plays with strong hands and good placement that can snatch and latch if he gets there first. Makes low pad level a priority in run game. Is usually low man and will use good leg drive or snap hips to secure the block. Adequate change direction in space. Patient second level blocker allowing the block to come to him. Outstanding work with teammate Joshua Garnett with combo blocks and double teams. Doesn?t lean in pass protection and can gain decent ground with his kick <U+613C><U+3E64>slides.
								Feet are just average from a quickness standpoint. While he can be a little slow out of his stance and off to the races when moving laterally. Will get antsy pre-snap. Tape shows him getting some headstarts that weren?t called by college officials. Troubling anchor issues as pass blocker. Will get stiff legged at impact in protection, raising pad level and losing anchor leverage. Needs to play more flat-footed when shooting his punch. Speed to power rushers give him problems so may need to make inside hand placement a greater priority.
							
2016	Laremy Tunsil	2555201	OT	Mississippi	The 2015 season was difficult for Tunsil. First, he suffered a dislocated ankle and broken leg in Ole Miss' loss to TCU in the 2014 Peach Bowl. Tunsil then was charged with domestic assault against his stepfather in June, reportedly for sticking up for his mother. Those charges were eventually dismissed, but then the NCAA brought another piece of bad news soon after, suspending Tunsil for seven games due to impermissible benefits he received (vehicle loans without payment, free airline ticket and rental car) and failing to be forthcoming with investigators. When he was on the field, though, Tunsil lived up to his billing as the No. 1 high school recruit at offensive tackle. He started nine games at left tackle as a true freshman, earning second-team All-SEC notice from league media and various Freshman All-American honors. Tunsil missed two games with a partially torn bicep in 2014, but started the rest, garnering first-team All-SEC nod from the Associated Press (second team from coaches) and All-American recognition from multiple media outlets. He didn?t make many post-season all-conference lists in his shortened junior season (starting six games at left tackle), but finished his career in a way most offensive linemen can only dream of -- running in a two-yard touchdown on a throw-back pass behind the line of scrimmage in the Sugar Bowl against Oklahoma State.	Came into Ole Miss as five-<U+613C><U+3E64>star prospect and lived up to every bit of the hype. Has the elite foot quickness of a high-end NFL tackle and his base remains balanced and uncompromised throughout his pass reps. Excellent bend and overall flexibility in his ankles, knees and hips and maintains good pad level throughout his pass sets. Plays with textbook hand usage. Possesses a boxer's jab in his left hand with measured accuracy, timing and force. Uses length to control the rep, but is willing to slide and mirror without even punching if defender continues to linger outside his reach. "Basketball defender" who understands importance of footwork and positioning in pass protection. Heady tackle with plus instincts and reads keys for hints of upcoming blitzes and twists. Heat-seeking missile in open field as screen blocker. Very good body control and balance. Makes climb to second level with good timing and gathers himself to make accurate strikes on linebackers. Got into LSU's linebackers and gave them the absolute blues in running game.
								Frame could use more mass. After initial punch in pass protection, will lose patience and reach at times while looking for second contact. Failed to start and play in every game in any of his three seasons. When bull rushers get to an edge, they can generate some push to the pocket. More of a finesse run blocker than drive blocker. Great feet don't come with powerful leg drive. Missed bowl game in 2013 due to knee injury, two games in 2014 due to partially torn bicep and seven games in 2015 due to receiving impermissible benefits.
							
2016	Le'Raven Clark	2555202	OT	Texas Tech	Clark started 51 straight games for the Red Raiders, spending his final three years at left tackle and his freshman season at right guard. All three years at left tackle, he earned All-Big 12 honors, and as a senior he was named a second-team All-American for his efforts. It's unclear where Clark's best position will be at the next level; he flashes the lateral agility and recovery speed to play on the edge against college pass rushers, so he should get a shot at left tackle. It?s possible, though, that Clark might be best inside where he can lock on and create creases for the running game. His durability, pro-ready body (6-6, 313), and next-level tenacity make him a likely NFL starter wherever he lines up.	Possesses good thickness through his rear and thighs helping him drop and anchor. Plays with outstanding foot quickness in his pass sets. Able to mirror head<U+613C><U+3E64>-faking pass rushers like a cornerback with ability to shift weight and change directions seamlessly. Uses choppy, controlled slides in pass sets instead of long, protracted kick-slides. Able to shut down darting inside moves with relative ease. Blessed with exceptionally long arms. Uses length and excellent timing to get hands on edge rushers quickly disrupting their gameplan. Has athleticism to effectively recover and fight back when he gets beaten. When he gets hands on defender and locks out, it is over. Has impressive sink steps inside to wall of B-gap against twists and the backside in running game. Does adequate job of sustaining blocks. Plus lateral quickness off the snap. Can reach and seal the edge in run game. Accelerates into angle blocks, runs his feet and washes defender down. As base blocker, has ability to strike, turn and pin defensive ends on off-tackle runs his way. Instinctive and proactive against twists.
								Allows weight to creep forward past his feet and will get caught leaning, especially when trying to run rushers around the arc. Plays with average body control. Struggled to match inside/out rush moves of LSU?s Arden Key in his bowl game. Hands can be a little frenetic and end up outside defender?s frame. Will benefit from a stronger inside hand in his punch. Needs to improve hand placement. Slightly deficient in core power. Has quick feet but average footwork, especially after contact. Posture in protection needs work. Rarely a flat-backed, flat-footed puncher. Leans and makes contact while on balls of his feet or with feet in transition and will give some ground. Footwork and hands not always synced. Relies too heavily on length over feet. Pad level rises at contact robbing him of optimal leverage. Not a natural bender in space and struggles to redirect his body and strike moving targets.
							
2016	Parker Ehinger	2555203	OG	Cincinnati	Junior quarterback Gunner Kiel and his talented receivers made the headlines throughout the 2015 season, but Ehinger (pronounced EIN-ger) was a major reason for the team's success. He was a Freshman All-American in 2012, mostly starting at right tackle using his height and length. Ehinger moved to right guard for the team's bowl game that year and stayed there for two years, moving defenders in the run game and protecting the quarterback. He moved to left tackle for his senior year, using his strength and wide base effectively in pass protection ?- earning his second straight first-team All-American Athletic Conference nod.	Sets up in pass pro with balanced base and good posture. Keeps chin tucked and isn?t caught leaning very often. Wall off run blocker. Plays with good instincts and sees twists and blitzes as they develop. Four-year letterman along offensive line that was one of the better pass protection units during his time there.
								Core strength is below desired level and he can be jarred by a hard punch. Unable to drive his one<U+613C><U+3E64>-on-one block off the spot and and is poor at sustaining his run blocks. Plays with dead legs in space and change of direction is not functional. Opens up early against edge rush and gives away inside rush lane to counter moves. Marginal anchor. Feet and punch aren?t properly timed up.
							
2016	Ronnie Stanley	2555204	OT	Notre Dame	Stanley had a chance to leave for the National Football League after his third year in South Bend, but decided to return after watching Ohio State win the national championship in January of 2015. He wanted to be part of a national championship contender. Although that didn?t quite happen (Notre Dame lost games to conference champions Clemson and Stanford, each by two points before losing to Ohio State in the Fiesta Bowl), Stanley didn't hurt his draft stock with a 2015 second-team All-American season at left tackle. NFL scouts had hoped he would come out the year before, as he looked like a future pro while starting all 13 games at left tackle as the Irish's Offensive Lineman of the Year in 2014. Stanley started every game at the right tackle as a redshirt freshman (he played two early season games as a reserve in 2012), showing great promise. A durable, intelligent player with experience at both tackle spots, Stanley will be a coveted prospect.	Races out of the starting blocks and into pass sets as well as anyone in the country. Has long arms and knows how to use them. Plays with quick hands and a well-<U+613C><U+3E64>timed punch. Never panics when he loses hand placement, simply resets them. Specializes in quicksets getting his hands into the pass rusher first helping him to control the flow of the snap. Well-coached with great hand placement. Wins with activity over power. Is not often beaten around the edge by speed. Hard worker who plays through the whistle. Flexible and athletic with plus change of direction ability against counter moves. Has quickness off the snap to get to challenging backside blocks on linebackers. Able to pull into space and hit moving targets to spring the big run. Fell off of too many blocks in 2014, but did much better job of bringing his feet under him this year to help him sustain his blocks. In run game, able to gain late victories when it looks like stalemate is coming. Durable and dependable.
								In need of more functional, core power. Has to hang on for a ride when engaging against a physical defender who plays with leverage. Will need to win with feet and technique. Doesn?t have upper body strength to maul when his rep gets off track. Has athleticism to recover when he?s beaten but is just average at redirecting his man off-course once defender gets the advantage. Is more quick that explosive. Gives ground to bull rushers when his feet aren?t set at punch. Balance is average.
							
2016	Stephane Nembot	2555205	OT	Colorado	Stephane Nembot (steff-on name-bot) was born in Cameroon, speaks three languages (English, French, and Spanish) and well as 11 African dialects. He began playing football in his junior year of high school, starring as a defensive end. But as he grew into his massive frame during his redshirt freshman season at Colorado, coaches moved him over to right tackle -- during the middle of a game. He started the next week, and the following 36, at that right tackle spot before moving to the left side for the last month of the 2015 season. Nembot has agility and length to spare, and despite his still-leggy frame has added 40 pounds during his career at CU. 	Long<U+613C><U+3E64>-levered tackle prospect with gigantic hands. Has experience at both left and right tackle spots. Has shown improvement in each of his year's at the position. Sack total dropped from six (2013) to 4.5 (2014) to three (2015). Full time starter for the better part of four years. Aggressive with his punch and has some snap at the end of it to impact pass rusher's course. Has the athleticism and quickness to become a capable run blocker in space. Has high success rate in collapsing his man in downblocks. Much more disciplined in 2015 cutting holding down from five to one and false starts from four to one.
								Lean frame that could use longer trips to the training table. Moved from defensive end to offensive tackle as a redshirt freshman so he's still a work in progress. Footwork gets sloppy in run game and gets caught thinking rather than reacting. Ends up on ground entirely too much due to poor body control. Lacks power in lower half to win in the neutral zone as base blocker. Plays on skates in his pass sets. Overshifts his weight outside and then is unable to recover back inside when pass rushers come underneath him. Not enough bend or strength to drop anchor and battle back against a bull rush. Below average instincts.
							
2016	Taylor Decker	2555206	OT	Ohio St.	Ohio State's undisputed leader on the offensive line decided to come back for another year in Columbus instead of applying for entry into the 2015 draft, where he might have been a mid-to-late first-round pick. Decker not only got a chance to win back-to-back national titles during his senior year, but also an opportunity to prove he has the natural bend and elite athleticism (to go along with his obvious length, strength, and toughness) to be a top-five selection. The 2015 Big Ten Offensive Lineman of the Year played strong as the Buckeyes came up just short of reaching the College Football Playoff.	Good height and overall frame. Endowed with very good core strength and an ability to match power at the point of attack. Tough guy who scouts believe has the locker room presence and field demeanor to be an instant leader along an offensive line. Can be a brute in double teams and on down<U+613C><U+3E64>blocks. Fires into his target and drives his feet through contact, blowing open creases into lanes. Doesn?t give lip service to second level blocks and looks to strike a memorable lick on linebackers and safeties. At his best in vertical pass sets where he is smooth and natural. Gains good ground with his first two kick slides. Flat-backed pass sets with ready hands, a hearty punch and good hand placement. Has hand strength to snatch and control a centered block. Three-year starter with a winner?s pedigree. Played basketball in high school which helped with his body control.
								Has a tendency to pop straight up and play with high pads when moving laterally or in space. Shows surprisingly limited knee bend for being a former basketball player. Struggles to redirect his weight quickly and changing directions to hit moving targets is a chore. Stiff strider in space. Shows tendency to overset when attempting to set out on speed rushers. Upright style will cause problems for him against edge trimming pass rushers who can get under him. Average reactive athleticism limits effectiveness against counter moves back inside. Mirrors well precontact, but ability to mirror diminishes once first contact has been made. Short arms for his height. Too reliant on hand strength and upper body power over footwork and balance. Has issues consistently redirecting defenders who get to his edge.
							
2016	Tyler Johnstone	2555207	OT	Oregon	Johnstone suffered a knee injury in Oregon's 2013 Alamo Bowl win over Texas. He and his doctors thought an offseason of rehabbing would heal it; unfortunately, his ACL didn't agree. But after sitting out the 2014 season, Johnstone proved to be back at full strength in his senior campaign, starting every game and earning first-team All-Pac-12 honors. Using his time off last year to add bulk might pay off in the end, as now he has strength to fend off bull rushers as well as the athleticism to handle good pass rushers on the edge.	Has proven that he could add more mass and strength through additional weight work during his rehab work. Before his last knee injury, he showed exceptional fluidness and athleticism in setting out to defensive ends and climbing to second level. Scouts hope that athleticism will return with time. Plays hard to the whistle. Has ability to finish with some authority if he gets the clear upper hand. Has proper weight distribution in his kick slides. Has enough hand strength to ride the bull and finish a turbulent rep with continued engagement. Patient with hands and won?t give them away too early to pass rushers.
								Unfortunate injuries appear to have robbed him of some of his agility and athleticism. Left Oregon?s 2013 bowl game with torn ACL and then tore the same ACL again in first practice of 2014 forcing him to miss entire season. Sluggish to unglue from first block and work to his second block during combo blocks. Plays with narrow base limiting his lower body strength. More of a lean-and-push than bend-and-lift blocker. Unable to absorb contact on the move and maintain his balance. Subpar body control. Post-<U+613C><U+3E64>injury ability to mirror is questionable.
							
2016	Willie Beavers	2555208	OT	Western Michigan	At the end of Beavers' redshirt freshman year, Broncos coaches did something they wouldn't regret: start him at left tackle. He's been a stalwart on the blind side ever since (40 straight games), playing with a strong base, good feet, and excellent tenacity as a pass protector and run blocker. The 2015 first-team All-MAC (second team in 2014) pick?s size is only average, at best, for a tackle, but he'll get his shot.	Loose, fluid athlete for the position with very good foot quickness and agility. Quick out of his stance and is eager to get into his target first. first. Easy, natural mover in space and has all the traits to be effective as a zone scheme blocker. Has the quickness to get to difficult second level blocks. Uses staccato choppiness in his pass sets allowing him to make quick, power step back inside against slants, twists and counter moves. Has bubble butt with broad hips. When locking out as a base blocker, can generate impressive torque and turn from his hips and knock his man off-balance. Extremely competitive and active on each snap. Has quick hands and flashes some strength in them to snatch and maintain contact. Tends to remain engaged with his block for as long as possible. Won't quit when he?s beaten early in the snap. Has reactive athleticism to give himself an opportunity to battle back into a play. Processes twists and blitzes quickly and reacts accordingly. Played Michigan State and Ohio State in September and passed those tests.
								Overly eager and impatient at times. Excessive movement post<U+613C><U+3E64>-snap. Body control would benefit from "quieter" approach with hands. Must learn to call himself and play with greater patience. Desire to get hands on defender quickly opens him up to lunging and missing when pass rushers don?t immediately burst upfield and into contact. Needs to play with more consistent pad level. Appears to have average core strength and redirect power when opponent gets to his edge. Will play with a wide, grabby outside hand in pass protection. Needs to improve hand placement and punch to make better use of his 34-inch arms. Against speed on the edge, will over-set from time to time rather than trusting his own foot quickness. Could use a little wider base in pass pro. When blocking on an angle, uses inconsistent path allowing linebackers and defensive tackles to leak inside.
							
2016	Chris Moore	2555209	WR	Cincinnati	The Bearcats have a slew of receivers that helped the team finish sixth in the country in passing yardage in 2015, but despite the rotation, Moore has been the definition of a big-play receiver during his career at Cincinnati. Though he only had four catches as a redshirt freshman, they covered 113 yards (28.3 average) and he scored twice. Moore caught a career-high 45 passes in 2013 for 645 yards and nine scores, and then covered more yardage (673) and nearly as many touchdowns (eight) on only 30 receptions as a junior. Quarterback Gunner Kiel and Moore helped the Bearcats to that lofty ranking in 2015, with the receiver finishing second on the team with 870 yards and leading the squad with seven touchdowns on just 40 catches. His 21.8 yard per-catch average finished fourth in the FBS.	Has good size and long arms for his position. Long<U+613C><U+3E64>-strider with buildup speed used to get on top of cornerbacks who don't show him proper vertical respect. Saw 33 percent of his catches this season go for 25-plus yards and averaged almost 22 yards per catch over last two seasons. Frame to break tackles in open field. Not afraid to roam the middle of the field. Adequate ball tracking skills. Finds ball early, adjusts routes as needed and flashes some ability to make the tough, downfield catch.
								Limited receiver. Benefited from high percentage of free-release snaps against Bearcats' opponents. Straight-liner with hip stiffness limiting sink into breaks and sudden change of direction. Shows some balance issues against press coverage. When crowded off snap, slow to adjust and get into routes. Upright into breaks and routes can be dull and unfocused. Juking defenders after catch isn't his forte. Allows throws into his frame and defaults to body catching. Had nine drops over last two seasons.
							
2016	D'haquille Williams	2555210	WR	Auburn	Halfway through the 2014 season, it looked as though Williams was going to be the second former junior college receiver climbing up draft boards, along with West Virginia's Kevin White. However, a sprained MCL suffered late in the year and suspension for breaking team rules pushed Williams to return to school for the 2015 season. Then Williams reportedly assaulted multiple people while intoxicated in an Auburn club, and was dismissed from the team forthwith (though no one filed charges against Williams, who wasn't named in the police report.) Before the incident, Williams? production hadn't been great (12 catches, 147 yards, one score in five games.) Now NFL teams will have to decide whether he has the maturity, or the game, to be a valued prospect.	Big frame and usually plays to his size. Will post up cornerbacks down the field and uses his body to shield throws from defenders. Natural pass catcher with soft hands. Saw 82 percent of his catches go for first downs in 2014. At his best in longer developing, intermediate routes. Does solid job of setting up routes with leverage points and head <U+613C><U+3E64>fakes. Makes downfield catches with well-timed hands to consistently pluck throws at the high point and will lay out to make the tough catch. Can grind out an extra couple of yards after the catch in order to get the first down. Has the size to help run game as a blocker if his care factor is right.
								Consistent discipline issues at Auburn. Suspended for Outback Bowl after 2014 season, missed practices for "personal reasons" this August and was kicked off of the team in October admitting he "made mistake after mistake" which lead to his dismissal. Stiff hips and below average athlete. Restricted, semi-strider off snap and slow into routes. Won?t slip many tackles in the open field after the catch. Despite his size, blocking not a priority for him. Small hands for his size. Can't shake free underneath and will have to live off of contested catches. Very little acceleration for separation out of breaks. Could be forced into slot role only. Looked like he was going through the motions in 2015 before his dismissal. Scouts don?t trust his personal or football character at all.
							
2016	Geronimo Allison	2555211	WR	Illinois	Allison?s journey to Illinois was a bit circuitous. He didn?t play high school football as a sophomore or junior, so he fell a bit below the recruiting radar. Allison received plenty of major college football love after two years at Iowa Western Community College, as he helped the Reivers win a national title in 2012 and rank second in the nation in 2013 (69-872, eight touchdowns). He contributed immediately as a junior (41-598, five scores) and then earned honorable mention All-Big Ten (65-882, three touchdowns) by leading the Illini in receiving this fall. Allison is a lean strider who stretches defenses vertically and is able to high-point passes, making him a potential red zone weapon. 	Can steer clear of press coverage with foot quickness and head fakes off the snap. High point pass catcher who gets full extension when trying to pluck the high throws. Able to stick the landing when making a touch catch near the boundary. Angular receiver who will fight through a tackler after the catch. As a blocker, squares up his target and gives above average effort as a blocker on the edge. Grinds on film. Voted team captain multiple weeks in 2015 and takes his role of team leader seriously.
								Below average deep threat. Rare to see him run a go route past a cornerback and make himself an open vertical target. Lack of deep speed allows cornerbacks to sit on underneath routes. Ohio State cornerbacks ran his routes all day long. Focus drops an issue this year. Had drop rate of just over 11 percent this year. Play speed into routes needs to improve. Hip stiffness prevents him from sinking hips into breaks. Below average acceleration out of breaks. Too often crowds himself against the boundary.
							
2016	Hunter Sharp	2555212	WR	Utah St.	A cousin of Kansas City Chiefs star linebacker Derrick Johnson, it's no surprise that Sharp shows Sunday-type athleticism. After excelling at the junior college level for two years, the California native put on a show for the Aggies the past two years. Sharp garnered honorable mention All-Mountain West honors in 2014, using strong hands and excellent quickness to snatch 66 balls out of the air for 939 yards and seven scores, four of which were longer than 70 yards (most in the nation). General managers will ask about the two-game suspension he served to start the 2015 season, though he managed to bounce back for a second-team All-Mountain West campaign (71-839, nine touchdowns).	Can ruin a cornerback?s entire day with his speed. Explodes off the line of scrimmage with forward lean and is able to open to full stride almost immediately. Combines swivel hips along with bravado and speed to make his mark after the catch. Weaves through traffic in his routes and after catch seamlessly. Can make defenders miss, but isn?t afraid to lean in and finish his run aggressively. Used from slot, outside and out of backfield. Big play potential vertically or underneath after the catch. Uses stutter-<U+613C><U+3E64>and-go to get cornerbacks tilting early in his release. Has the play strength and instant burst that should allow him to defeat press coverage as a pro. Runs patient, controlled routes and can maximize separation. Can return punts and kicks. Ran a variety of routes over last two seasons. Run blocking needs refining but he?s more than willing to do his share.
								Has a bad habit of waiting on throws. Allows throws to get on top of him rather than getting arm extension and attacking the throw early. Suspended for two full games to start the season for a violation of team rules. Length of suspension could raise red flags for scouts. Could stand to eliminate some wasted motion in his routes. Built more like a running back than a receiver. Lacks the height and arm length teams like from outside receivers who are called on to win 50/50 throws downfield. Wasn?t physically challenged by quality press coverage very often in college.
							
2016	Jay Lee	2555213	WR	Baylor	A size-speed prospect, Lee's ability to stretch the field has worked perfectly in Art Briles' prolific Baylor offense. He stepped up his game as a junior, catching 41 passes for 633 yards and six touchdowns and even throwing a 53-yard touchdown pass to Corey Coleman in the Cotton Bowl against Michigan State. Lee became an even bigger part of the Bears? nation-leading offense in 2015, averaging nearly 20 yards per catch using his striding speed and scoring eight touchdowns. Lee was a nice foil to Coleman this fall, a role he'll likely play at the next level.	Has height/weight/speed combination that has NFL evaluators intrigued. Rare arm length (33 inches) for the position and uses it to his advantage. Has ability to reach throws that may fall just out of reach with some receivers and was able to adjust and snare an occasional low throw. Silky smooth in his movements with good footwork into and out of his breaks. Easy strider off the line of scrimmage and is able to chomp up cornerback cushion before they know what's happening. Hits second gear and presents an open vertical target. Has ability to gain yards in space after the catch and is physical in his finish. Relied upon to be blocker in screen game and has ability to control his block on perimeter.
								Ran limited number of routes in Baylor offense that looks to isolate defensive backs in space. Production might be skewed by scheme. Routes tend to be flat and rounded. Needs to prove he can win with separation underneath and with his in and out breaking routes. Inconsistent hands due to technique. Uses unorthodox hand placement and catches ball near his body leading to high drop rate. Wasn't forced to deal with press coverage much in wide-<U+613C><U+3E64>open Big 12. Scouts question his confidence and whether he has swagger needed to reach his potential.
							
2016	Laquon Treadwell	2555214	WR	Mississippi	Another one of Ole Miss' great recruiting pickups over the past few years, Treadwell was a five-star recruit, consensus All-American, and overall No. 1 receiver prospect in the country. Not surprisingly, he parlayed his talent to selection as the top freshman in the SEC in 2013 (72-608, five scores). Things were going swimmingly for Treadwell as a sophomore until he suffered a broken fibula against Auburn in the last month of the season; he finished with 48 catches for 632 yards and five touchdowns in nine games.  Despite the late-season injury, he worked hard (losing 25 pounds without any strength) to play in the 2015 season opener and helped the Rebels beat Alabama in mid-September (5-80, TD). Treadwell only got better as he gained confidence in his surgically-repaired leg, finishing the year with 82 catches, 1,153 yards, and 11 scores as a Biletnikoff Award finalist, All-American (second team Walter Camp, third team AP), and first-team All-SEC pick by league coaches. The icing on the cake for Treadwell was his performance in his final game for Ole Miss, catching three touchdowns against Oklahoma State in the Rebels' Sugar Bowl victory.	Good height and overall length. Smart receiver with a competitive edge when the ball is in the air. Catch-
winner. Has a natural feel for the nuances of the position. Has feel for defender and is careful to work back to throws while shielding cornerbacks from the ball. Hands catcher with adequate body control who 
can climb the ladder and high point catches over defenders. Truly shines with ball-<U+613C><U+3E64>tracking skills and rarely gives away location of the ball with early movements when racing downfield against cornerbacks. Has subtle shiftiness in his routes thanks to his clean footwork. Can stagger and stutter feet while still working through his routes. Zone eater who has great understanding of positioning in space and giving his quarterback cleanest throw possible. Uses quality stiffarm after the catch for additional ?RAC? yards. Willing to block, but has size and temperament to become much better at it.
								Doesn?t have the cushion-eating, vertical speed to scare cornerbacks. Cornerbacks will crowd his underneath routes from off-man coverage. Benefitted with several easy catches in space against zone coverage. Struggled to free himself from press coverage against LSU?s Tre?Davious White and may have separation issues in pros against quick cornerbacks. Takes time to gear down into breaks once he gets 
speed up. Could stand to be more physical in his release against press. Had more focus drops in 2015 than over previous two seasons. Suffered season-ending injury in November of 2014 with broken fibula and dislocated ankle.
							
2016	Leonte Carroo	2555215	WR	Rutgers	Despite the fact he was losing his quarterback of eight years in Gary Nova (they played together at Don Bosco Prep, as well) for his senior year, Carroo decided to stay in college for one more year. The honorable mention All-Big Ten pick in 2014 (1,068 receiving yards, 19.7 yards per catch, 10 touchdowns) didn?t have quite as much success as a senior (39-809, 10 touchdowns), mostly because a high-ankle sprain and suspension for an assault arrest (the charges for which were dropped by the female victim) kept Carroo from maximizing his productivity. Despite these issues, he earned third-team All-Big Ten accolades from league media due to his playmaking ability. 	Has desired NFL size. Targeted by his quarterbacks at a high rate over last three seasons and was up to the challenge. Consistently productive. Averaged over 20 yards per catch over last two seasons and 31 of his 217 catches went for 25-plus yards. Finished with 29 touchdowns over three seasons. Strong ball tracker who can adjust to off-target deep balls and run under them. Can sell cornerback on the vertical route and then break it off suddenly while working back to the throw. Natural, reliable hands catcher who snatches the ball away from his body. Able to make contested catches. Uses plus balance and footwork to accelerate out of his breaks and create separation. Improved his release against press coverage by 
varying approaches and improving initial footwork. Gets upfield immediately after the catch and has size to finish with an extra yard or two tacked on. Played in scheme that required him to be a willing and competitive run blocker. Team captain. Willing to play with pain. Missed two games due to high ankle sprain, but came back early and played hurt over final three games of the season.
								His gaudy yards per catch numbers are a function of Rutgers play-<U+613C><U+3E64>action passing attack more than his speed deep. Rarely outruns cornerbacks and struggles to get over the top and stack them. Is a little too upright into his routes and hip stiffness limits ability to run sharp out-breaking and in-breaking routes. Has had his struggles against physical, press-man cover men with length. Was completely ineffective and nearly shut out in 2014 against Michigan State?s Trae Waynes. Scouts have concerns regarding Carroo's personal character and reliability. Suspended two games for his role in a simple assault charge involving a domestic dispute and missed the first half of the first game after being suspended for missing curfew.
							
2016	Malcolm Mitchell	2555216	WR	Georgia	Mitchell tore his ACL in the 2013 season opener, and fought back the last two seasons to become the outstanding player he has been early in his career in Athens (Freshman All-SEC pick, 85 catches for over 1,200 yards and eight scores in 2011-2012.) He finally started all 13 games in 2015, leading the Bulldogs in receiving (58-865, four TD). He?s not putting up huge numbers like Big 12 receivers because of the Bulldogs' offense, but scouts see Mitchell's sure hands and toughness over the middle, making him a reliable No. 2 or 3 option for a pro offense.	Made huge jump in explosive plays and yards per catch from 2014 to 2015. Has the ability to make some plays down the field with a quarterback who will take some shots. Adequate play speed and can vary tempo of his routes. Very good hip sink to stop quickly and open up to the quarterback. Route running shows promise. Smooth with change of direction and works back to the ball. Able to make sharp cuts out of breaks and does a nice job of selling double moves. Consistently tracks and high-<U+613C><U+3E64>points downfield throws and is able to adjust to throws high, low and outside. Generally reliable hands and showed toughness in making catches where he know he was going to take a big shot.
								Doesn?t have plus size or speed to consistently threaten outside cornerbacks. Speedy cornerbacks sat on his routes and showed little respect for his long speed. Can be knocked off schedule by physical cornerbacks. Must prove he can adjust routes without the noticeable slowing that the tape shows. Has room for improvement with leveraging of routes to create more separation for out-breaking routes. Will duck head and give away timing of when he?s going to sink his routes to man cornerbacks. Would like to see better separation ability underneath. Knee injuries slowed his career so his medicals could be a concern. Not as effective as a blocker in space as some teams will want.
							
2016	Aaron Green	2555217	RB	TCU	Green averaged 7.1 yards per rush (922 yards, nine scores on just 129 carries) as a junior, so it's not hard to see why he earned second-team All-Big 12 notice. Though he regressed to the honorable mention category in 2015, his production actually increased (1,272 yards, 11 TD). The Nebraska transfer and nephew of NFL Pro Bowl cornerback Gary Green must convince teams he?s not too much of a bounce-outside runner to be an every-down workhorse.	Choppy, quick feet. Runs on the balls of his feet and is able to change direction suddenly. Production fell off some in 2015, but showed some explosive tendencies in 2014. Has good jump cut for lateral escapability. Not a burner, but has speed to the outside and can out<U+613C><U+3E64>race defenders to the corner. At his best with wide stretch plays that allow him to hit the gas around the corner or shuffle and cut it into a 
developing crease on the perimeter. Ball security is good enough.
								Plays like a 180 pound running back. Runs with very little power in his legs and is unable to break tackles or right the ship and stay upright when his feet get caught in the trash near the line of scrimmage. Not a willing runner between the tackles and goes out of his way to try and break it outside whenever he can. Hesitant through the hole. Feet come to sudden stop when contact is imminent. Loses balance at times 
when making sharp cuts. Not trustworthy in blitz protection. Appears to run out of apprehension over desire.
							
2016	Dan Vitale	2555218	FB	Northwestern	Northwestern's "superback" is a one-of-a-kind position in college football, and Vitale's (vuh-TAL-ee) intelligence, size, physicality, and receiving skills were made to fill that role. He?s consistently been a part of the passing game during his career (102 receptions for over 1,000 yards and seven scores his first three years), and when the Wildcats want to focus on the run, Vitale can open up holes for running backs from an H-back or in-line spot. He capped off his career with a second-team All-Big Ten effort in 2015, leading the team with 33 receptions for 355 yards and a career-high four scores. 	Utilized at versatile "superback" position during his time at Northwestern. Has shown ability to line up in slot, from behind center and all points in <U+613C><U+3E64>between. Runs better routes than many of the wide outs in this draft. Able to catch throws in traffic and take the hit. Shows no hesitation to stick his nose in the hole and into his intended target as a blocker. Generally solid radar as a blocker. Consistently lands his strikes inside the framework of defender. Team-oriented and highly coachable leader.
								Might be considered a too small for teams looking for a classic lead blocker. Thickly muscled and maxed out frame with little room for additional, functional mass. Missing length and overall mass to get into defender and control him throughout the rep. Not a true thumper as iso blocker. Slows feet at point of contact rather than accelerating through his intended target with force. Lacking desired athleticism outside of his frame to sustain as move blocker. Despite his plus route running, doesn?t have quickness out of breaks to gain separation as a receiver.
							
2016	Daniel Lasco	2555219	RB	California	Coming off of a team MVP and honorable mention All-Pac-12 campaign in 2014 (1,115 rush yards, 12 touchdowns; 33-356 receiving), Lasco looked for a big senior year to finish off his career. Unfortunately, he couldn't stay healthy in 2015, playing in nine games due to hip and ankle injuries (three starts; 65-331 rushing, three TD; 4-24 receiving). Scouts already wondered if Lasco would stay healthy with a 6-1, 205-pound build, but he's not contact-shy. In fact, he led the team with 12 special teams tackles as a true freshman in addition to carrying the ball six times for 109 and a score.	Athletic short-strider with potential to make a quick cut to avoid contact. Inconsistent play speed, but does show a second gear to burst past a tackler. Has some ?get<U+613C><U+3E64>away? in the open field when he sees daylight. Highly productive 2014 campaign creates hope that 2015 injury was primarily responsible for on-field issues. Has adequate hands and was a weapon out of the backfield in 2014. Productive on cover teams at Cal and has potential to be special teams contributor.
								Not an instinctive runner between the tackles. Slow to process development of running lanes and appears unable to make late decisions and keep the run alive. Needs to show more creativity as a runner. Leaves too many yards out on the field due to lack of vision. Too quick to give in and end the run. Suffered through a hip injury in 2015 that robbed him of effectiveness and confidence. Needs to run with more urgency and desire. Gears down rather than accelerates when contact is imminent. Yardage after contact numbers are below average.
							
2016	Derek Watt	2555220	FB	Wisconsin	Watt isn't an athletic freak like his older brother and 2014 NFL Defensive Player of the Year, J.J. Watt, but he'll be a tough cut from an NFL roster. While not a thumping fullback/H-back, he has the athleticism to find targets and create creases for excellent backs such as 2015 first-round pick Melvin Gordon. Watt is a solid receiver (15 catches for 139 yards this season) and can contribute on special teams as well, showing off the tackling skills he possessed as a second-team USA Today All-American high school linebacker. He played the second half of the 2014 season while recovering from a broken foot in the opener, but came back to stay healthy as a senior. 	Utility man deployed all over the field. Used as lead-blocking fullback in traditional rushing attack. Blocked from "I," off<U+613C><U+3E64>set and tight end spots. Great radar to fit up on linebackers. Plays with desired toughness and dirty work mentality for the position. Shows no hesitation into iso blocks or when asked to take on defensive linemen. Solid in pass protection. Runs a quality route and had no drops this season. Runs through first contact after the catch. Work ethic and football IQ run in the family. Can offer immediate special teams work.
								Needs to add more beef to matchup with NFL size. Doesn?t have NFL juice as a lead blocker. Will need to improve angles and leverage as a lead blocker to offset lack of power. Halfstrider who doesn?t have the acceleration or stride to create much separation out of his breaks as a pass catcher. Mostly a body catcher.
							
2016	Derrick Henry	2555221	RB	Alabama	It's tough to accomplish more as a high school or college athlete than Henry did over the past five years. He won the 2012 Maxwell Club National High School Player of the Year award after setting a national record for career rushing yards (12,124, including 4,261 in his senior season) and scored 153 touchdowns. Then, despite breaking his leg in spring practices after graduating early from Yulee High (Florida), Henry averaged more than 10 yards per carry as a true freshman for the Tide (35-382, 3 TDs) and scored on a 61-yard reception -- his only one of the season. Even though the 6-3, 242-pound back started just two games as a sophomore, Henry consistently shared carries with T.J. Yeldon, covering 990 yards on just 172 totes (5.8 per) and scoring 11 times. He topped off his collegiate career by winning the 2015 Heisman Trophy, along with the Doak Walker, Maxwell, Walter Camp Player of the Year awards. The unanimous first-team All-American led the nation with 2,219 rushing yards and 28 rushing touchdowns last fall, more or less winning the Heisman by racking up 213 yards and three touchdowns against LSU in a showdown with fellow trophy hopeful Leonard Fournette (who had 31 yards for the game). His true "Heisman moment" came after he already owned the hardware, as he came up huge in the national championship game win over Clemson, carrying the pail 36 times for 167 yards and three scores. 	One of the biggest running backs you will ever see. Can be a violent runner without even trying. Pummels tacklers with forward lean and dynamite behind his pads. Gives run-<U+613C><U+3E64>support cornerbacks bad dreams. Rare top-end speed for a runner his size. Long strides from second to third level cut into reaction time for safeties and often leave them a step short and grasping for air. Effective in zone, gap and power schemes. Rarely fatigues and wears down defenses as game goes on. Had 29.6 percent of his explosive carries come in the fourth quarter. Makes consistent, initial reads as a zone runner. Against 
Mississippi State, took outside zone run and cut it all the way back across formation outracing defense for 65-yard touchdown. Led nation in missed tackles forced with 60. Uses subtle change of direction on the second level  while keeping runs north/south. Used as a possession bully in short yardage spots and when Alabama wanted to impose their will.
								With almost 400 touches this year, scouts are concerned about his workload. Averaged almost 32 carries against SEC competition including 90 carries over his final two regular season games. Tall, long-strider who takes time to build up his speed. Average foot quickness can lead to tackles for losses if he gets too cute in the backfield. Needs to improve his second read as a zone runner. Ineffective in passing game with below average hands. Narrow based running style allows defenders to trip him up. More run-finisher 
than tackle breaker with just seven broken tackles to Leonard Fournette's 22. Sluggish cutback ability once he's outside the tackle box.
							
2016	Devon Johnson	2555222	RB	Marshall	It's not tough to see why "Rockhead" earned that moniker -- no one wants to get in the way of this 6-1, 243-pound freight train when he's healthy. The 2014 first-team All-Conference USA pick accumulated 1,767 yards and 17 touchdowns rushing as a junior after lining up for two years as a tight end. His receiving skills (12 catches, 218 yards, two scores in 2013) actually give him a chance to take on an H-back role. Unfortunately, Johnson could only play seven games (five starts) in 2015 due to a back injury (593 rush yards, five TD). So he'll need to prove his health before proving he can play on Sundays.	Big boy who is a straight banger. Nicknamed "Rockhead" which fits his running style. Will drop pads, accelerate and drive through would<U+613C><U+3E64>-be tacklers. Has thick, powerful legs that he continues to churn through initial contact. Will take tacklers for a ride if they try and tackle him high. Put together a monster 2014 campaign with 29 carries for 15-plus yards. Makes early decisions and will hit the gas quickly. Has more juice around the corner than linebackers give him credit for. Play speed is good for his size and can hit a big run if he gets up a head of steam. Good inside zone runner who presses line of scrimmage then maintains a tight track off the hip of his blocker. Short-yardage winner. Was a terrific special teams cover man over first two seasons at Marshall.
								A one-decision runner. Reads the hole and then mashes the gas rather than continuing to look for the second move. Limited as a runner. Doesn't have the flexibility or loose hips for quick cutting and creativity at the line of scrimmage. Not as balanced as expected. Despite coming into Marshall as tight end, looks disinterested as a pass catcher and had minor production in that area despite having some ability. Needs to improve focus in pass protection. Ball security needs work after fumbling five times over last 290 carries. Missed six of final eight games in 2015 with a back injury.
							
2016	Devontae Booker	2555223	RB	Utah	The former Washington State signee and junior-college star ran just 31 times in his first three games with the Utes in 2014 -- then he ran for an average of 130 yards a game through the rest of the season. Booker followed up that performance with a second-team All-Pac-12 senior campaign (1,261 yards, 11 TD in 10 games) before a torn meniscus sidelined him early. His power, quickness, elusiveness in the hole, and receiving ability (80 receptions in 2014-2015) give him an excitement factor lacking from most collegiate backs.	Patient runner but decisive when he sees the crease. Hits it through the crease with determination. Flashes above-average feel for the way running lanes shift and change, and he flows with it making the smart choices to avoid tacklers and extend runs. Features excellent vision. Doesn?t get caught dancing very often and usually ends the run on his terms with low pads and forward lean. Can maintain play speed when changing direction and cutting. Has crisp footwork approaching the line of scrimmage and can dodge and dart around penetration to create yardage opportunities. Elusive second-level runner able to string together a slew of moves in succession. Effective pass catcher with soft hands. Rarely leaves the field. Dependable short yardage back in college. Willing to step up and do his part in pass protection.
								Doesn?t have the top<U+613C><U+3E64>-end speed to be a ?chunk play? runner. Full-time running back, but on the borderline of size NFL teams look for from a full-time back. May not be able to add more weight onto his frame without compromising quickness and his average speed. Cut down on his fumbles this season but had six last year which could be a potential concern at the NFL level. His 12-yard runs could become 4-yard runs thanks to average getaway speed.
							
2016	Ezekiel Elliott	2555224	RB	Ohio St.	Elliott's dad, Stacy, played linebacker for the Missouri Tigers and was on the unfortunate end of the infamous "fifth down" play in which Colorado scored a game-winning touchdown (which might not have crossed the goal line) after officials in charge of the down markers failed to mark a play. "Zeke" has had much more success than heartbreak during his athletic career, however. The St. Louis Post-Dispatch High School Offensive Player of the Year as a senior, Elliott also had the speed to win four state titles in track and field (100 meters, 200 meters, 110 high hurdles, and 300 hurdles).  He contributed as a reserve in his freshman year in Columbus (30-262, two TD rushing) before hitting it big in 2014, finishing with three straight 200-yard games, including two against Alabama which (scoring six times in those two contests) helped the Buckeyes win the national title. Elliott carried forth the momentum from the end of his honorable mention All-Big Ten sophomore year into 2015, when he received the Big Ten Offensive Player of the Year award (1,821 yards, 23 TD rushing; 27-206 receiving) and second-team All-American notice from the Associated Press and USA Today. Unfortunately, Ohio State's home loss to Michigan State on a terrible weather day, in which Elliott received only 15 carries (complaining to the media afterwards about his lack of totes), prevented the team from defending its title in the College Football Playoff. His 149-yard, four touchdown effort against Notre Dame in the Fiesta Bowl put a happy ending on his career, however, allowing him to finish second all-time in rushing yards for the storied Buckeyes program.	Elite combination of vision and decisiveness. Instinctive, short strider with instant reaction time. Has a bona fide jump-<U+613C><U+3E64>cut to elude penetration in the backfield and enough burst to elude chasers when he bounces runs to the outside. Able to change directions with no hesitation or wasted motion and is always headed forward. Has innate feel for developing blocks in space and is excellent at setting his blocks up and accelerating from behind them when the linebacker is trapped. When it's gridlocked inside, finds yards on his own. Rocked up physique but still maintains loose hips for agility. Exceptional balance through contact and takes tacklers for a ride. Has a "come at me, bro!" mentality as a runner. Loves to end runs on his physical terms. Uses lead shoulder as a weapon, but plays with outstanding ball security. Looks to absolutely bludgeon defenders as a lead blocker and is often successful. Able pass catcher who adjusts to throws and can do something with it after the catch.
								Strapped it up with a heavy workload over last two seasons including over 600 touches. Defenders land big shots on him. Appears to be too willing to put himself through the meat grinder rather than avoiding certain collisions. Understanding when to attack and when to elude may take time for him. Can sharpen his pass routes a bit and has room for improvement as a pass blocker. On second level, gets on top of defenders before he has a chance to gather himself into a position to evade a tackle. Questions arose about his maturity after complaining about lack of carries in Michigan State game.
							
2016	Jeff Seybold	2555225	RB	Pittsburg St. (KS)	Seybold expected to start his career on a scholarship with Division II Nebraska-Omaha. But after his redshirt season in 2010, the football program was shut down so he took his game to Pittsburg State, across the Nebraska-Kansas border. He's also had difficulty staying healthy at PSU, playing in eight games as freshman (54-273 rushing, one TD), missing time with a groin injury. His 2012 season was short-circuited due to injury after only two games, and in 2014, he started five games but a foot injury cost him the rest of the year (47-233 rushing, two TD). Seybold's 2013 season was his best, carrying the ball 201 times for 1,434 yards and 22 touchdowns (19-129 receiving, one TD) on his way to first team All-MIAA and honorable mention All-American honors.  Seybold was an honorable mention All-MIAA pick in his sixth and final collegiate season, covering 696 yards and scoring six times on 151 totes.	Built low to the ground and runs with plus balance and cutback ability. Shows good vision for the most part and is decisive in space picking the correct running lane most of the time when faced with a choice. Good feel as an outside runner. Has a second gear that he'll activate to turn the corner. Very natural pass catcher with soft hands and wiggle to become a problem for tacklers after the catch. Catches the ball well enough that a switch to wide receiver as a pro could at least be considered. Has a nose for the end zone when he gets close.
								Short, but lacking the lower body power seen in many shorter, more compact runners. Is a hesitant inside runner. Approaches the line of scrimmage with too much caution and not enough play speed. Will duck his head and wait to take a hit when squeezing through an interior hole rather than bursting with confidence to daylight. Lacking the expected twitch out of his jump cuts for quick acceleration from trouble. Not a tackle breaker and shows little to no interest in getting his nose dirty in pass protection. Seybold missed seven games in 2014 with a foot injury and almost the entire 2012 campaign with a season-<U+613C><U+3E64>ending injury.
							
2016	Johnathan Gray	2555226	RB	Texas	Gray's career was not as prolific as was expected coming to Austin as the top high school recruit in the country who twice earned the National Mr. Football award (205 touchdowns, 10,889 rush yards). He earned honorable mention All-Big 12 honors (710 rush yards, three touchdowns) as a freshman, but tore his right Achilles tendon halfway through his sophomore season. Gray just began to show glimpses of his explosive running style near the end of 2014 (637 yards, seven touchdowns), but couldn't really translate that success as a 10-game starter as a senior (123 carries, 489 yards, three touchdowns).	Looks the part and understands the craft of running the football. Decisive runner. Feet are just adequate. Has experience in a pro-<U+613C><U+3E64>style rushing attack has decent feel and vision in both gap and zone scheme rushing attacks. Runs with bend and good pad level. Is willing to drop a shoulder and lean into contact in an effort to deliver a blow. Played special teams his senior year and might be able to expand his special teams potential if given the chance. Hands are average, but can be used out of the backfield. Will not shy away from contact. On outside zone plays, showed a second gear to burst around edge, when sealed, and can press the line of scrimmage before making cuts. Unselfish with a good work ethic.
								Lacks creativity and elusiveness. Doesn't really possess much suddenness in his game and struggles to bounce runs laterally when clear lanes aren?t available. Below average top-end speed and can be plodding at times. Suffered Achilles injury as a sophomore and there are concerns in scouting community that he lost some burst after that. Usually gets just what is blocked. Has rounded cuts rather than crisp sharp ones. Isn?t much of a tackle breaker and averaged 1.7 yards after initial contact over the last three years which is a disappointing total.
							
2016	Jonathan Williams	2555227	RB	Arkansas	Williams was a second-team all-conference performer in 2014 with 1,190 yards and 12 touchdowns rushing, despite the fact that he shared carries with junior Alex Collins for the second straight year (he had 900 yards and four touchdowns as a sophomore). Williams missed the 2015 regular season after undergoing foot surgery, but decided he was better off entering the league instead of taking advantage of a redshirt (he played 11 games, starting two, as a true freshman). The thickly built and athletic Williams has the strength to return from this injury and excel as an NFL rookie.	Loose hips and quick feet are his calling card. Crafty with outstanding lateral movement to side<U+613C><U+3E64>step tacklers in the backfield, in the hole and on the second level. Light feet allow for immediate actions and reactions when needed. Forced 44 missed tackles in 2014. Has excellent instincts. Great feel through the hole maintaining distance from tacklers and finds the best running lane possible most of the time. Limited tread wear with just 406 carries at Arkansas. Sets up his blocks well and runs with good balance through contact and an ability to run through arm tackles. Played in physical running game and will finish runs stronger than most slashing backs. Dependable in short yardage with the fortitude for short yardage situations. Three-down running back with soft hands out of the backfield. Willing to do his part in pass protection.
								Needs to play with consistent burst and decisiveness. Spoiled between massive Arkansas offensive line that blew open gaping lanes that he won't see in the pros. Against Georgia (2014), made bad decisions to break inside runs outside because lanes were tighter than usual. At times, got too cute in the hole rather than planting and bursting upfield. Thin calves. Could use a little more thickness in his legs. Missed entire 2014 season after surgery to repair a left foot injury in August. Must get better at protecting football at point of impact. Lost five fumbles in 2014.
							
2016	Josh Ferguson	2555228	RB	Illinois	Ferguson never had a 1,000-rushing yard season in his career, but he's been invaluable to Illinois' offense when given the chance. He produced more than 1,000 yards of total offense in 2013 and 2014, including 1,162 as a junior (735 rushing, 427 receiving on 50 receptions), and scored 21 total touchdowns in 2013-2014. Ferguson missed three games with a shoulder injury as a senior, but still nearly reached four digits of rushing-receiving yards (988 total, five TD). Ferguson isn't the biggest back in the draft class, but his explosiveness and elusiveness are perfect for teams looking for a dual threat in the backfield.	Electric short-area acceleration from one of the most "sudden" backs in this draft. Possesses tremendously quick feet and seems to glide rather than run. Can make cuts on a dime. Can string together move after move with subtle direction changes, sharp jump cuts and wicked spin moves. 
Tacklers spend more time corralling him than hitting him with clean shots. Blazing speed to turn the corner and hit a "chunk yardage" run. Dangerous weapon in the passing game. Used to mismatch linebackers in coverage and was able to run away from them out of his breaks and after the catch. Can adjust to difficult throws in space and has desired hands to become a factor from the slot.
								Smallish scat back who would much rather bounce his run outside than commit between the tackles. Unable to break tackles and finish runs falling forward. Fumbled the ball an astounding six times over 145 carries in 2014 with an additional fumble as a receiver. Has lapses of indecisiveness and vision fails him at times. At times, will do too much dancing if there isn?t a clearly blocked running lane. Always looking to hit a big play rather than understanding when to let a play go.
							
2016	Kenneth Dixon	2555229	RB	Louisiana Tech	For a couple of days, Dixon was the leading touchdown scorer in FBS history. Even though Navy quarterback Keenan Reynolds bested Dixon?s 87 scores in his final game, Tech?s top dog had an outstanding career. He earned first-team All-Conference USA honors in 2015 (1,070 rush yds, 467 receiving yards, 26 total TD) despite missing two games with an ankle injury. Dixon had earned first-team all-conference notice in the WAC as a true freshman in 2012 (1,194 yards, 27 rush TD) and second-team All-Conference USA the last two years as he hit 1,000 yards rushing (1,299) in 2014 and 917 as a sophomore while fighting a knee injury. That sort of consistency is a rare feat for a college back.	Hungry runner who almost never gives in to the defender. Light on his feet using outstanding jump <U+613C><U+3E64>cut and lateral quickness to sidestep danger in the backfield and create a positive play. Elusiveness on second level often leaves tacklers grasping at air. Able to string moves together and hit the explosive play. Despite being keyed on, still creates yardage for himself. Determined and competitive. Accelerates through initial contact and squeezes carries for everything he can. Averaged almost twice as many yards per carry after first contact (3.3) than before first contact (1.7). Greedy eater when endzone in his sights with 39 rushing touchdowns since 2014. Quick recognition of defensive flow and adjusts running lanes accordingly. Decisive runner with plus burst and ability to charge it up to his top speed instantly. Has very 
good feel for running lanes and tacklers and is able to navigate both without much wasted movement. Violent finisher for his size and enjoys thumping corners and safeties. Reliable pass catcher who can hurt teams out of the backfield.
								Very average thickness through lower half. Struggled with a knee injury in 2013 and missed two games in 2015 with an ankle injury. Physical running style could lead to durability concerns. Not as likely to slip out of side doors against substantially better competition. Average long speed makes him more slasher than home-run hitter. Competitive resolve leads him to try and do too much on some snaps. Base narrows in space and can be susceptible to shoestring tackles. Aggression and competitiveness as a runner isn?t as readily available in pass protection. Needs to improve ball security. Has fumbled 13 times over last three seasons.
							
2016	Kenyan Drake	2555230	RB	Alabama	Drake's explosiveness as an all-purpose weapon is somewhat tempered by his injury history. He suffered a broken leg against Ole Miss in 2014, and then fractured his right arm trying to make a tackle on special teams this fall. Drake did return a couple of weeks after that injury, however, and flashed his slashing style (averaged six yards a carry for his career). He also provides good hands out of the backfield (12.5 yards per reception). He showed in the national championship game he can be a threat as a kickoff returner, taking one back 95 yards for a crucial score. A healthy Drake could be a great find in the mid-to-late rounds.	Can be exhausting watching him because feet never stop moving -- ever. Able to elude defenders. Features second gear to burst through line and can string together moves in open field. Will press line of scrimmage effectively to set up his blocks. Legs keep churning through contact. Willing to aggressively finish runs. Will gain more yards post-contact than expected. Very quick feet with the lateral agility to escape from heavy traffic and bounce it outside. Used at times as slot receiver and has ability to be effective pass-catcher in pros. Was kick returner, blocked a punt and made several tackles while playing special teams at Alabama.
								Can be almost too frenetic. Mind seems to be racing with ball in his hands and he will show a lack of patience at times. Responds to what is in front of him rather than anticipating what is coming. Inconsistent hands with five drops to 44 catches during his career. Can get too dancey when asked to play downhill. Tendency to cut runs toward sideline rather than back into middle of the field. Change-of-pace runner without a go-<U+613C><U+3E64>to value. Suffered broken leg in 2014 and broken arm in 2015.
							
2016	Paul James	2555231	RB	Rutgers	When James is healthy and getting the ball, he's tough to stop. James can wiggle his way through a crease, power through arm tackles and has enough of a burst to break off big runs. Unfortunately, he hasn't been healthy often enough the past two seasons, missing six weeks in 2013 (still gaining 881 yards and scoring nine touchdowns) and then tearing his right ACL in the fourth week of his junior year (363 yards, five touchdowns in four games). Although he started 10 games as a senior, he was part of a three-headed committee so he didn?t put up big numbers (544 yards on just 99 carries, five scores). Still, he has the talent to play at the next level.	Leader in the locker room. Has some ability to side<U+613C><U+3E64>step traffic in the tight quarters and get upfield. Able to slalom back and forth from lane to lane as they develop. While he runs a bit upright, his body control and balance are unaffected. Becomes a more effective back once he gets past the line of scrimmage with improved vision and a north-south demeanor with little wasted motion. Can lay a strong shoulder into rushers when chip blocking. Competent runner in zone scheme.
								Suffered an ACL tear in 2014 that appears to have slowed him from his already average play speed pre-injury. Doesn?t possess the acceleration to threaten the edge as an outside runner. More of a one-speed runner who lacks burst to and through the crease. Has the instincts to make an initial defender miss, but missing the lateral quickness to make it count afterwards. Seems to take a high percentage of squared-
up, hard tackles. Lacks consistent awareness in routes out of backfield and might not be good enough in protection or as a pass catcher to be a third down consideration.
							
2016	Shaquille Powell	2555232	RB	Duke	Most college football players spend the summer between their junior and senior years working in the classroom, weight room and on the practice field to prepare for their last campaign. Powell spent most of his, however, grieving for his younger brother, seven-year-old Malachi Briggs, who died after battling kidney cancer. He returned to campus before the 2015 season, and played well with a heavy heart. Powell  started 11 games, running for 542 yards and three touchdowns on 125 carries while having a major role in the passing game (35-212, two TD). He had started 11 games the previous season, as well, leading the team in rushing (134-618, two TD; 18-154 receiving, one TD). He also contributed as a freshman (28-93 rush, 1-4 receiving) and sophomore (62-344 rushing, 2 TD; 8-90 receiving, one TD). Powell fumbled once in his college career, versus Virginia Tech in his freshman year. 	Possesses decent initial, short<U+613C><U+3E64>-area quickness with a jumpcut to avoid early trouble. Decisive inside runner with the vision to make quality hole choices when needed. Low center of gravity. Will run through arm tackles and is rarely knocked off balance at contact. Churns legs to maximize his runs. Competitive and tough. Doesn?t give the ball away with fumbles. Solid hands out of backfield and gets upfield after catch. Willing to step up and meet the challenge in blitz pickup.
								One speed runner. Plays hard, but limited by average athleticism. Shows some hip tightness. Takes a little while to gear down on cuts and doesn?t plant and go on outside run. Will duck head into contact losing immediate vision of space ahead. Can?t get to the tough backside cutback lanes. Athletic linebackers can close him out on runs to the perimeter. Missing desired wiggle on second level. Lacking 
big back size to go with his demeanor.
							
2016	Tra Carson	2555233	RB	Texas A&M	Carson is a load with just enough speed to make linebackers regret leaving a gap for him to run through. The transfer from Oregon (after only one season) started just four games in 2014, but still led the team with 581 rushing yards. His Offensive MVP performance in the AutoZone Liberty Bowl (133 yards) portended his strong senior campaign which saw him cover 1,165 yards and score seven times on the ground as well as contribute regularly in the passing game (29-183, one TD).	Physical runner who looks to send messages. Uses his lead shoulder as a weapon to dole out punishment. Has a good feel for contact and will lean into tacklers allowing him to maintain balance and continue the run. His feet never stop churning. Has just enough wiggle to avoid an occasional tackler with slight hip turn. Tough in pass protection and is willing to stick his nose in and absorb a lick to keep his quarterback clean. Really good hands. Was outstanding high school basketball player. Has potential to be a third-down back in the pros. Possesses a great deal of value on special teams as a punt protector and cover man.
								Despite having some explosive traits, he's limited by some hip tightness. Needs several baby<U+613C><U+3E64> steps to slow down and gather himself to make a sharp cut. Will show some hesitation through the hole and doesn't appear confident in his vision. Missing the desired feel for running games. Left too many yards on the field on inside zone plays because he didn't maintain a tight track. Not enough elusiveness to make NFL tacklers miss. Power approach limits his value.
							
2016	Tyler Ervin	2555234	RB	San Jose St.	At his size, Ervin looks more like a slot receiver than a running back. Spartans coaches got him the ball in the backfield regularly the past two years, however, and it paid dividends as he led the team in rushing in 2014 (888 yards, four scores) and 2015 (1,469 yards, 13 touchdowns). Ervin's likely to play a rusher/receiver/returner role in the Dexter McCluster mold on Sundays, as he caught 73 passes for 642 yards the past two seasons in addition to his rushing work. His ability as a kick returner (2,374 career yardage, three scores) should also earn him credit among scouts. 	Short-<U+613C><U+3E64>strider in tight confines with ability to make sudden directional change. Despite lanky frame, doesn?t run with any fear between the tackles and doesn't look to bounce runs unnecessarily. Combines smoothness with quick reaction time to avoid traffic in the backfield and slalom his way through shifting, fluid creases along the line of scrimmage. Plus lateral escapability. Quality hands and can function as pass catcher with some matchup potential. Very good play speed and can punch the gas to top speed quickly. High-knee runner who can gain yardage in chunks if run fits break down. Scored three touchdowns on kickoffs over freshman and sophomore year and has returned kicks all four seasons.
								Thin, angular frame that isn't built for sustaining contact. Runs come to a screeching halt against quality, bodied-up tackle attempts. Balance through contact is poor and has trouble grinding legs through arm tackles. Hits from the side cause him to go flying. Not a one-cut runner. Will take an extra step or two to gear down and cut. Size and strength limitations hinder chances of being a true, third down option at running back. Limited in his routes and times looked like he was going through the motions if he didn?t expect to get ball. On gap plays, needs to be a little less patient and a little more urgent in approach to the line of scrimmage.
							
2016	Adolphus Washington	2555235	DT	Ohio St.	Washington showed himself ready to play for his senior season by racking up four sacks in Ohio State's spring game. Following up an honorable mention All-Big Ten junior season (10.5 tackles for loss, 4.5 sacks), played even better in 2015. He earned second-team All-Conference honors from league coaches and media, as well as first-team All-American by the Sporting News (49 tackles, seven for loss, four sacks). Unfortunately, his judgment and maturity may be questioned by scouts after he was suspended for Ohio State's bowl game for soliciting a vice squad officer in early December.	Agile and athletic. Can get off snap quickly and has length to fluster interior blockers if coached up. Active interior pass rusher who uses head fakes and foot quickness to open doors to a guard?s edge.  Able to string together pass rush moves and counters. At his best on the move. Can be tough to reach and secure for offensive linemen thanks to lateral quicks. When rush has stalled, will gather himself and look to get his hands in the passing lane. Plus change of direction talent and can hound a runner who tries to bounce it outside. Adequate power at the point of attack and has experience as both a one and two gap defender. Productive tackler with extended tackle radius to get in on the action. Will win if consistently single blocked.
								Thin from his knees down. Pad level stays high. Looks top-heavy in his play. Upright movements limit effectiveness in twists. Doesn?t own his spot in the grass consistently enough thanks to leverage issues. Needs added strength in lower half and to play with wider base to improve balance. Play was ragged and fatigued against Michigan State in the fourth quarter when his team needed him most. Not even a participation ribbon as a bull <U+613C><U+3E64>rusher. Needs to play square to the line of scrimmage and utilize his punch. Was much bigger factor in offensive backfield in 2014 than he was this year. Inconsistent motor. Arrested for solicitation in a prostitution sting in December and was suspended from the Fiesta Bowl.
							
2016	David Dean	2555236	DT	Virginia	A three-year starter for the Cavaliers, Dean provided quickness inside, as well as strength, belying his smallish frame. In his redshirt sophomore season, Dean made 49 tackles, 7.5 for loss and four sacks from the interior. The former four-star recruit from Virginia Beach earned honorable mention All-ACC honors for his play the following two years, starting all 12 games of the Cavaliers' contests in 2014 (40 tackles, eight for loss, one sack, interception) and 2015 (49 stops, nine for loss, 4.5 sacks).	Gets off to quick starts after the snap. Has experience as a shade-<U+613C><U+3E64>nose and 3-technique. Barrel-chested and broad through his waist. Has good hips for an interior lineman. Able to chase ball and occasionally capture runner from the backside. Has short arms, but makes most of his length by getting into blocker first. Plays with violent forceful hands, using them to slap and club at blocker?s hands. When pad level is right, can get a decisive, early win. Adequate play strength. Plays with coordinated feet and hands and can flash as a pass rusher from time to time.
								Pad level is inconsistent. Plays too high as a two-gapping defensive tackle and can be bounced off his spot just a bit. Lack of arm length shows up during bull-rush attempts. If he doesn?t win early in the rep, he tends to fade and give in. The playmaking flashes on tape are surrounded with periods of ineffectiveness. Can stack, but doesn?t shed quickly enough. Needs to improve conditioning and consistency of motor on every snap. Straight-legged play prevents him from reaching full potential. Might not have a natural position fit for many NFL defenses.
							
2016	Gerald Dixon, Jr.	2555237	DT	South Carolina	If you're not familiar with the Dixon brothers, they are both sons of former NFL linebacker Gerald Dixon and were born five months apart. They both play on the defensive line for the Gamecocks, but they have different mothers. "Junior" is a massive nose tackle prospect who can eat blocks and shows better foot quickness than you'd expect for a two-down player. The two-year starter should catch the eyes of scouts for 3-4 teams that are looking for depth up front. 	Lateral quickness is average to above average. Plays with adequate body control and balance thanks to his sturdy base. Able to base up and anchor against double teams and down blocks. Hand usage is OK and can get extension while peeking in as two<U+613C><U+3E64>-gap plugger. Father, Gerald, played at South Carolina and was a 10-year NFL veteran.
								Reaction is slow off the ball. Gets over-blocked and hooked by smaller centers on zone and stretch plays without fighting through it. Slow reaction time causes overcompensation in pursuit which leads to abandoning gap. Gives very little as a pass rusher. Has no go-to rush moves or counters. Motor doesn't run as hot as it should considering amount of rest he gets with defensive tackle rotation.
							
2016	Jarran Reed	2555238	DT	Alabama	The East Mississippi Community College transfer didn?t light up the stat sheet in 2014 (6.5 tackles for loss, one sack in 2014) but looked to be an ascending talent. Though his numbers weren?t much different this year (56 tackles, 4.5 for loss, one sacks), SEC media named him second-team All-SEC because of his utterly disruptive play whether playing between the guards or heads-up on a tackle in the Tide?s feared front line. Reed was arrested for DUI in the summer of 2014, but should overcome any character concerns to become a starter at the next level.	Able to pack plenty of strength into his well-<U+613C><U+3E64>built frame. Plays with bend, leverage and plus core power. Two-gap machine who can eat blocks and come back for more. Rarely beaten at point of attack by single blocks. As an edge setter, grows roots and prevents running lanes from developing in gaps. Has catcher?s mitts for hands. Arms are a little short for the position but his hand quickness into blocker?s frame and instant arm extension make his arm length irrelevant. Engages, controls and slides down the line looking to finish the run before it gets started. Great vision and instincts to find ball quickly. Reads running back?s lane choice and discards blocker with excellent timing. Run down specialist posting tremendous two-year production with 108 tackles despite playing in only 55 percent of the total snaps. Charted with no broken tackles or missed tackles for the entire season. Overcome adversity along road to success at Alabama.
								Ineffective pass rusher. Was subbed out for on obvious passing downs. Straight-line pass rusher unable to turn a corner and generate heat inside the pocket. Had just two sacks and sixteen quarterback pressures during his two years with Alabama. Bullrush is missing. Average foot quickness and lacking upfield explosion out of stance to play in a one-gap scheme. His hand work is very average as a pass rusher.
							
2016	Javon Hargrave	2555239	DT	South Carolina St.	Typically, 300-pound defensive tackles are not among the nation's leaders in sacks -- even at the FCS level. But the 2014 and 2015 Associated Press All-American and MEAC Defensive Player of the Year in 2014 ranked third in the FCS with 16 as a junior -- a whopping six against Bethune-Cookman, a figure that tied the FCS single-game record -- and 13.5 more this fall. He also had 45.5 tackles for loss over those two seasons. His size and brute strength overwhelmed his competition throughout his career, even racking up good numbers in his FCS Freshman All-American (45 tackles, 4.5 for loss) and sophomore (12.5 tackles for loss, 5.5 sacks).	Thick bubble and burly thighs. Compact frame allows him to play low and dip around the corner when playing in gaps. Dominated his level of competition. Surprising foot quickness with an adequate spin move. Plays with quick burst upfield and into blockers. Plus motor and effort and willing to pursue around the field. Better upper body power than in his trunk. Inconsistent with his hands, but when he uses them, they are effective. Raw, but has potential and flashes playmaking ability.
								Squatty with short arms and tiny hands. Very raw as a pass rusher relying on athleticism over moves and counters. Lacks instincts and feel for the position. Doesn?t anticipate down blocks and can be knocked around because of it. Doesn?t play with enough anchor. Lack of length could become a non<U+613C><U+3E64>starter if he doesn?t play with great quickness. Feel for the game and technique could take extended time to learn.
							
2016	Matthew Ioannidis	2555240	DT	Temple	Ioannidis (eye-an-NYE-dis) has been a valuable performer from the Owls since halfway through his freshman year, when the team took off his redshirt. Whether lined up outside or inside, his power and hustle impact nearly every play. The 2014 second-team All-American Athletic Conference pick (11 tackles for loss, 3.5 sacks) and 2015 first-team All-Conference pick in 2015 (11.5 tackles for loss, 3.5 sacks, five pass break-ups) has added bulk to his frame every season. 	Can match pure power with just about anyone on the field and carries almost no bad weight on his frame. Grows roots and refuses to budge against many double teams he faced. Hard to run at his gap. Can push and pull blockers and unhinge from point of attack when it?s time to tackle. Plays with quick reaction time off the snap and gets hands into blockers quickly. Generally good knee bend when battling the man in front of him. Can get to shoulder of blocker and get him leaning and then uses club/hump move to knock him off balance and attack the vacated position. Powerful base and very rarely off his feet. Can power through redirect blocks and maintain a path for the ball. Has good feel for screen plays and chases them down down with great intensity. Will occasionally show a spin move that is reasonably effective to the left more than to the right. Uses violent powerful clubbing movement to prevent blockers from staying locked in on their block. One of the unquestioned leaders of the team.
								Muscle-<U+613C><U+3E64>bound slow-twitch player. Success may be limited to ability to win with power. Is a little stiff in his lateral movement and possesses an average burst upfield as a pass rusher. Labored effort in twist game and won?t surprise offensive linemen when he comes rumbling around the corner. Can push the pocket, but is not a finisher as a pass rusher and his role in pass rushing situations as a pro is unclear. Slow lateral movement off snap limits his effectiveness playing in the gap and may limit him in terms of scheme.
							
2016	Sheldon Day	2555241	DT	Notre Dame	Day plays stronger than his measurements might indicate. Heady and hustling, he also holds his ground against double teams and may have the best hands of any lineman in the draft. Day played inside and outside for the Irish, regularly making plays in the backfield in 2015 (15.5 tackles for loss, four sacks, 13 quarterback hurries) on his way to USA Today first-team All-American honors. The three-year starter nearly matched his career tackle for loss total (16.5) and exceeded his sack total (3.5) despite being the focus of opposing offenses. 	Has experience at defensive end and tackle. Outstanding quickness off snap and is into gaps before you know it. Noticeably quicker than guards attempting to block him when rushing from inside. Rusher with a pre-<U+613C><U+3E64>snap plan and a quality counter moves if initial rush is thwarted. Uncommon athleticism for a squatty body type. Fluid drops into space on zone blitzes with unheard of ability to mirror and match receivers in zone. Quick hands and wastes no time shedding single blocks. Has arm-over pet move. Feels down-blocks and fights against them. Works for arm extension and looks to squeeze his gap vs. run. Motor never stops. Lateral quickness could make him a terror in twisting pass rush.
								Frame is lacking the pure bulk to make a living inside and the length to become a consistent pass rusher off the edge. Might be caught between positions. A good double team will overwhelm him at point of attack. Doesn?t have power to be consistent bull-rush threat. Attacks in gaps and on the edges and if he doesn?t win there, rush effectiveness drops significantly. Pass rush production was just OK.
							
2016	Sheldon Rankins	2555242	DT	Louisville	In the Cardinals' three-man front, Rankins presents issues for both interior and outside blockers. His only start as a sophomore was in the team's bowl game, but he came on strong as a junior in the team's first year in the ACC (13.5 tackles for loss, eight sacks, two interceptions). ACC coaches elevated him from a third-team all-conference pick to second team this year (13 tackles for loss, six sacks) as he continued to terrorize ballcarriers. Rankins' versatility as a potential starting five-technique or three-technique makes him a fit in any system.	Powerfully built lower half with very good strength. Is extremely compact, but still flexible and very athletic. Everything he does is explosive. Fires into blockers and can jolt and displace them with a combination of leverage and power. Strong base provides excellent balance to battle against double teams or down blocks. At times, will absolutely own finesse blockers. Elite foot quickness for interior defender. Will be difficult to hook or cross<U+613C><U+3E64>face for NFL offensive linemen because of his lateral quickness. Plays with powerful, violent hands. Can play in 2-gap or 1-gap scheme and did just that at Louisville. Plays through the blocker reading and shedding on time to make tackles against the run. Loose, explosive hips that allow him to win edge battles and turn the corner as pass rusher and potentially excel in twist game. Highly productive pass rusher in each of the last two season. Bloodhound with great instincts to diagnose and shutdown screens.
								Undersized for full-time interior position by NFL standards. Flashes quite a bit on tape, but many of his victims lacked the strength that he?ll see from NFL guards. Despite having decent arm length, is hardly 
long-levered and could struggle to turn the corner against an NFL redirect block once he gets on a guard?s edge. Average secondary rush when his initial charge is stymied. Scouts believe he could lose some quickness if he tries to bulk up to prepare for rigors of NFL interior play. Some teams are concerned about his lack of overall size which could hurt his stock.
							
2016	Vernon Butler	2555243	DT	Louisiana Tech	A big body in the middle of the Bulldogs' defense, Butler proved in his two years as a starter that he has the girth and nimble feet to clog up running lanes. Conference USA coaches rectified their error in not giving Butler all-conference recognition in 2014 (56 tackles, 13.5 tackles for loss) by voting him first-team All-C-USA after his senior year (50 tackles, 10 TFL, three sacks, eight quarterback hurries). NFL teams will not miss the opportunity to add Butler to their interior.	Long-<U+613C><U+3E64>armed knee-bender who can play the role of low man at the point of attack. Plays with strong hands and good arm extension and can ?peekaboo? both gaps as he reads which hole the running back heads for. Impressive stack and shed timing and power. Able to eat up double teams and keep his linebackers clean when asked to. Excellent athleticism. Can make plays all along the line of scrimmage. If blocker doesn?t finish, Butler will work himself back into the play. Able to coordinate hands and feet smoothly and has change of direction and closing burst to become a dominant pass rusher from inside. Can slide from gap to gap as a pass rusher and is a perfect fit for twist-based defense. Generally attacks gaps with forward lean and ability to corner the edge when he has his man beat. Can stutter-step into pass rush to disrupt offensive lineman?s timing or generate a speed-to-power bull rush that can severely dent a pocket. Gives consistent effort and plays like a lead dog looking to eat.
								Build is athletic, but a little bit top heavy. Will play with inconsistent base when his pad level gets too high trying to win through the gaps. Will try to outmuscle his opponent when his initial pass rush gets stuck in neutral, rather than use counter moves. For all of his potential and talent, wasn?t as productive as NFL scouts are used to. Plays with some wasted energy and motion and needs to work more efficiently.
							
2016	Bronson Kaufusi	2555244	DE	BYU	This two-sport athlete experimented on the hardwood in 2012-13 before turning his full attention to the gridiron. The two-time first-team All-Independent pick had 15.5 career sacks entering the 2015 season, and added 11 more in an outstanding senior campaign while making 20 tackles for loss. Kaufusi?s size and athleticism have allowed Cougars coaches (of whom his father, Steve, is one) to play him standing up or hand-down during his career. NFL teams will have to decide where he fits best in their system.	Has an honest father as a coach who has been up front about Bronson?s weaknesses and what he needed to work on. Plays with the motor expected from a coach?s son. Quality hand work and is able to redirect with them. Good back<U+613C><U+3E64>side presence in running game and charges hard down the line of scrimmage. Comes out of his stance and into his pass rush with good pad level and forward lean. Never quits on plays and will pursue way down the field. Has a long frame that may be able to carry more muscle. Posted productive totals in most categories. Blocked a field goal and punt in 2015.
								Too easily caved in and washed down when blocked on angles. Tries to bend but pad level still ends up higher than he would like thanks to his height. Play strength is an area of concern. Thin legs lose their base when he is redirected with power. Tight-hipped pass rusher that has a prolonged corner turn to the quarterback -- even on wins. Much of sack production came on extended plays or with effort over skill. Unable to generate consistent penetration when slanting into gaps. In 2014, lost weight and attempted to 
play outside linebacker but experiment was a failure.
							
2016	Charles Tapper	2555245	DE	Oklahoma	Tapper was named first-team All-Big 12 as a sophomore in 2013, but only managed honorable mention accolades last season due to a drop in productivity (nine tackles for loss, 5.5 sacks in 2013; 7.5 and three in 2014.) He bounced back in his last tour of Norman, helping the Sooners compete for a national title with another first-team all-conference effort (50 tackles, 10 for loss, seven sacks). The Sports Illustrated honorable mention All-American has a strong all-around game that the NFL will appreciate.	Good size and build. Has natural power at the point of attack. Shows some ability to battle and fight for his area of grass. Technique is flawed in many areas, but has some traits. If he ever learns to drop pad level, has effective bull-<U+613C><U+3E64>rush potential. May have the body type to play 3-4 defensive end or 4-3 base end. Has some straight-line speed to close out the quarterback in space. Heavy tackler who can thump runners. Showed some positive flashes late in the season of what he might become. Raw with room to develop.
								Offsets natural power and strength with terrible pad level too often. Offers minimal value as third down player. Plays with very little dynamic movement as a pass rusher and usually just crashes straight ahead with no real plan. Hand usage needs major work. Doesn?t use hands effectively to control the point of attack or to improve his position as a pass rusher. Needs to play square and control gaps when engaged laterally against the run. Instincts and awareness are way off from where they need to be. Slow to see plays developing and can be even slower to disengage from blocks to make tackles near the line of scrimmage.
							
2016	Delvon Simmons	2555246	DE	USC	Simmons covered a lot of his country during the recruiting process and his collegiate career. The high school All-American from Pennsylvania signed a letter of intent with North Carolina, but received permission to leave behind Chapel Hill before he played down in order to suit up for Tommy Tuberville at Texas Tech. In Lubbock, he played 10 games as a freshman reserve (13 tackles, 1.5 for loss) and started 13 games as a sophomore (27 tackles, six for loss, two sacks). When Tuberville resigned after the 2012 season, Simmons decided it was time for a change, as well, and signed with USC. He was required to sit out in 2013 as a transfer, and then became a starter for the Trojans as a junior (44 tackles, 2.5 for loss, sack, blocked field goal). His senior year was his best, starting all 14 games and earning second team All-Pac-12 honors with 57 tackles, 10.5 for loss, four sacks, two forced fumbles and another blocked kick.	Gives consistent effort with an above average motor. Willing to pursue the play with hustle as it moves down the field. Active with his hands looking to slap initial punch away from his frame. Loves to use arm chop pass to kick off his pass rush rep. Can play through his blocker and locate ball quickly. Shows some stack and shed edge potential along with desired shed timing. Can close down rushing creases with necessary lateral movement down the line.
								High<U+613C><U+3E64>-cut with thick upper body but thin calves. Plays too high and can be knocked off balance by redirect blocks. Needs to play with better knee bend to improve his leverage. Base is much too narrow and frequently finds himself on the ground after getting feet tangled in the trash. Dynamic movement is not his thing. Straight-ahead pass rusher missing twitch to explode upfield off the snap. Raw pass rusher lacking speed-to-power talent and an effective counter move.
							
2016	Jason Fanaika	2555247	DE	Utah	This strong-side defensive end has played for both Utah State and Utah during his career, playing two seasons with the Aggies and then going on a church mission in Indianapolis before moving on to Salt Lake City. Fanaika (fan-NA-ee-ka) has been a high-motor producer for the Utes the past two years, starting eight games (9.5 tackles for loss, five sacks) in 2014 and then honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors as a senior (10.5 tackles for loss, four sacks).	Comes off the snap as low man and is able to work under opponents pads and gain leverage at the point of attack. Has adequate strength in hands and upper body. Better speed in open space than expected. Asked to play with hand up and down on the edge. Has had success rushing passer when bumped inside. Uses arm<U+613C><U+3E64>-over as pet move as pass rusher from interior spot and can gain quick advantage with it. Holds his own at point of attack. Able to unlock from block and transition into tackle readiness. Tackles with a heavy thud. Finds ways to finish once he gets pass protector on the ropes. Has long arms and is able to press them into extension.
								Out of shape and way too heavy in 2015. Play looked fatigued at times and extra weight hurt his quickness as a pass rusher. Slow twitch player with below average change of direction in space. Slow get off and is unable to cause stress around the edge as a rusher. Square-shouldered pass rusher with limited upper body and hip flexion to turn the corner on offensive tackles. Average foot quickness forces him to make lunging tackle attempts in space. Had nine missed and two broken tackle attempts in 2015.
							
2016	Jihad Ward	2555248	DE	Illinois	Considering that Jihad (pronounced juh-HODD) Ward went from receiver/safety to the defensive line during his time in junior college, the sky's the limit once he really knows what to do with his size and strength. He was an honorable mention All-Big Ten selection by league coaches (51 tackles, 8.5 tackles for loss, three sacks, four fumble recoveries) in his first season with the Illini, playing inside and outside and using his huge wingspan to swallow ball carriers. Ward, who wears jersey number 17 because that was his mother?s age when he was born, didn?t have the same production as a senior (3.5 tackles for loss, 1.5 sacks) but still earned honorable mention notice due to his strong play.	Can play both end spots and has bumped down inside to tackle as well. Has room for even more muscle on his frame. Great effort throughout the play and will continue his chase until whistle blows. Length and down<U+613C><U+3E64>-the-line quickness give him expanded playmaking range. Urgent closing burst to the ball. Full force tackler with thump behind his pads. Keeps feet moving and active throughout his pass rush. Can become a quality edge-setter with a little lower pad level. Has some pass rush reps showing ankle flexion to turn corner at 45-degree angle. Won?t let tight ends punk him. Better pick man than twister in tackle/end and end/tackle twists. Traits are there and teams likely to be patient with his development.
								Has tools to set a harder edge but isn't there yet. Inconsistent contact balance. Lays on blocks longer than he should. Needs to keep working on controlling the rep with better hand work. Long legs get caught up in trash around the line of scrimmage. Below average at protecting against cut blocks. Instincts very much a work in progress. Could use nasty glass-eater mentality at point of attack. Doesn?t flash the mean to impose his will. Not a natural counter puncher as pass rusher once initial try is stuffed. Won't always accelerate into contact as pass rusher limiting his power potential.
							
2016	Joey Bosa	2555249	DE	Ohio St.	Bosa plans to follow in the footsteps of his father and uncle as NFL first-round picks; John Bosa was picked 16th overall by Miami in 1987 coming out of Boston College, while Eric Kumerow was picked in the same spot, again by the Dolphins, the following year. Joey Bosa's own potential as an elite prospect has been clear since arriving in Columbus, as he made his way into the starting lineup 10 times as a true freshman (13.5 tackles for loss, 7.5 sacks) to earn honorable mention All-Big Ten honors. As a sophomore, he captured unanimous All-American honors, the Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year award (led the conference with 21 tackles for loss, 13.5 sacks) and was named a finalist for three national awards as the nation?s top defender: the Lombardi Award, Outland Trophy, and Ted Hendricks Award. His junior year got off to a slow start, however, as he was suspended for the opener for violating team rules. Statistically, his 2015 season was not as impressive as the year before (16 tackles for loss, five sacks) but Big Ten coaches still named him the conference?s Defensive Lineman of the Year because of his rare combination of strength against the run and consistent presence in the backfield.  	Has an NFL-<U+613C><U+3E64>ready frame. Good muscular definition and flexibility to go along with a confident, competitive attitude. Solid upfield burst off the snap. Has booming power in his hands. Uses arm extension and forward lean as his primary weapon. Generates speed-to-power bullrush and plays off of that with a punch and pull technique that pulls tackles off-balance. Focuses pass rush attack on outside shoulder of tackle using forward lean and aggressive hand play. Active hands can completely wipe out a tackle?s weak outside hand allowing him to cave-in the edge. Usually gets hands on defender first. Able to stack and slide along line of scrimmage in pursuit of ball-carrier. Strong core and able to rag doll tight ends who aren?t committed to the fight. Adequate closing burst to the ball. Looks fluid and nimble when dropping into space. Has the talent and traits to be used more aggressively than he was at Ohio State. Grew as a run defender this season. Has forced five fumbles over the last two years. Football is in his blood with a father who was drafted by Dolphins in first round of 1987 draft and an uncle who played at Ohio State in the mid-80s. Motor will never be a problem.
								Too contact-oriented in his rush and needs to learn to leverage himself around the edge. Forward lean can cause him to go flying when defenders give him a shove. Tape shows surprising lack of play strength when he?s attacked on his edge. Struggles to fight back when being washed down by down blocks. Will end up on the ground more times than expected during game. Instincts a work in progress. Can be slow to process what he sees and can be frozen by zone-read looks. Not much bang behind his pads as a 
tackler. Big runners squeeze out additional yards after contact against him. Will vacate his run fit with constant attempts to get over the top of block rather than reading and reacting to both gaps. Not as 
twitchy and sudden as expected. Feet are a little heavy and it takes just a second to accelerate up to speed after quick direction changes. More attention by offenses brought much fewer sacks. Flagged for offsides 10 times over last two years and 14 penalties total.
							
2016	Josh Dawson	2555250	DE	Georgia	This high school All-American and Georgia Class AAA All-State pick only cracked the Bulldogs' starting lineup five times in his four years on campus. Dawson played in 51 games in his career, giving effort when given the opportunity to get on the field. His most productive season was 2014, when he started four games, making 17 tackles, four for losses, and a sack in addition to running a fumble back for what proved to be the game-winning touchdown against Tennessee.  The previous two years, Dawson totaled 13 tackles, 2.5 for loss in 25 games (one start). And in his final season in Athens, Dawson was again reserve, being credited with eight tackles in 13 games. 	When playing on the edge, will find ball<U+613C><U+3E64> carrier quickly and rush down the line to close out the running lane. Keeps his hands moving and is active throughout the rep. Wrap-up tackler.
								Lacks any bankable, explosive traits or play qualities. Gets no pressure upfield against the pass and seems to have no real plan. Production level when he's on the field is below average. Undersized for the interior. Doesn't play with necessary arm extension at point of attack and doesn't own his space with authority very often. Never effective enough to play more than 20 percent of the defensive snaps in any of his four seasons.
							
2016	Ronald Blair	2555251	DE	Appalachian St.	Blair was a second-team all-state pick in Georgia, but ended up at App. State instead of the SEC -? to the chagrin of the Mountaineers? opponents. In his first three full years on the field (he missed most of 2013 with a thumb injury), he?s been an all-conference pick (two years in the FCS-level Southern Conference, 2014 in the Sun Belt) racking up 33 tackles for loss and 12.5 sacks. Blair finished his career by winning the Sun Belt Conference?s Defensive Player of the Year (70 tackles, 19 tackles for loss, 7.5 sacks), lining up outside and inside to take advantage of presented mismatches. 	Flashes some polish in his game. Comes out of track stance and fires into blockers with knee bend and good pad level. Uses leverage and tremendous power at the point of attack to rock offensive linemen who let their pads get too high. Able to set a strong edge. Attacks and stresses the seam of double team blocks with power in his legs. His coaches rave about his leadership and work in the film room. Good lateral quickness with his feet and is very effective as a pass rusher in twists up front. Accelerates down the line to squeeze cutback lanes against the run. Bodies up and drives his legs through his tackles making sure running backs feel it. Has effective arm-<U+613C><U+3E64>over as his go-to move. Good length with big hands for his size. Can generate a quality bull rush.
								Shorter than teams would like at the defensive end spot. Lacks the overall agility and athleticism to play standing up. Carries some bad weight around the midsection. Could improve his overall conditioning. Very little edge presence as a pass rusher. Unlikely to become a one-on-one winner as a pass rusher on the next level. Despite playing with knee bend out of snap, allows his pads level to get too high at times and can be knocked off balance as pass rusher.
							
2016	Shaq Lawson	2555252	DE	Clemson	Great things were expected from Lawson, who was the top-rated prep school player in the country out of Hargrave Military Academy after a successful high school career in South Carolina. He played well as a reserve for two seasons behind the ever-stacked Tiger defensive line, racking up double-digit tackles for loss each year (10 in 2013, 11 in 2014). With the departure of the likes of Vic Beasley and Malliciah Goodman, Lawson finally got a chance to start in 2015 and made the most of it, constantly exploding into the backfield to finish among the nation's leaders in tackles for loss (25.5) and sacks (12.5). Lawson's personal accomplishments (consensus All-American, first-team All-ACC) led to great team success, as he and fellow junior Kevin Dodd and sophomore Heisman Trophy candidate Deshaun Watson helped the Tigers to an undefeated regular season, ACC title, and national championship game appearance.	Built like a tank with thickly muscled legs and a broad chest. Clemson played him at 5-<U+613C><U+3E64>technique and standing up on the outside. Scheme versatile and will likely appeal to be 3-4 and 4-3 teams. Very powerful at the point of attack. Able to punch, extend arms and control the line of scrimmage or set a hard edge. Able to shock and shed blockers and has the hand quickness to staggered block attempts. Power allows him to play on other side of the line. Finished second in the nation in "stuffs" for defensive linemen with 17. Comes off ball low and with forward lean into his rush. Has frame to handle a double team. Has plus instincts and feel for the game. Toughness in full display.
								Thickly bound with very average flexibility. Average athlete for an end position. Not a natural hip bender and will have to focus on keeping pad level lower to unlock his leverage potential. Shows obvious signs of fatigue as game wears on. At times, is too content to lean on blocks when play isn?t run to his side rather than working to discard. Will have snaps where he seems more concerned with imposing  his will on blocking rather than diagnosing the play. Doesn?t have the bend or upper body flexion to be edge turner as pass rusher. Effort sacks will diminish in pros and will need to become more nuanced pass rusher.
							
2016	Ugonna Awuruonye	2555253	DE	Campbell	Was a redshirt at Towson State in 2011-<U+00AD>2012 and transferred to Campbell the following season. In 2013, named honorable mention All-PFL totaling seven sacks and 14 tackles for loss. Finished 2014 with 7.5 sacks and 14.5 tackles for loss on the way to becoming a first-team All-Conference selection. Played under head coach Mike Minter, who was a 10-year NFL safety.	Features superior length and upper body strength to dispatch inferior competition at the tackle position. Good muscle thickness in his lower half. Able to stack and shed without overexerting himself and can close out running backs darting through his neighborhood with a heavy thud as a tackler. Once he?s on a blocker?s edge, he sees through the challenger to the quarterback and is usually able to win the edge with play strength.
								Doesn?t have quick-twitch explosiveness to maximize his length and strength. Slow upfield burst as a pass rusher with hip tightness. First three steps upfield are not threatening to tackles with average foot quickness. Plays with high pads and heavy feet creating issues with ability to change direction. Not the most urgent backside chaser out there. Playmaking radius limited by his straight line play traits. Bull rusher in need of more skilled hand usage.
							
2016	Dadi Nicolas	2555254	DE	Virginia Tech	In a world where pass rushers are coveted more than umbrellas in New York during a rainstorm, Nicolas has the smooth acceleration off the line to make it in the NFL. The Haitian-born, 2014 second-team All-ACC pick (18.5 tackles for loss, nine sacks) is misused as a base end in the Hokies' defense, which resulted in a drop in production in 2015 (seven tackles for loss, 2.5 sacks, honorable mention honors), though he's likely to transition to linebacker at the next level for one of the many teams relying on 3-4 alignments as their base defense. Nicolas only started playing football his senior year of high school, so NFL coaches can still help him hone his skills.	Has lightning quick inside moves,<U+613C><U+3E64> including spin, that can catch slow-footed tackles sleeping. Long-strider with the acceleration and lateral quickness to create problems when twisting inside. Plays with desired upfield burst. As pass rusher, can brush aside lazy outside hand placement to open door around the edge. Forced two fumbles and recovered two more in 2015. Miscast with hand in the ground and over-matched physically, but was always willing to compete and battle the man across from him. Has experience as outside linebacker. Bouncy athleticism in space and looks natural dropping into space. Good burst to make up ground quickly while chasing the ball. Runs through tackles with as much force as he can muster with his size.
								Looks more like a safety than an edge player. Two years of tape show alarming lack of functional strength. Easily redirected as pass rusher and washed down against the run. Not a physical player by nature. Labors to disengage. Can be controlled by by quality tight ends at the point of attack. Avoids contact at times to stay clean rather than stacking and shedding. Edge-setting always an issue as an end or outside linebacker. Below average instincts against the run. Thin lower body foreshadows inability to generate speed to power. Needs to eliminate false step from his get off. Below average body control in space overrunning plays that are there to be made.
							
2016	De'Vondre Campbell	2555255	OLB	Minnesota	Wiry and strong, Campbell is just scratching the surface of his potential. Though you'd expect a linebacker of that size to be purely a pass rusher, the Hutchinson Community College transfer moves better than expected in the open field. After a solid sophomore (three starts in 13 games played, 41 tackles, three for loss) season for the Gophers, he earned a starting role as a junior (75 tackles, 6.5 for loss, 2.5 sacks). Campbell lived up to his billing in 2015, named by Big Ten coaches and media honorable mention all-conference as he made 92 tackles, 6.5 for loss, and a team-high four sacks. 	NFL<U+613C><U+3E64>-caliber athleticism. Looks the part on the hoof with thickness through bubble and thighs with tapered calves. Has the quick-twitch to respond suddenly and explode towards the ball. Possesses quality chase speed to close down running backs looking to turn the corner, but runs under control. Uses length for expanded tackle radius. Plays with ready hands and often strikes first blow against blockers while looking to shed. Has played in the middle and outside. Looks like he has some edge-setting qualities. Uses arm over move effectively as blitzer. Flashes some pop behind his pads and has the combination of speed and length to restrict backside cutback lanes.
								Linebacker instincts missing badly. Too many snaps where he does the offensive lineman?s job for him by running himself out of position and becoming an easily blockable target. Is slow to diagnose what is happening and is consistently behind on the play relying on athleticism too often. Needs technique work and additional coaching. Doesn?t keep pads square consistently when scraping down the line. Sits and waits on the second level rather than using natural burst to play downhill. Below average at leveraging his run fits. When dropping into coverage, looks like he?s occupying space rather than looking to squeeze top or routes. Needs to read quarterback?s eyes more and drift into passing windows.
							
2016	Jordan Jenkins	2555256	OLB	Georgia	Jenkins, Georgia's Most Improved Player for the 2014 season (9.5 tackles for loss, five sacks), came out in a flash as a senior, racking up 11 tackles, 5.5 for loss and two sacks against Vanderbilt. Groin and hip injuries limited him throughout the year, however (59 tackles, 10.5 for loss, four sacks), keeping him off all-conference teams. Jenkins started six games as a true freshman(eight tackles for loss, five sacks) and earned second-team All-SEC honors as a sophomore (12 tackles for loss, five sacks) before truly coming into his own as a junior.  	Very aware of what is happening around him. Has a high football IQ and has understanding of down, distance and tendencies. Physical at the point of attack and sets a strong edge. Has desired thickness and play strength to hold up against NFL edge blockers and freakishly long arms and big hands for his size. Won?t sit on blocks and uses powerful hands to shed and get into the action. Has played standing and with a hand in the dirt and can handle himself in zone coverage. Team captain. Brings a pro-<U+613C><U+3E64>ready play demeanor to the field each Saturday.
								Not a dynamic pass rusher. Has some knee stiffness in his rush and won?t ?out-athlete? many NFL tackles. Upright play limits his speed-to-power effectiveness as a bull-rusher. Average upfield explosion off the snap. Did not impress against Alabama. Dealt with a nagging groin injury this season.
							
2016	Romeo Okwara	2555257	DE	Notre Dame	Even though Okwara received his degree in accountancy in December, he's still only 20 years old. The native of Nigeria started school earlier than most, moving to Charlotte, North Carolina as a 10-year-old sixth grader -- and he just kept growing, mentally and physically.  Despite turned 17 just before his freshman year, he played all 13 games as a reserve linebacker (seven tackles). Okwara started one game as a sophomore, playing in all 13 contests at linebacker and making 19 tackles, 1.5 for loss. After moving to defensive end (though he stood up at times) for the last two seasons, Romeo failed to show love to opposing quarterbacks as a 25-game starter, leading the Irish in sacks in 2014 (four, 39 tackles) and 2015 (right, 48 tackles, 12.5 for loss).  	Mindful of contain responsibilities and fights against being hooked on run plays to perimeter. Good arm length with big hands. Has natural upper body strength with decent power in his hands.
								Pad level is sky high and loses leverage almost immediately. Extremely raw. Slow reaction time off the snap and doesn?t have the twitch to burst upfield and threaten an edge as a rusher. Stiff and struggles with direction change. Lacks instincts and pass rush talent.
							
2016	Theiren Cockran	2555258	DE	Minnesota	This tall, lean defensive end split his time between football and basketball until late in his high school career. His coach, Bobby McCray, recognized his potential since Cockran had the same build as his son, Bobby, who played defensive end at Florida and in the NFL. Since Cockran's focused primarily on football, he has been a thorn in the side of offensive lines both in high school and the Big Ten. The Gophers? reach into Florida (Miami Homestead) well worth the effort, as Cockran was an honorable mention All-Big Ten pick after a senior season where he made 28 tackles, seven for loss, and three sacks. He had similar statistics as a starter in 2013 (30 tackles, 10 TFL, team-leading seven sacks)and  2014 (23 tackles, seven TFL, four sacks).	Has rushed the passer with a hand in the ground and standing up. Has relatively long arms for his size. Shows more upfield burst as a pass rusher standing than with a hand in the ground. Uses a chop combined with inside spin move as his most effective rush move.
								Lacking in body control and necessary quickness. Gets knocked off course too easily -- even by tight ends at times -- during his pass rush. Hip tightness for days. Needs to play with better bend for leverage setting the edge. Below average change of direction quickness and is slow to accelerate down the line and close down running lanes. Below average upfield burst as pass rusher.
							
2016	Carson Wentz	2555259	QB	North Dakota St.	In his first year as a starter for the Bison in 2014, all Wentz did was throw for 3,111 yards and 25 touchdowns, leading the team to its fourth consecutive FCS Championship. What did the Bismarck, N.D. native do for an encore? Just come back from a broken right wrist that sidelined him for two months to lead NDSU in a fifth-straight title game victory. He started seven games in his senior year, completing 62.5 percent of his passes for 1,651 yards and 17 touchdowns (and four interceptions) while also running for six scores. Intelligence and work ethic are no issues for Wentz, who was named to the College Sports Information Directors Association All-American squad for the second-straight year.  	Tall with an athletic, proportional build that is made for the NFL position. Played in a pro-<U+613C><U+3E64>style attack with plenty of snaps under center. Asked to make NFL throws and showed he could do it. Stands tall in the pocket and delivers with a relatively high release point. Keeps ball high and tight in the pocket and can uncork it quickly with tight, sharp release and little wasted motion. Throws catchable ball with tight spiral. Naturally accurate passer. Sees lurking linebackers underneath and throws receivers open to safest spot in the passing window. Able to change arm slots and still throw a strike. Has plus deep ball accuracy and touch. Calm in pocket and has no problems sitting in and taking a hit to complete a pass. Excelled in structured passing attack that required him to read the entire field. Has athleticism to escape pressure and hurt defenses with his legs. Already able to feel pressure on the edges and slide around in pocket without dropping his eyes. Adept in play-action game at selling fakes and quickly finding safeties to help determine where to go with the ball. Intelligent with long list of academic achievements. Should be able to process and handle an NFL playbook quickly. Can play pitch and catch all day long against zone coverage.
								When rolling out, will float it a little too much when taking shots down the field. Allows passing windows to close quickly when he short arms his release. Needs a little more consistency on anticipatory throws outside the hash. Will get caught locking in on target bringing secondary charging in to make a play on the ball. Inconsistent footwork from the pocket. Arm gets ahead of his feet even with time to come to balance. Needs to pick up pace of his post-snap setup. Has to put a little extra air on his field-side throws. Can be a little flat with his downfield, touch throws. Has to eliminate the occasional nonchalant throw into tight quarters. Doesn't look comfortable yet with bootleg rollouts to the left. Broke a bone in his throwing wrist in October sidelining him for eight weeks. Dealt with arm and shoulder injuries as a baseball player in high school. Lower level of competition could cause issues for him adapting to NFL speed.
							
2016	Dak Prescott	2555260	QB	Mississippi St.	Rayne Dakota "Dak" Prescott proved himself to be an excellent college quarterback in 2014, breaking all sorts of school records (4,435 yards of total offense, 27 touchdown passes, 61.6 completion percentage), named a finalist for the Maxwell, Davey O'Brien, Manning, and Unitas Golden Arm awards and helping his team to a 10-3 record. The two-time first team All-SEC pick ended up with 38 MSU records after a senior year where he won the Senior CLASS Award as the top scholar-athlete on and off the field. Prescott led the team in passing (3,793 yards, 66.2 completion percentage, 29 TD, five INT) and rushing (588 yards, 10 scores) for the second straight year in 2015, joining Tim Tebow as the only two players in SEC history to accomplish that feat. Prescott got on the radar as a redshirt freshman in 2012, playing as a red-zone quarterback, scoring four times as a passer and four as a runner. The next year, he started seven games in two-quarterback system (Tyler Russell), throwing with 1,940 yards, and 10 touchdowns (seven INT), missing two games with an elbow injury.	Thick, muscular frame. Has proven over last three seasons that he can withstand a pounding. Has enough natural arm strength and hip snap to fit throws into an NFL window. Stands tall and delivers a tight spiral with over-<U+613C><U+3E64>the-top delivery. Very little windup and gets ball out with the flick of a wrist. When pocket is clean, can deliver accurate strikes around the field. Played with improved vision and care for football this season and eliminated many of the ill-fated throws that turned into interceptions in 2014. Still a work in progress, but continues to show a level of growth as a passer. Threat with his legs, scoring 37 rushing touchdowns over last three seasons and had 94 rushes of ten yards or more during that time. Can be used as goal-line rushing option. Willing to extend plays outside of pocket with legs but look to finish the play with his arm. Mentally tough enough to carry a heavy offensive burden for the Bulldogs over last three years. When protected better in 2014, showed an ability to challenge deep and strike with accuracy and touch.
								Beat up this year thanks to poor protection. When he wasn't being sacked, he was being hit hard. Not as competitive a rusher in 2015. Sacks and usage in run game might be taking a toll. Increase in short pass attempts from 86 to 208 this year reason for higher completion numbers. Accuracy on intermediate and deep throws dropped sharply. Pocket poise has been compromised. Hyper aware of pressure around him and lacks awareness to slide and find temporary shelter to make throw. Concern over pressure too often trumps ability to get through progressions. Must speed up the pace of his reads. Footwork is a mess. Slight stride onto stiff upper leg with little weight shift. Restricted follow through and too often tries to muscle throws with upper body. Throws to target rather than leading or throwing them open on short/intermediate throws. Too respectful of underneath coverage and must be more willing to challenge the defense. Needs to improve anticipation.
							
2016	Jacoby Brissett	2555261	QB	N.C. State	Brissett's build (6-foot-4, 235), strong arm, and ability to pick up first downs with his feet will intrigue teams looking for a potential starter in a draft lacking great talent at the position. Brissett started his career at Florida, but transferred to N.C. State due to a recruiting relationship with head coach Dave Doeren. He?s started every game the past two years, shining against Florida State (32-for-48, 359 yards, three touchdowns) in 2014, which portended a nice senior year that saw him earn honorable mention All-ACC honors (2,662 passing yards, 20 touchdowns, six interceptions). 	Big quarterback with an NFL arm. Has the frame and lower body strength to shake off a would<U+613C><U+3E64>-be sack and extend the play. Possesses competitive spirit and football character needed to be an NFL quarterback. Has a fastball and changeup. Able to step and drive ball into tight windows with plus accuracy or put feathery soft touch on throws when needed. Plays in pro-style scheme. Has experience under center and is comfortable in boot-action pass attack. Makes good decisions reading combination routes. Generally accurate passer who excels in intermediate throws. Wolfpack offense features a menu full of challenging deep outs and field side throws, but he has the arm, timing and confidence to handle it. Makes anticipatory throws into developing windows without flinching. Able to bolt pocket and challenge defenses with his feet. Ran less in 2015, choosing to challenge defenses with his arm after extending plays outside the pocket. Has arm talent, strength and moxie to make winning plays with defenders draped on him and completed almost 60 percent of his passes when forced to throw on the move. Rose to the occasion against Florida State in 2014 and Clemson in 2015.
								Downward trajectory from over-the-top delivery causes some throws to sink. Has been severely pressured over last two seasons and developed bad habits because of it. Will drop eyes when he feels pressure and throws off his back foot as tools of survival. Occasionally muscles a backfoot throw despite having time to step and drive the ball. Still learning to calm feet and deliver rather than bail when defender is closing in. Carries ball low and away from body when scrambling. Has moments where he is oblivious to pre-snap tells that blitz is coming off the edge. Needs to transition from always trying to fight through sacks to getting rid of the ball more quickly. Struggles with deep ball accuracy completing just 23.1 percent on attempts of 21-plus yards. Had several overthrows when tasked with deep throws down sideline versus man coverage. Failed to recognize receivers running wide open down the seam. Gets locked in on a pre-snap plan and has issues altering his itinerary quickly.
							
2016	Jeff Driskel	2555262	QB	Louisiana Tech	Driskel was supposed to be the "next Tim Tebow" at Florida, a Maxwell Club High School Player of the Year who presents a dual threat with his arm and feet. He started for the Gators as a sophomore, winning 10 games with good statistics (63.7 completion percentage, 12 touchdowns versus five interceptions, 408 rush yards). His third and fourth years in Gainesville weren?t what he desired, however, as he took a medical redshirt in 2013 due to a broken leg and then was relegated to a part-time starter the following year. Driskel finished his career on a high note as a graduate transfer at Louisiana Tech, earning Conference USA Newcomer of the Year and honorable mention all-conference recognition (4,033 passing yards, 28 touchdowns, seven interceptions). 	Prototypical build and athleticism. Quick<U+613C><U+3E64>-footed signal-caller with rapid setup in the pocket. Has active, bouncy feet while turning and scanning from target to target. Possesses arm strength and pace on his throws to challenge playmaking cornerbacks in man and instinctive linebackers in zone. Can get ball out quickly with the flick off his wrist. Fundamentally sound with good footwork to balance himself before driving the ball with good weight transfer and hip rotation. Dangerous runner outside the pocket and can escape with suddenness. Good open-field speed and ability to operate in zone-read packages. Willing to throw 
the ball away and move to next play rather than take unnecessary sacks. Accurate and confident in short passing game.
								Struggles to lead receivers with throws, forcing them to break stride or adjust to throws behind them limiting their yards after catch. Short arms passes when throwing on the move causing issues with under-thrown balls. Accuracy drops substantially on throws down the field, with overthrows robbing him of big plays despite receivers having a step on cornerbacks over the top. Anxious when pocket gets turbulent and will occasionally feel pressure that isn?t there.
							
2016	Kevin Hogan	2555263	QB	Stanford	Following Andrew Luck is not a fate I'd wish on anyone. Hogan's handled it very well, battling through inconsistency before leading the Cardinal to a Pac-12 title as a senior. He was named honorable mention All-Pac-12 and Pac-12 Championship Game MVP in his redshirt freshman year, but failed to earn any accolades in 2013 even though his team won the Pac-12 championship. Hogan?s numbers were actually pretty good in 2014 (65.9 percent, 2,792 yards, 19 touchdowns, eight interceptions), but the team had a disappointing 8-5 season, leading some to question his ability as a leader. However, he came back strong in 2015, improving his accuracy (67.8 completion percentage) while passing for 2,867 yards and 27 touchdowns to garner second-team All-Pac-12 honors and finishing as a finalist for the Manning Award as the nation's top quarterback. Hogan certainly looks the part (6-foot-4, 218), has football genes in his family (close relatives played at Navy, Arizona, and Notre Dame), has won a lot of games (36-10 as a starter), and possesses the athleticism to be effective running the zone read (85 carries, 336 yards, six touchdowns in 2015) at that size.	Consistent winner and tough. Scouts say his teammates and coaches see through deficiencies and trust the competitiveness above all else. Has NFL size. Benefited from playing in a pro<U+613C><U+3E64>-style attack. Has adequate mobility and is unafraid to pull the ball down and get tough yards to extend drives. Extremely bright person. Doesn't always look pretty, but finds ways to make winning plays in adverse situations. Doesn't get cute and feeds his top talent. Tasked to manage the offense and did just that. Smart and self-aware. Understands his strengths and weaknesses and doesn?t take very many low percentage chances. Was the most accurate short-yardage passer in Pac-12 at 76.7 percent.
								Mechanics and footwork are a mess. Throws with a very wide base, a pitcher's stride and a protracted delivery. Ball rarely comes out of his hands cleanly. Plays flat-footed in the pocket with little bounce as he scans field and does a poor job of resetting and coming to balance before delivery. Below-average arm strength and struggles to consistently make accurate, catchable throws to the field side. Average at reading defenses, preventing him from getting ball out on time. Needs much more poise and pocket awareness. Had issues climbing and sliding to clean areas of the pocket when they were there. Drops eyes and immediately panics when pressure is mounting in his face. Took sacks he had no business taking. Lacking desired touch and accuracy on his deep throws.
							
2016	Liam Nadler	2555264	QB	Gannon	In high school was named to the All<U+00AD>-District and All-Conference first teams in football and was a four-year basketball letterman. Redshirted in 2011. Four-year starter at Gannon. Threw for 21 touchdowns as a redshirt freshman in 2012. Started in every game in 2013 totaling 30 rushing/passing touchdowns while earning second-team All-Conference honors. In 2014, had a rushing and passing touchdown in five games and led the conference in total yards per contest.	Has desired size of an NFL pocket passer. Will stand tall in the pocket and stand in against pressure when needed. Productive four-year starter who is lauded for his leadership and character on and off the field. Highly intelligent and willing to go back to teammates who burned him with drops. Doesn?t show much heat on his throws, but issue looks to be with a lack of lower body involvement which is coachable.
								Not a natural passer. Throws are wobbly out of his hands. Has habit of failing to throw on time, crowding receivers against the sideline on outs. Accuracy downfield can be very hit or miss. Has a three-quarter delivery and a dip pre-delivery. Takes awhile to get the ball out of his hands even on hitches and bubble screens. Doesn?t appear to have the accuracy or zip to make NFL throws.
							
2016	A'Shawn Robinson	2555265	DT	Alabama	Nick Saban has made a habit of creating NFL defensive lineman during his time in Tuscaloosa, recruiting the best of the best from the high school ranks and making the most of their potential. Robinson was another one of those five-star recruits who came in ready to contribute. He played all 13 games (starting two) as a true freshman, making 38 stops, eight for loss, and leading the Tide with 5.5 sacks. Robinson displayed versatility by playing inside and outside as a sophomore, earning honorable mention All-SEC honors from league media as a full-time starter (6.5 tackles for loss) by splitting his time between the nose tackle and five-technique spots. He first gained the true attention of scouts that season when racking up nine tackles, three for loss, against Missouri in the SEC Championship Game. Robinson's career reached its apex in 2015, as he garnered consensus All-American honors and was named a finalist for the Outland Trophy.  He was one of the main cogs of the nation?s third-rated defense, making 46 tackles, 7.5 for loss, and 3.5 sacks in 15 games as the Tide won the national title.	Body beautiful for an interior lineman. Well-<U+613C><U+3E64>proportioned with powerful, tree trunk legs make it tough to move him off the spot. Has boom in his punch and dislodges guards and centers if they try and wait on him. Pure power to toss a one-on-one block aside. Athletic enough to give reasonable chase to the ball. Well schooled in using length to stuff cut blocks. Has frame and length to eat blocks and allow linebackers to run free. Heavy tackler. Running backs do not break his tackles and he rarely fails to finish when he?s locked in on his target. Able to generate pocket push when he gets it cranked up as a pass rusher. Boss man in the locker room and in practice helping to hold teammates accountable. Coming into the draft with relatively fresh legs playing just 57 percent of Alabama?s defensive snaps over last two seasons. Has brute force to match NFL power immediately.
								Pad level is his arch enemy. Plays too upright when asked to move. Looks to have flexibility to drop his pads, but doesn?t do it enough. Should be more consistent against double teams. Doesn?t impose his will as often as he could. Basic pass rusher without a winning, go-to move or effective counter. Straight-liner who cranks up initial push as bull-rusher, but stalls out due to leverage loss. Needs to play with wider base to improve balance and base. Able to get upfield as an edge rusher, but rarely turns corner. Too content to lay on blocks when rush stalls rather than spin underneath or unleash a club move. Doesn?t play with the quickness or forward lean to threaten edges and win in the gaps.
							
2016	Alex Balducci	2555266	DT	Oregon	Balducci's statistics as a junior didn't put him on all-conference teams; he managed just 18 tackles (three for loss) in 2014. But Balducci stood out in the national championship game against Ohio State, and he stepped up his production this fall (40 tackles, 7.5 for loss, 3.5 sacks) and finally received the honorable mention All-Pac-12 accolade he deserves. NFL teams will see him as a late-round value, playing the role of space-eater with decent enough feet to keep gaps plugged and squeeze the pocket.	Generated some rush with a decent swim move as pass rusher. Greatly improved production from last season against the run finishing with 6.5 stuff and nine impact tackles. Has ability to improve his base with technique alterations with hands. Had adequate body control and change of direction.
								Poor instincts and recognition. Doesn?t have the reactive athleticism to trump his slow diagnosis of the play. Gets behind in his snaps. Average play strength and poor hand usage. Will struggle at the next level getting off of blocks and defeating single blocks. Doesn?t have lateral quickness to pursue at an NFL level. Tries to win with spin move too often opening up his chest to defenders. 

							
2016	Andrew Billings	2555267	NT	Baylor	Billings was already a big name around Waco before he even agreed to play for the Bears, dominating on the high school football field (266 pancake blocks in his junior and senior years) and setting a state record in power-lifting with 2,010 total pounds at the state meet (805 squat, 705 dead lift, 500 on bench).  Despite the high expectations, he somehow lived up to his billing. After contributing as a true freshman (two starts, 29 tackles, 3.5 tackles for loss), Billings came into his own in 2014, receiving consensus first-team All-Big 12 notice with 37 tackles, 11.5 for loss.  The league named him co-Defensive Player of the Year in 2015, leading Baylor with 15 tackles for loss and tying for the team lead with 5.5 sacks as he heard his name mentioned on several All-American squads. The fact he led the Bears in tackles for loss and sacks shows the athleticism and aggressive nature of his game.	Elite power with a weight<U+613C><U+3E64>lifting background. Generates booming power from hip explosion and when his leverage is on point, he can be menacing. Moved from offensive line to defensive line in college and is getting better by leaps and bounds each year. Drops his pad level even lower when splitting double teams and charging through gaps. Uses violent, powerful swats and slaps to free of opposing hand placement. Instant reaction time makes it difficult to cross his face. Gets arm extension into blocker and stays clean as he pursues laterally. Ridiculous closing burst to the sideline for a big man. Dominates single blocks and is a surefire tackler when he gets hands on a running back. Improving pass rusher with an effective bull rush.
								Top heavy. Powerful but short. Once he gets going in a direction, struggles to slow down and change directions. Recovery athleticism is average. Plays with good initial effort but an average secondary motor. Still learning techniques for the position. Raw as a pass rusher relying on power over a plan. Extremely young to play professionally. Will need positive locker room leaders to guide him as he matures.
							
2016	Anthony Zettel	2555268	DT	Penn St.	Most prospects don't train for the season by tackling trees, but Zettel isn't "most prospects" as a free spirit. He played inside and outside during a 2014 first-team All-Big Ten season in 2014 (17 tackles for loss, eight sacks, three interceptions), but wasn't able to quite create as much havoc when moved primarily inside as a senior (47 tackles, 11 for loss, four sacks, six pass breakups). He was a third team all-conference pick by league coaches and media as a senior, and will be valued for his toughness in the middle rounds of the draft. 	Relentless motor. Doesn?t give offensive lineman a snap off with a lazy rep. Credited by Penn State with 38 tackles for loss over his career. Urgency ratchets up even higher when he smells a play is there to be made. Reads quarterback's eyes and steadies himself to time a leap into passing lane. Had six passes defended in 2015. Has decent lateral footwork and a functional spin move that can open opportunities for him.
								Undersized interior lineman. Missing the necessary sand in his pants to take on double teams or down blocks without being pushed out of the gap. Gets mauled by power. Will struggle to leverage his gap with strength in the pros. May not have a natural position fit. Has short arms and can be controlled by length of tackles when playing outside.
							
2016	Austin Johnson	2555269	NT	Penn St.	Johnson is one of two Big Ten performers in his own family, as his sister, Kennedy, plays on the hardwood for Michigan State. He was an all-state performer in basketball during high school, and Cap-Atlantic Player of the Year as a senior, but as his 6-4, 325-pound frame continued to fill out, it was clear he belonged on the football field. Johnson sat out a redshirt season in 2012, then ate up room inside the next year, starting two games, making 27 tackles, two for a loss. In an honorable mention All-Big Ten sophomore season, Johnson saved his best for last, racking up seven of his 49 tackles (six for loss) for the year in a Pinstripe Bowl win over Boston College. Somehow while earning all-conference honors (third team from coaches, second team from media) in 2015, Johnson managed to earn his journalism degree with the hopes of joining a broadcast crew once his NFL career is over -? which might be a while given the size and athleticism he showed while accumulating 78 tackles, 15 for loss, and six sacks last season.	Exceptional size and girth with burly bubble, thighs and calves. Doesn?t carry much bad weight on his sizable frame and moves well for a big man. Plays with excellent hustle and pursuit. Rare tackle production for an interior defender with 75 this season. Won?t give in against double teams. Plants an outside leg and fights hard to hold his ground and maintain integrity of his gap. Fights through secure blocks and gets back onto play <U+613C><U+3E64>side. Plus instincts and awareness. Against shotgun rushing attacks, looks to set an early edge and has a nose for screen passes. Bull rusher who can walk a center deep into the pocket.
								Doesn?t make hand usage a high enough priority at point of attack. Allows blockers into his frame forcing a much more labored disengagement. Has to change mindset from holding ground to winning quickly at point of attack. May not have desired length for classic, stack and shed nose. Showed signs of frustration with Ohio State's Jacoby Boren's tenacity. Can be knocked off-balance early in rep when his pad level isn?t right. Needs to fire into blockers and take command of neutral zone. Not a penetrating pass rusher.
							
2016	Carl Nassib	2555270	DE	Penn St.	One of the better stories of the 2015 college football season, Nassib went from preferred walk-on status to two years of special teams play to leading the nation in sacks (school record 15.5) and forced fumbles (six) in his senior year. Nassib garnered unanimous All-American honors for his efforts(19.5 tackles for loss) while also winning the Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year, Lombardi Award as the nation's top offensive or defensive lineman, the Ted Hendricks Award for the nation's top defensive end, and the Lott IMPACT (Integrity, Maturity, Performance, Academics, Community, and Tenacity) Trophy. Nassib was also a finalist for the Burlsworth Trophy for the player with the best career as a former walk-on, and the Nagurski Trophy as the nation's top defender.  Now scouts have to figure out if Nassib is a one-year wonder or a true star in the making.	Desires to succeed and is relentless in his pursuit. Former walk-<U+613C><U+3E64>on who was told by Bill O'Brien (then-Penn State coach) that he needed to forget about playing pro football. Was offered a scholarship six months later. Long levers with big hands and comes off the ball with good upfield burst. Has straight-line speed. Excellent feel for navigating around the pass rush arc with maximum efficiency. Uses subtle hand play and lateral body lean to turn the corner and get after the quarterback. Comes off the ball with proper pad level and brings hips into contact to try and maximize his strength. Uses proper arm extension, plus vision and a well-timed shed to attack running backs in his gaps. Smart, instinctive defender who is able to diagnose plays quickly. National sack leader despite missing two games. Forced six fumbles this season.
								One-year wonder. Not physical at the point of attack and can be mauled by power. Thin through legs and needs more mass across his frame for improved base and play strength. Not much twitch as an athlete. Average change of direction and finds himself out of position to make tackles. Lacking agility and ends up on ground too often. More of a grab and drag tackler than bodied-up finisher. Missed 10 tackles in 2015 and had just four run stuffs. His motor causes him to fatigue in spots. Relies on "wide-9" launch-point for favorable angle around the corner as rusher. Lacks speed-to-power rush ability and needs to add more counter moves.
							
2016	Chase Farris	2555271	OG	Ohio St.	NA	Compact frame with stocky upper body and strength in his hands. Pass sets offer up good quickness in kick <U+613C><U+3E64>slides. Good sand in his pants and has the natural core to anchor up once bullrush is underway. Flashes NFL power as a run blocker. Different player when allowed to fire out and create push. Caves in downblocks and was able to widen running creases into gaping holes for Ezekiel Elliott. Many of his technical flaws will be correctable and he projects beyond his inconsistent tape.
								Extremely raw with his technique and instincts. Played defensive line in 2013 and in high school and has very limited starting experience on offensive line. Pass protection was exceedingly sloppy as a tackle. Punch was often nonexistent or was very poorly timed. Allowed rushers into his chest and edges without enough resistance. Average athlete in space. Leaves feet behind after contact causing issues with block security and balance. Takes inconsistent angles as run blocker and in pass pro. Slow and ineffective with cutblocks. 
							
2016	Connor Wujciak	2555272	DT	Boston College	The Wujiack family has had great success in the college football arena, as Connor's brother Alex was a three-time All-ACC linebacker at Maryland and his father, Alan, played on the offensive line on Notre Dame's 1973 national championship squad. Wujiack had his best year as an Eagle in 2015, earning first-team All-ACC honors with 12 stops behind the line, including 4.5 sacks. This followed a third-team all-conference junior year (7.5 TFL, three sacks) and two seasons as a part-time starter (five as a redshirt freshman in 2012, nine in 2013).  	Comes off the ball with low, square pad level and generally maintains it. Finds the football and mirrors down the line. Never allowed a broken tackle over four years. Better when he?s able to play in small spaces. Has big, strong hands. Football runs in his family with a father who won a national championship with the 1973 Notre Dame squad and an older brother who was an All-<U+613C><U+3E64>ACC linebacker at Maryland.
								Lack of girth limits effectiveness and production. Loses his run fit. Gets run past cutback lanes and washed down completely by powerful guards and centers. Struggles to drop a strong anchor when setting edge. Very little juice off the snap and is unable to activate a serviceable, NFL-level bull rush. Has short arms and is easy to see and throw over for quarterbacks. Had no passes defensed over last two seasons.
							
2016	Darion Griswold	2555273	TE	Arkansas State	Receiving statistics do not measure Griswold's potential; like many college tight ends, he is underutilized in the Red Wolves' offense. After a sophomore season where he earned second team All-Sun Belt honors with 24 catches for 312 yards and three scores, Griswold hasn?t had the opportunity to be productive in two honorable mention all-conference season (18 catches, 221 yards, four scores in 2014; just 13-187-2 in 2015). His size makes him an intriguing red-zone prospect and long strides allow him to threaten the seam. 	Big body with some thickness in his lower half. Good straight-line movement for a big man and was used to challenge downfield. All-<U+613C><U+3E64>state high school basketball player with ability to body up and catch the ball in 
traffic. Decent leaper. Dependable hands and tucks ball quickly to get up the field after catch. Technique as run blocker needs lots of work, but flashes some potential in that area if he can become more balanced at point of attack.
								Takes awhile to come out of his stance and get into his routes. Labored gait when running. No separation quickness out of his breaks. Needs to play with more consistent play speed. Not a true inline tight end and lacked production expected from a move tight end. Waist-bending head-ducker as a run blocker and very raw. Will need to improve strength in his hands to latch onto his blocking targets.
							
2016	Dean Lowry	2555274	DE	Northwestern	The Chicago Tribune All-State pick decided to stay in-state to play for a Wildcats legend in head coach Pat Fitzgerald at Northwestern. Like Fitzgerald was during his time as a two-time Bronko Nagurski Trophy and Chuck Bednarik Award winner with the Wildcats, Lowry is a lunch pail player who brings effort on every snap. He?s also a better athlete than most people realize, showing the agility to spin off blocks and make plays in the backfield (15 tackles for loss, 8.5 sacks in 2013-2014). His senior year capped an excellent career, with a highlight being his school-record six tackles for loss against Nebraska. He finished as a second-team All-Big Ten honoree with 46 tackles, 13.5 for loss, and three sacks. Lowry could play multiple spots along the line depending on his new team?s defensive scheme.	Comes off the snap with burst and good pad level. Gives chase on the backside with great motor and good play speed. Willing to pursue the ball with consistency or effort. When pad level is good, can generate effective speed-<U+613C><U+3E64>to-power attack. Has play frame to fit classic 3-4 DE spot. Coaches praise his work ethic and team-first mentality. Does the dirty work that helps others succeed. Always active. Tackle finisher who rarely allows runners to escape. Had as many tackles and more tackles for loss than Joey Bosa.
								Short arms and small hands prevent him from posting higher win percentage at point of attack. Not as aware of the ball as he needs to be. Needs to unhinge from blockers earlier when runners are in his neighborhood. Gets stood straight up at contact as bull rusher. Pad level and narrow base rob him of bull-rush power when rushing from inside. Dull, straight-ahead rusher with no pass rush plan. Doesn?t threaten the edges of blockers. Marginal playmaking change of direction.
							
2016	DeForest Buckner	2555275	DE	Oregon	It would be foolish for team to be wary of selecting Buckner because of the lack of success of former Ducks defender and number three overall pick Dion Jordan, as he's a completely different type of player. The 2015 Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year, Ted Hendricks Award finalist and member of multiple All-American squads (first team USA Today, second team AP, etc.) presents a thicker frame, portending an NFL career with his hand on the ground, rather than a stand-up pass rusher like Jordan. Buckner had become a name to note as a 2014 second-team All-Pac-12 pick (led team with 13 tackles for loss) after two seasons as a partial-year starter; he had 29 tackles and two starts, playing in every game as a true freshman in 2013, followed by a eight-start sophomore season (3.5 tackles for loss, 2.5 sacks). He finished off his career in style (83 tackles, 17 for loss, Pac-12 leading 10.5 sacks), putting himself among the top prospects in the senior class.	Impressive NFL-<U+613C><U+3E64>ready physique. Has natural strength and power in his hands and improved their effectiveness this year. Not a content player, Buckner plays with effort and will continue working hands and feet to improve his positioning. Light went on as pass rusher in 2015. Generated top-end production by combining his power and dynamic athletic traits. Improved his pad level as rusher creating dominating pocket push that he was able to convert into sacks and knockdowns. Rare tackle production for defensive lineman with 163 over last two seasons. Long arms and good play speed allow him maximum field coverage to tackle. Flexible upper body. Can flip shoulders, then hips around the edge of blockers allowing him to play on the other side of the line. Has size and athleticism for scheme versatility. Quick off the snap and difficult to cut off in run game.
								Plays too tall after the snap. Pad level so high that it impacts ability to stop and change direction with necessary body control. Needs to bend more when penetrating in order to avoid redirect blocks. Will need to play with wider base to take on blockers on next level. Has habit of turning shoulders and getting knocked out of position rather than taking on blocks with squared up pads.
							
2016	Devon Cajuste	2555276	WR	Stanford	Cajuste is a similar prospect to the Carolina Panthers' second-round pick last April, Devin Funchess. Both have large receiver builds that can create mismatches in goal-line situations and in the middle of the field. Though he didn?t duplicate his outstanding junior year (34 catches, 557 yards, six scores -- two against Maryland in the Foster Farms Bowl) in 2015, a lack of opportunities seemed the most likely reason for his 27-reception, 383-yard, three-touchdown effort. Against Notre Dame in November, however, Cajuste showed his real potential by catching five passes for 125 yards and a touchdown against the Cardinal's rival.	Tall with a muscular frame. Play strength is above average and will fight for positioning. Reliable pass catcher with powerful hands. Able to post up and win the contested catch. Has traits to transition to H-back. Clean footwork and movements in his routes with a decent double move. Has some deceptive quickness out of stemming routes. Will work middle of the field without fear. Handles his responsibilities as a blocker. Good red zone target due to size and toughness.
								Below average athlete for the position. Missing burst off the line and lacks second gear to generate push upfield to threaten cornerbacks. Cornerbacks will sit on his routes. Separation against NFL cornerbacks will be a struggle. Not a threat after the catch. Might not offer much special teams value.
							
2016	Eli Apple	2555277	CB	Ohio St.	Though Apple was highly-recruited out of high school, Buckeyes head coach Urban Meyer wasn't sure of what he had during the New Jersey native's first year on campus. But Apple was diagnosed with an iron deficiency that prevented him from giving full effort on the field, in the weight room, and in the classroom. Once that was under control, Meyer and the rest of the coaches saw Apple begin to fulfill his potential. Apple (whose given surname was Woodard, but changed it to honor his stepfather) started 14 of 15 games as a redshirt freshman during Ohio State's run to a national title. In fact, he sealed the Buckeyes' win over Oregon in the championship game, intercepting Heisman Trophy winner Marcus Mariota's final collegiate pass. For the season, he totaled 53 tackles, 5.5 for loss, three interceptions and 10 pass breakups. Although Apple's statistical production decreased in 2015 (33 tackles, two for loss, one interception, eight pass breakups), Big Ten coaches recognized his ability to shut down opposing receivers by voting him second-team all-conference.	Good height, weight and arm length combination. Clean footwork in transition with natural ability to mirror and match from press coverage. Won't open hips early and rarely turned around off line of scrimmage. Has foot quickness in short spaces to maintain feel for his man. Extremely competitive when ball is in the air. Has play strength to redirect receivers from their routes. Aggressive hands in coverage and fights hard to disrupt the catch by any means necessary. Finished with 22 passes defensed over last two years. Scouts praise him for work ethic and technical improvement over last two years. Will come downhill against run and is diligent with contain responsibilities.
								Can be slow to diagnose and anticipate quarterback's plans. Average reactive athleticism. Doesn't feature the balance or twitch to rocket forward and challenge throws if he's not shadowing his man. Won't always play to his size as a tackler. Dragged 18 yards after a catch against Penn State. Shows some stiffness as an open field tackler and allowed four broken tackles this season. Slow to turn head and find ball on deep throws. Becomes Mr. Grabs if he senses receiver is getting over the top of him or when he's trying to crowd the top of routes. Had four holding and seven pass interference penalties from 2014<U+613C><U+3E64>-2015.
							
2016	Emmanuel Ogbah	2555278	DE	Oklahoma St.	Ogbah's family moved from Nigeria to the Houston when he was nine years old, with the hopes of finding a better way of life. The child given the middle name Ikechukwu (which means "God's power") flourished athletically in his new country, eventually becoming a finalist for the greater Houston high school defensive player of the year. He chose Oklahoma State partially due to his appreciation of former OSU offensive tackle Russell Okung, a fellow native of Nigeria who had great success with the Cowboys and in the NFL. Ogbah (AWG-buh) played in every game as a redshirt freshman, tying for the team lead with four sacks. Once inserted into the starting lineup, Ogbah starred, winning the Big 12 Defensive Lineman of the Year with 17 tackles for loss including 11 sacks.  He played well again as a junior (17.5 tackles for loss, conference-high 13 sacks), earning Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year this time around, as well as All-American honors from USA Today, the Walter Camp Foundation, and others. The Ted Hendricks Award finalist couldn?t break through against Ole Miss tackles Laremy Tunsil and Fahn Cooper in the team's Sugar Bowl loss, but NFL scouts still see his potential as a top pass rusher at the next level.	Thick, powerful frame with broad shoulders. Came into school undersized but has grown into his frame with weight work. Able to absorb contact and play through it. Tough for linemen to redirect and is too much for tight ends one<U+613C><U+3E64>-on-one against the run. Some of the most power hand slaps you will find in college football. Able to brush away a weak punch with ease. At times, flashes unusual ability to trim the edge with power over speed. Uses power and a late rip move to win around corner. Plus speed-to-power rusher who created instant bull rush movement. Has power to win at the point of attack and capture the neutral zone while posting consistent production. Has posted a full sack or more in 16 of his last 21 games and finished 2015 with 17.5 tackles for losses. Has played both end positions, bumped inside and plays with a hand up and down.
								Shows some stiffness in his hips and is not a dynamic athlete. Inconsistent awareness. Reaction time can be quick, but awareness of developing plays needs improvement. Short-circuits his point of attack power when he turns his shoulders and gets washed down. Limited stride length hurts upfield burst. One speed pass rusher who is easy to find. Unable to burn the edges with quickness. Needs to disengage more quickly from bull rushes. Could stand to step up his motor and pursuit effort.
							
2016	Jack Conklin	2555279	OT	Michigan St.	In hindsight, it's difficult to comprehend that Conklin had zero scholarship offers from FBS-level colleges coming out of high school. The son of a high school football coach, Conklin had all of the tools to start with, which may have been why Michigan State came through with a preferred walk-on offer in the spring of 2012. He earned a scholarship halfway through his redshirt season, working over highly-recruited defensive ends in practice to earn their respect.  Conklin started 13 of 14 games in 2013, 10 at left tackle and three on the right side, to earn multiple Freshman All-American honors. More people started taking notice of his toughness and strength in his sophomore season, as both league coaches and media named him a second-team Big Ten player at left tackle. Even though Conklin missed two games in his junior campaign with a leg injury, he garnered All-American recognition from nearly every outlet in addition to consensus first-team All-Big Ten honors for his ability to protect quarterback Connor Cook. Conklin's leadership and skills on the line during his final year in East Lansing helped the Spartans climb the Ohio State hump and capture a much-desired Big Ten Championship.	Scrappy with ability to recover when beaten. Showed Oregon's DeForest Buckner what time it was by bouncing him around at the point of attack. Plays with good core strength and impressive power in his hands. When he latches into defenders framework, he makes it difficult for them to disengage. Works well with guards in combination blocks. Leveraged second level climbs and careful not to climb too high and allow linebackers to slide underneath him. Makes strong initial contact as a run blocker and rolls hips up underneath him to uproot defenders and secure his blocks. Technically sound in pass protection with a wide base and ability to mirror. Consistently shoots inside hand first and lands his punch with good accuracy. Drops anchor like a door jam in pass protection sinking his rear and getting arm extension with inside hand placement.
								Not a deluxe athlete and might have issues with NFL edge speed. Has a habit of "opening the gate" too quickly in his pass sets rather than maintaining a more squared pad level for longer. Able to stuff single rush moves, but average athleticism will be tested by counters. Always looks to win on the physical front and can be a little slow to work his feet into proper position after initial contact. Hands can get a little wide and grabby once he?s in space.
							
2016	Jalen Ramsey	2555280	CB	Florida St.	Ramsey was a top-rated recruit (No. 10 overall by Rivals) out of Tennessee, stepping right into the fire in Tallahassee. In fact, he was the first freshman to start the opener at cornerback for the Seminoles since Deion Sanders 30 years earlier. Each year with FSU, he's garnered several honors, from Freshman All-American nod in 2013 () to All-American and first-team All-ACC accolades in both 2014 (79 tackles, 9.5 for loss, two interceptions, 12 pass break-ups) and 2015 (3.5 tackles for loss, 10 pass break-ups). Ramsey is not in Sanders? class as an athlete (though not many are), but he did win ACC indoor and outdoor long jump titles in 2015. And he has shown great versatility throughout his career, splitting time between cornerback and safety his freshman year, playing the Spur spot in 2014, before moving back to corner as a junior.  	Dominant athlete. Sprinter and champion long jumper for Seminoles track team and hit a 40-inch vertical leap in high school. Prototype frame for a big, press<U+613C><U+3E64> cover corner. From press, lands accurate blows with extended arms into the shoulders of receivers. Can redirect and, in some cases, completely roadblock a route with his disruptive press strength and tactics. Has experience at safety and as slot corner. Boundary corner in 2015 and quick to crowd outside releases against sideline. Shines in trail coverage. Has athletic ability to slam on brakes from full sprint and shadow comeback routes. Length and closing speed make it difficult to beat him over the top. Elite leaper who can challenge jump balls against anyone. Uses aggressive ripping and raking against catch attempts. Aware and instinctive from zone and off coverage. Diagnoses quickly and will stick a foot in the ground and drive hard towards the throw. Balanced, wrap-up tackler in space. Allowed a completion rate of just 38.5 percent.
								Much better straight-line player than lateral athlete. Shows hip tightness from press. Overreacts with feet to initial moves from press and can be knocked off balance by a clever release. Footwork and patience from press must improve or teams will match him up against quickness to test him. Missing fluid hips to open and run. Allows early separation in tight quarters and a clean passing window against crossing routes. Had no interceptions this year and just three for his career. Appeared to be a more fiery competitor in 2014. Would like to see him step downhill harder after run diagnosis rather than waiting for play to get to him. Can be a playmaking run-thumper on one play, but then passive the next.
							
2016	Joe Thuney	2555281	OG	N.C. State	Thuney has played everywhere on the offensive line for the Wolfpack, beginning his career as back-up center as a redshirt freshman, starting at right tackle, right guard and left tackle in 2013, lining up at left guard in 2014 before returning to the blind side tackle spot as a senior. The second-team All-ACC pick has the strong versatility and potential for growth that NFL teams covet in a mid-round selection.	All-<U+613C><U+3E64>ACC first-team selection in 2015. Doesn?t check all of the physical boxes scouts want, but his tasks get accomplished. Accurate initial engagement as run blocker, allowing him to sustain blocks longer and widen running lanes. Has played every position along the offensive line. Sharp and can process assignment changes quickly against run stunts. Sees twists and comes off of first blocks instantly to catch up with twisting rusher. Shows reactive athleticism to make quick counter step inside when needed.
								Lean frame and thin through hips and thighs. Head-ducker and waist-bender. Doesn?t trust his core strength and will lower head and lean into pass rushers opening up potential balance concerns. Needs to bring feet under him after contact. Consistent forward lean in all aspects of his game allow defenders to bounce him around. Not reliable cross-face blocker. Busy hands with too much wasted motion after the snap. Has short arms and small hands that will end up outside defender?s frame.
							
2016	Kenny Clark	2555282	NT	UCLA	Kenny Clark, Sr., went to prison in 2005, leaving 9-year-old Kenny, Jr. to mature faster than most of the boys his age. With the help of his mother and others, Clark maintained a good relationship with this father and turned the adversity into a positive, working hard to become an excellent high school player. He started four games as a freshman in 2013 (31 tackles, four for loss, one sack), then stayed a fixture in the lineup the following year. The 2014 second-team All-Pac-12 selection (58 tackles, 5.5 for loss) graduated to all-conference first team as a junior, using his strength and agility to finish second on the Bruins in tackles (75), tackles for loss (11) and sacks (six) despite lining up in the interior. Clark also showed a knack for batting down passes, breaking up five on the year.	Former high school wrestler who can generate torque through upper body strength and leverage with power in his hips. Will hammer finesse guards and centers with initial punch and overtake the neutral zone. Quick to diagnose run direction and will race to set the edge against blocker. Low center of gravity and powerful core make him a challenging block to seal for linemen. Cranks up a nasty bull <U+613C><U+3E64>rush to collapse pocket when single blocked. Plays with plus instincts and football IQ. Has feel for trap blocks and double teams and is quick to read and react to screens. Can work his way through double teams and squeeze the gap.
								Short and missing arm length to be better tackle finisher. Allowed unusual amount of broken tackles (4) for an interior lineman. Not a quick twitch athlete. Needs to do a better job of bringing feet and hips through contact. Gets too anxious pursuing down line and can lose backside contain. Despite strength, lack of size will be challenging in some matchups. Straight line bull rusher with average lateral quickness for twists.
							
2016	Kivon Cartwright	2555283	TE	Colorado St.	NA	Angular tight end with long arms and huge hands. Hands look natural. Can use long arms to reach and pluck a sailing throw. Best when routes take him down the field. Long <U+613C><U+3E64>strider who has adequate buildup speed when challenging intermediate to deep. Allowed to run variety of routes and caught passes from all spots on the field. Saw seven of his 18 catches go for 20 yards or more.
								Stiffness in his lower body creates mechanical movement. Not very fluid into his breaks and shows no wiggle to make defenders miss in the open field. Plays too upright into his routes. Can go high to catch a throw but not as effective adjusting to throws wide or behind him. Not very strong at the point of attack. Strong edge defenders can rag doll him around. Unable to handle NFL bull rush in pass protection.
							
2016	Kyle Carter	2555284	TE	Penn St.	Carter's numbers haven't matched his physical characteristics during his career at Penn State, though it may be interesting to see if his utilization improves in a pro setting. He came out of the blocks strong as a redshirt freshman, earning Freshman All-American honors with 36 receptions covering 453 yards and two scores before a wrist injury sidelined him. As a sophomore, he caught just 18 passes for 222 yards and a touchdown (a game-winner against Illinois in overtime). Carter ended his junior year with a bang, catching a touchdown to tie up the Pinstripe Bowl versus Boston College, allowing for the extra point to win the game. That was his only score for the year, however, on 16 catches for 153 yards. During his senior year, he fought an ankle injury that limited his effectiveness (14 catches, 135 yards). 	Good athlete and very easy into his routes. Has speed to challenge vertically and over the top of middle linebackers. Good leaper with ability to climb ladder and snare a high throw. Quickness is there to be a more effective player in space. Could become a factor after the catch in the right scheme. Was split wide as matchup tight end in 2014 and could give walk<U+613C><U+3E64>out linebackers trouble downfield. Able to cut block on the backside on zone plays.
								Highly inconsistent adjusting to inaccurate throws despite his numerous opportunities over the last two years. Failed to prove he could secure contested catches. Hands are just average. Doesn?t seem to respond well with extra pace on the ball. Couldn?t separate thanks to rounded, ineffective routes. Not instinctive or physical as a blocker in space. Lacks toughness and size at the point of attack to matter in the run game.
							
2016	Leonard Floyd	2555285	OLB	Georgia	It?s tough not to think of former Georgia star linebacker Boss Bailey when watching Floyd, a long, lean pass rusher. An all-state pick in his Georgia high school days, Floyd played a year at Hargrave Military Academy before heading to Athens (as many Georgia recruits do).  He started eight of 13 games played in 2013, receiving All-Freshman SEC notice after making 9.5 tackles for loss and 6.5 sacks. Floyd was awarded the Bulldogs' Defensive MVP in 2014 (though he missed the team's bowl game having knee surgery) to go along with honorable mention all-conference honors from league media (8.5 tackles for loss, six sacks). In his final year between the hedges, Floyd led the Bulldogs in sacks for the third straight year (4.5) and tied for the team lead with 10.5 tackles for loss, garnering second-team All-SEC notice from league coaches. The 2015 Butkus Award finalist is no joke off the edge, as many college tackles would confirm.	Unique combination of length and athleticism. Extremely rangy with great chase speed from sideline to sideline. Good change of direction for taller player. Long limbs and twitch to spring into a tackle from a mile away. If unblocked, will chase down line of scrimmage from backside and foil run plans. Elusive in open space dodging blockers and sifting through traffic in pursuit of the ball. Has the traits to be highly effective in man coverage. As an edge rusher, able to shoot out of the starting blocks and cover substantial ground with long second and third strides. Not a great bender, but has ankle flexion necessary to lean at 45-<U+613C><U+3E64>degree angle and buzz inside the rush arc. Substantial pass rush potential with a variety of options to the quarterback. Pet move is upfield burst followed by jump-cut inside tied with inside club. Able to dip and rip around the corner. Dangerous on T/E twists and blitzes underneath. Able to worm his way through the A-gap as standup blitzer.
								All thin everything. Gangly frame produces marginal play strength. Built like a wide receiver and needs to live in a team cafeteria and weight room. Not an edge-setter. Gets long arms into defender effectively, but struggles to gain extension. Loses fight for neutral zone at point of attack. Issues shedding blocks forces him into downfield tackler rather than backfield playmaker. Drag-down tackler with little pop behind pads as a hitter. Must work to keep pad level lower on inside rush move.
							
2016	Luther Maddy	2555286	DT	Virginia Tech	An undersized and active tackle once referred to by Tech defensive coordinator Bud Foster as the "bell-cow" of the defense, Maddy returned to his old self in 2015, earning second team All-ACC notice from league coaches (57 tackles, seven for loss, 2.5 sacks) after an injury-shortened season the previous fall. He actually garnered honorable mention All-ACC status in that year despite playing in just four games (9 tackles, 0.5 for loss), partially because of the goodwill he built following a third-team all-conference junior year (13.5 TFL, 6.5 sacks) and solid sophomore campaign (35 tackles, 6.5 TFL, four sacks). 	Plays with energy and effort until the whistle blows. Comes off the ball with outstanding quickness and can get into blockers early. Shows ability to swing from gap to gap with lateral quickness. Gets all he can from his arm extension and stays ready to shed. Quick twitch athleticism with hints of explosion in his upper body. Leverage allows him to post up against combination blocks. Uses sweet spin move to disengage and re-position against the run.
								Has trouble stringing together moves if his initial quickness doesn?t put him in driver?s seat. Stubby frame with tiny hands. Plays with too much of square rusher?s mentality rather than a shoulder turner who can win around the corner. Positions himself to shed quickly but has trouble unhinging from strong hands. Can be overwhelmed by big guards who square him up. Too many ?almost? tackles and sacks. Missing the length to be a better finisher.
							
2016	Nelson Spruce	2555287	WR	Colorado	One of the most productive receivers in college football in 2014, Spruce filled the stats sheet with 105 catches for nearly 1,200 yards and 12 scores. His senior year, however, was not as productive (84-942, three TD) partially due to the team's offensive limitations. While Spruce is not considered an explosive downfield threat, he runs solid routes, fights for the ball in the air and is a reliable pass-catcher (he's the Pac-12's leader in career receptions) -- three important traits for a No. 2 or 3 NFL receiver.	Same guy every snap. Despite a high number of body catches, is extremely sure-handed dropping just three balls over last 288 targets. Willing over the middle and is comfortable in contested catch situations. Fearless, steady punt returner. Production off the charts. Broke Pac<U+613C><U+3E64>-12 all-time mark in career catches. Will vary speed in routes and is clever with double moves. Knows how to set up a route. Uses plus play strength to fight through press. Technique not always there, but will strike with a purpose as a run blocker.
								Marginal play speed and needs double moves to give him a shot over the top of cornerbacks. Cornerbacks know he can't run by them and squat on underneath routes. Compactly built with tight hips. Has noticeable balance issues running whip routes and is too tight to run sharp breaking routes with acceleration out of his cuts. Lack of getaway speed means he will always have company in a nearby defender. Short-limbed and not an explosive leader. Won't win many high-point battles for the ball.
							
2016	Nick Kwiatkoski	2555288	ILB	West Virginia	The heart and soul of the Mountaineers' defense (not to mention their leading tackler the past three seasons), Kwiatkoski (quit-KOW-ski) brings toughness to the field and is an explosive tackler. As a redshirt sophomore in 2013 starting at the Will spot, Kwiatkoski led the team with 86 tackles (6.5 for loss, two sacks) while also intercepting three passes. He made 11.5 tackles for loss among his 103 stops from the middle in 2014, and earned first-team All-Big 12 notice with his 86 tackles, ten for loss, three sacks, three interceptions, and seven pass breakups as a senior playing the Sam. Playing three different linebacker spots, while keeping the athleticism that he had as a high school receiver and safety, will gain looks from NFL scouts.	Has production that has filled up stat sheet for three straight years. Finished last three seasons with 275 tackles. Former safety with a feel for what is developing around him. Had 10 passes defensed this season and two seasons with three interceptions. Good balance to  maneuver around trash and get to the tackle. Tough play demeanor and technically sound tackler. Chest up tackler who drives through his target to finish. Gets downhill with timing as a blitzer. Has aggressiveness and nose for the ball to become a special teams performer.
								Scouts worry about his ability to match power at point of attack. Pad level is a little bit high and will run under blocks giving away his gap rather than leveraging it. Doesn't have the combination of burst and instincts to stay off of blockers. Needs to improve hand usage rather than taking on with shoulder so often. Questionable sideline-to-sideline speed.
							
2016	Nick Vannett	2555289	TE	Ohio St.	Vannett grew up in Westerville, Ohio, where OSU football is King. Though he was not utilized to his full potential in the Buckeyes? passing attack, there?s no reason that he shouldn't be as valued as former teammate Jeff Heuerman, who was a 2015 third-round pick of the Denver Broncos. He has NFL size and hands, earning honorable mention All-Big Ten selection with 19 catches for 162 yards in 2015. Vannett had similar production (19-220) but more red zone targets (scoring five times) as a junior after spare usage as a redshirt freshman (two starts, 9-123) and sophomore (8-80, one TD). 	Endowed with an all<U+613C><U+3E64>-day NFL body type. Carries long limbs and big hands on a muscular, athletic frame. Comfortable hands in traffic and can make the heavily contested catch. Not afraid of taking a hit over the middle to secure the throw. Fluid mover and has the flexibility to sink and run sharp angle routes. Has body control and catch radius to pluck it high or low. Has size and ability to handle inline blocking assignments and will battle once he?s locked into a one-on-one fight. Was trusted to help in pass protection. Lined up wide, in slot and as both move and inline tight end. Finds his place against zone and works himself into open, easy throws for quarterbacks on the move.
								Allows defender to crowd him on seam routes. Will need to improve hand fighting and leverage to create late separation for catches. Needs to be tougher at point of attack as a blocker. As move tight end, didn?t always fire downhill into his iso blocks. Allows defensive ends and outside linebackers to bring the fight to him. Routes need refining for better separation against man coverage. Run after catch potential not realized because his legs are easy targets for secondary to chop down.
							
2016	Paul McRoberts	2555290	WR	Southeast Missouri St.	NA	Tall with the frame to carry more weight. Played a year of college basketball and has ability to high point throws with the timing of a rebounder. Beats press coverage with basketball feet. Sinks hips into his breaks and can break routes off sharply when he wants. Gifted with extremely long arms and large hands for an elite catch radius. Can make difficult, one-<U+613C><U+3E64>handed catches. Pluck and tuck ball-catcher in traffic with natural, soft hands.
								Doesn't have cushion-eating speed off the line of scrimmage to back cornerbacks off. Needs to do a better job of helping his quarterback out by working back to the ball. Shows inconsistent effort and play speed in his routes. Looks focused and hungry at times and lackadaisical at others. Can be slowed by contact along his routes. Can go get the high balls, but not as effective adjusting to low throws.
							
2016	Ryan Brown	2555291	DE	Mississippi St.	NA	Hard worker in classrooms and on the field. Very aware of screen passes developing and covers them up. Two-year starter who was also an active contributor on special teams. Plays with hand up and down. Comes off the ball with decent quickness. Tall with good arm length. Invited to play in East-West Shrine Game.
								Lack of feel or awareness for trap blocks coming across the formation. No functional play strengths. Can?t generate penetration or push. Once blockers latch on, he?s finished. Straight legged player who gets widened when trying to set edges and who lacks the movement to change direction and get after the passer.
							
2016	Scooby Wright III	2555292	ILB	Arizona	Philip "Scooby" Wright III (his dad gave him the nickname, calling him his "little Scooby-Doo") was simply the best defender in college football in 2014, winning the coveted triple crown of national awards: the Bronko Nagurski Trophy, Rotary Lombardi Award and Chuck Bednarik Award. The unanimous All-American and Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year ranked among the top five players in the country with 163 tackles, 29 tackles for loss, 14 sacks and six forced fumbles. He was a one-man wrecking crew. Wright showed some glimpses of that talent in his freshman season, where he started 12 games, making 83 tackles, 9.5 for loss, and an interception straight off the bus as a two-time California All-State pick. His junior year was much more of a struggle than he expected, as he played just three games due first to a torn lateral meniscus in this left knee and then to a sprained right foot. His final game in a Wildcat uniform was one to remember, however, as he racked up 15 stops, 3.5 for loss and two sacks against an option team in the New Mexico Lobos in the New Mexico Bowl. Wright was a two-star recruit despite his successful high school career due to a perceived lack of athleticism, but doubters of his ability to play in the NFL have hopefully learned their lesson.	Possesses elite instincts. Appears to head in direction of the play like he knows the play call. Extremely active and always on the balls of his feet and ready to hunt. Plays with an insane amount of competitive fire. Flows quickly to point with downhill action and looking to disrupt. Is often able to force cutbacks or alter the running back?s track. Can time snaps and shoot gaps making him a dangerous blitzer. His 2014 season, which included 163 tackles, 29 tackles for losses, 14 sacks and six forced fumbles, is widely considered the most productive for a linebacker in college football history. Explodes with hips into tackles and finishes with his feet. Play speed is faster than timed speed thanks to combination of instincts and burst 
to the ball. Shows plus lateral agility with ability to engage in, shed, or beat the block.
								Needs to learn to harness his energy and passion to improve his body control. Will end up on the ground a little too often due to revved up motor. Average athlete with below average straight<U+613C><U+3E64>-line speed. Plays upright. Needs more bend in his waist and knees to improve his pad level and leverage. Can improve his tackling. Will get run through at times due to leverage issues. Stiff change of direction creates arm tackling situations and missed tackles. Gets caught guessing sometimes and will vacate his run fit.
							
2016	Shawn Oakman	2555293	DE	Baylor	It doesn't take long to find Oakman on the field, as his frame and No. 2 jersey stand out even among the Bears' top competition. Considering the difficulties he had growing up (his late father out of the picture, his mother was a cocaine addict, tested positive for HIV and spent time in prison), it?s difficult to imagine how he?s made it this far. He almost lost his way during his redshirt season at Penn State, where he was kicked off the team after attempting to steal a sandwich from a campus cafeteria because he was out of meal credits. It was a bit of a surprise when the massive lineman decided to return to school for the 2015 season, as he likely would have been an early-round pick after recording 19.5 tackles for loss (11 sacks) as a junior. His production was down considerably in 2015 (14.5 TFL, 4.5 sacks), though Big 12 coaches still named him a second team all-conference selection.  Oakman will be a polarizing figure in draft rooms across the league due to juxtaposition between his physique and production.	One of the most long-<U+613C><U+3E64>levered pro prospects you will ever see. Built like Adonis from the waist up with thunderous power in his hands. Able to create instant bull rush thanks to arm extension and explosive hips. Can bench press tackles to set a very strong edge. Has some 2-gap ability when he plays square to the line of scrimmage and maintains a wider base. Incredible length puts him in position to make tackles when the ball drifts anywhere near him. Raw, but has tools and traits necessary to improve as a pass rusher if he puts the work in.
								Body type of a praying mantis with well-built upper and skinny legs. Will always struggle with his high center of gravity. Must create more knee bend as part of his muscle memory reflex to improve his balance. His pass rush consists of bull rushing or bull rushing. Occasionally windmills hands to try and swat away punch to turn the corner but mostly bull rushing. Menacing power only evident in straight line. Doesn't have leverage or lower body power to translate play strength throughout his movements. Upper body and lower body don't seem coordinated.
							
2016	Shilique Calhoun	2555294	DE	Michigan St.	Not many players are named to All-American squads once during their college career, much less twice. Calhoun's managed to earn the nod three straight years, making big plays for the Spartans as they competed for Big Ten titles. As a redshirt sophomore, Calhoun was the Big Ten Defensive Lineman of the Year and first team all-conference recognition in addition to second team All-American notice from several sources after recording 14 tackles for loss, 7.5 sacks, four fumble recoveries and an interception. The two-time Ted Hendricks Award finalist (2013, 2015) didn?t disappoint in his second year as a starter and first as a team captain, making 39 tackles, 12.5 for loss and eight sacks. Calhoun could have left for the NFL after 2014, but decided to return to compete for a Big Ten title and a national championship. The Spartans did accomplish the former, with the help of Calhoun?s 14.5 tackles for loss and 10.5 sacks before losing to eventual champion Alabama in the College Football Playoff.	Former high school basketball standout with an athletic, well-<U+613C><U+3E64>proportioned frame. Three-year starter with above average pass rush production. Posted 128 quarterback pressures and 26.5 sacks over last three years. Rushes passer with forward lean and good knee bend. Keeps running after contact to better position. Improving shoulder dip around corner to run the arc tightly and get after the quarterback. Flashes above average burst to the quarterback when sack is in his sights. Good play recognition and awareness in run game. Good backside chase speed against the run and able to change directions when needed. Two-time team captain under Mark Dantonio who is highly respected in the building. Has shown potential for more complex pass rush attack using several different rush moves from various angles.
								Missing aggressive, nasty play demeanor at point of attack. Showed too much respect to blockers rather than playing through them with aggression. Gets caught up in slap-fighting rather than dominating with hand strength. Can improve feel for when to use power and when to use finesse as a rusher. Flagged for nine encroachment penalties this year. Needs to play faster. Play strength doesn?t match his frame. Won?t often whip a base block and gives in too easily to double team coming from tight end. Wasn?t a factor in the opposing team?s backfield in 2015.
							
2016	Sterling Shepard	2555295	WR	Oklahoma	Shepard wears the same jersey number (3) as his late father, Derrick Shepard, who lettered for the Sooners as a receiver in the 1980s. Despite his slight frame, Shepard's toughness, strong hands, and quick cuts make him the sort of in-space player NFL offensive coordinators want working the middle of the field. Shepard?s production greatly increased from his second-team All-Big 12 2014 season (51 catches, 970 yards, five touchdowns) to his USA Today second-team All-American senior season (86-1,288-11).	Silky smooth with terrific route quickness. Plays with consistent play speed into and out of his breaks and can hit the gas out of his breaks to create instant separation for anticipatory throws. Runs variety of routes from the slot. Almost impossible to stay with his "whip" route. Clean with his double moves and if cornerbacks bite, is able to get over the top to track throws and run under them for the big play. Will adjust routes to ball placement. Not afraid over the middle. Born to catch a football. Just eight drops with 253 catches and is able to adjust to high, low or behind him for difficult catches. Loves to compete. Willing to jump into a cornerback and get after him as a blocker from slot. Takes pride in his work ethic and scouts say his personal and football character is extremely high. Was a talented basketball player and long-jumper in high school.
								Not very big and lack of play strength will show up from time to time. Won't see as many free releases in pros. Strong cornerbacks with good feet can cause issues for him in press coverage. Can be redirected in his routes and will get trapped against the sideline at times. More quick than fast and reliant upon clever routes to get over the top against true speed. Not much of a catch radius. Can get too cute with amount of moves off release or underneath routes.
							
2016	Steven Scheu	2555296	TE	Vanderbilt	Scheu (pronounced SHOY) found Vandy's new offense to his liking in 2014, grabbing 39 passes for 525 yards and four touchdowns. This more than doubled his total production from his sophomore (9-123, one TD) and redshirt freshman (8-45, one TD) seasons. The 2014 second-team All-SEC pick?s production dropped off in his season year due to a team-wide lack of efficiency (26-231, one TD) and an injury causing him to miss one game. He was, however, still a candidate for the Wuerffel and William V. Campbell Trophies and the Senior CLASS Award for his efforts on and off the field. 	Helped out inaccurate quarterback. Showed body control to make adjustments to throws behind him.  Able to make contested catches in a crowd. Aware of oncoming traffic and tucks ball away quickly while adjusting his path after the catch. Takes good angles to blocks in space and shows ability to mirror and wall off safeties.
								Average athleticism and won?t be out<U+613C><U+3E64>running safeties or linebackers down the seam anytime soon. Unable to create separation through quality routes or acceleration out of his cuts. Slow to get his head around and find ball. Allows throws to get on top of him. Had three drops this season. Gives effort but not big enough or strong enough to block inline as NFL tight end.
							
2016	Taylor Fallin	2555297	OT	Memphis	NA	Big, wide frame with above-average arm length and hand size. Plays with pretty good technique in run game and can generate some movement due to his massive size. Cut pressures, quarterback knockdowns and sacks down from last season. Can anchor against bull rush. Able to recognize twists and has above-average instincts. Rarely off his feet and on the ground. Played with better discipline in 2015, cutting his holding penalties from six to one.
								Below-average athleticism. Sluggish long-<U+613C><U+3E64>stepper off the snap and onto second level. Will have issues sustaining blocks on linebackers. Plays with plodding feet and has difficulty changing direction in pass protection. Very susceptible to inside moves. Counter moves can own him. Lack of twitch limits hip snap and initial pop at point of attack. Hand placement needs work.
							
2016	Travis Feeney	2555298	OLB	Washington	Feeney made a name for himself with an outstanding senior year, as well as a memorable haircut. To pay tribute to people who he knew who passed away from breast cancer, including his aunt, Feeney had a pink-dyed awareness ribbon shape cut into his hair. It's not that he needed to do so to make himself known on campus, as he had already made an impact for the Huskies, being named the scout team Defensive MVP in 2011, honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick the following year (76 tackles, six for loss, four sacks), a nine-game starter and team Special Teams Player of the Year in 2014. His senior year was his best, however, as he replaced NFL draftee Hau'oil Kiahaha at the Buck position and earned second-team All-Pac-12 notice with 17.5 tackles for loss and eight sacks.	Production and consistency improved across the board. More confident, accurate tackler dropping his missed tackles from 11 (2014) to three this year. Rangy former safety who can cover ground in pursuit. Adequate lateral movement and uses hands to create separation from blockers. Uses arm<U+613C><U+3E64>-over as his go-to rush move. Competitive with an aggressive demeanor. Willing to mix it up. Able to stretch plays and push them towards sideline. 2015 team captain. Consistently productive over four years on coverage teams.
								Wiry frame produces very little speed-to-power potential as pass rusher. Spindly legs fail to hold their ground at point of attack. Won?t set a strong edge. Can be tilted due to lack of functional base. Doesn?t have the play strength to fight through redirect blocks. His elevated pad level and lean body type are usually indicators of inconsistent tackling on pro level. Has had multiple shoulder surgeries and issues 
with both shoulders that could red-flag him at the combine.
							
2016	Vernon Hargreaves	2555299	CB	Florida	Hargreaves carries the football genes of his father, Vernon II, who was on UConn's 100th anniversary's team and has coached linebackers and special teams for multiple schools (USF, Houston, Arkansas). He was the National Defensive Player of the Year by the Touchdown Club of Columbus as a senior high school, a finalist for the Florida Mr. Football award, and the Most Valuable Player of the Under Armour All-American game. So it was no surprise that he worked his way on the field as a true freshman, ranking among the leaders in the SEC with 14 passes defended, including three interceptions. Hargreaves not only earned first-team All-SEC honors in all three of his seasons in Gainesville, but also lined up multiple All-American honors in 2014 (three interceptions, 13 pass breakups) and 2015 (four interceptions, four pass break-ups) due to his playmaking ability. 	Premier, quick twitch athlete with explosion pulsing through his hips and feet. Instant click-<U+613C><U+3E64>and-close action to explode forward and attack the throw. Vertical springs to go up and over receivers at the high point. Smooth, controlled backpedal with ability to weave and mirror route progressions. Plays with outstanding body control and balance. Feet are electric. Can overwhelm lesser opponents across from him. Instinctive and urgent in his play. Excels from press, off or zone coverage. Fiery competitor with a strong desire to own the pass. Has quick, soft hands. Posted 38 passes defensed and 10 interceptions over last three years. Could see early kick or punt return action. Unwilling to stay blocked and doesn't hesitate for one moment in run support and against wide receiver screens. Chest-up tackler who runs through his target.
								Lean, wiry frame. Aggressive nature allows teams to bait him with double moves. Quicker than fast and doesn't have closing speed to make mistakes underneath and still recover on top. Allowed 16.5 yards per completion this season. Scouts worry about his height outside. Big receivers will pose a challenge on the next level. Had his two worst games of the season in SEC Championship game against Alabama and Citrus Bowl against Michigan. Willingness to throw body around in run support could cause him to break down.
							
2016	Victor Ochi	2555300	DE	Stony Brook	Ochi's a Long Island boy, growing up a stone's throw from JFK Airport in Valley Stream, and then moving on to Stony Brook University. Even though most college football fans haven't heard of the Stony Brook Seawolves, they should know Ochi's (o-chee) name. The New York all-state pick's college career began with a bang in his redshirt freshman season, starting five games, making 45 stops, 7.5 for loss, and one sack.  He harassed ball carriers in the backfield even more regularly as a sophomore (nine starts, 33 tackles, 10 for loss, 5.5 sacks) before starting his collection of postseason honors in 2014 by garnering first team All-Colonial Athletic Association honors (57 tackles, 16.5 TFL, 11 sacks). Ochi's ascension continued through his senior year, as he took home CAA Do-Defensive Player of the Year honors after leading the FCS with 13 sacks in the regular season (among 16.5 total tackles for loss) on a defense led the nation in fewest yards allowed.	Plays standing up or with a hand down. Sets a nasty edge with a thunderous punch that jars lower end competition. Constricts running lanes and looks to dive down the line of scrimmage to make tackles. Active, heavy tackler. Loves the game and plays with toughness. Able to decimate FCS tackles with punch, snatch and tug move that sends them to the ground. Will run right through soft-<U+613C><U+3E64>edge tackles on the way to hit the quarterback. Has long arms and gets adequate extension at point of attack. Holds Stony Brook records in tackles for loss and sacks.
								Smaller than desired for an edge defender. One-speed pass rusher who plays with square pads over shoulder turn and hip flip around the edge. Stiff mover in space. Ill equipped to drop in space or cover. Hand usage is somewhat basic. Pass rush lacks spontaneity and allows rep to play out rather than controlling it with counter moves. Snap anticipation and recognition of play flow needs to speed up. Level of competition was substantially below the NFL level.
							
2016	Blake Frohnapfel	2555301	QB	Massachusetts	With Rakeem Cato eating up playing time at Marshall, Frohnapfel (pronounced FROH-nap-ul) decided to head to Massachusetts for his final two seasons. He excelled in his first year as a starter, earning first team All-Mid-American Conference recognition after throwing for 3,345 yards and 23 touchdowns despite missing the final two games of the year with an ankle injury. But NFL teams didn?t see much improvement in his consistency or accuracy in his final campaign (55.1 completion percentage in 2014, 56.4 in 2015) and his 16-13 TD-to-INT ratio last season kept him off all-conference teams.	Tremendous size and overall build for the position. Tall enough to see over the offensive line and has the thickness of frame to hold up physically. Senses pressure and slides around in pocket to open space. Showed poise dealing with poor snaps, yet staying on schedule. Won't drop his eyes when rush is in his face. Decent weight transfer and follow through into his throws. Can drop a Cover<U+613C><U+3E64> 2 throw in the bucket.
								Poor production with just 16 touchdown passes in 529 dropbacks. Threw entirely too many interceptions in the red zone. Stares down targets with white-hot intensity drawing a road map for linebackers to run right into interceptions. Makes too many decisions based on pre-snap alignment rather than post-snap reads. Plodding setup in the pocket and has a small windup leading into his slow release. Arm strength is nothing special. Doesn't have the escapability from the pocket. Poor accuracy on deep throws (25.9 percent).
							
2016	Brandon Doughty	2555302	QB	Western Kentucky	Doughty put up one of the most productive back-to-back season passing performances in college football history the past two seasons. He was the Conference USA MVP in both 2014 and 2015, and won the 2014 Sammy Baugh Award winner as the nation's top quarterback while finishing as a finalist for the Manning Award for his senior season. He passed for 4,830 yards and 49 touchdowns as a junior while only throwing 10 picks in 552 attempts. Doughty followed that by leading the Hilltoppers to a C-USA crown and leading the FBS in passing yards (5,055) and touchdowns (48) for the second straight year. He also led the nation in completion percentage, finding his target 71.9 percent of the time. Doughty was in uniform at WKU for six seasons, receiving a sixth year from the NCAA due to losing most of the 2011 and 2012 seasons due to injury.	When he feels protected, can play a confident and intelligent brand of football. Strong understanding of the system and his options against every coverage. Reads safeties well and is willing to attack the deep middle. Comes in with a pre<U+613C><U+3E64>-snap plan. Throws catchable ball with good touch. Able to play pitch and catch when he's in rhythm. Can drop a deep ball in the bucket with good air under it. Works through progressions and isn't a "Checkdown Charlie." Hits receivers in stride on vertical throws.
								Lacking NFL-caliber arm strength. Doesn't have enough zip to challenge cornerbacks on field side throws. Will have to learn to live off of timing throws to compensate for lack of velocity. Can be rattled in the pocket and will throw without feet being set rather than sliding around in the pocket. LSU game got too big for him. Appeared to lose confidence and began rushing throws and footwork fell apart. Doesn't have athleticism to escape the rush or make plays with his legs.
							
2016	Cory James	2555303	OLB	Colorado St.	One of the more consistent playmakers in the country over the past four years, James has flown under the radar a bit playing in Fort Collins for the Rams. He received well-deserved recognition after his senior year, as Mountain West coaches voted him second-team All-Conference as he had double-digit tackles for loss (10 of 65 tackles, with two sacks) for the third time in four seasons as a starter. James was named a Freshman All-American by the Football Writers Association of America (54 stops, 10.5 for loss, 7.5 sacks) and produced in both his sophomore (60 tackles, 12 for loss, eight sacks) and junior (51 tackles, 8.5 for loss, 6.5 sacks) seasons. 	Used as an edge rusher in obvious passing downs during his time at Colorado State. Rushes with upfield burst and is able to dip and bend under the arc to attack the passer. Made switch to middle linebacker in this year and improved along the way. Athletic in space and accelerates into his tackles. Flashes awareness needed to weave under traffic and find running backs.
								Raw with technique in the middles. Struggled to understand proper leverage to the sideline. Inconsistent in his play following a splash play with a mental mistake. Will make a wrong read and lose his run fit. Slow to drop into space in coverage. Needs to play with a decisive punch to stay separated from blockers and keep from being engulfed. Play strength is average.
							
2016	Cory Johnson	2555304	DT	Kentucky	Johnson signed with Temple coming out of high school, but decided to follow the junior college path instead. He starred at tiny ASA College in Brooklyn, New York, earning All-Conference notice for his 15 tackles for loss and 4.5 sacks as a sophomore. Johnson signed with Kentucky instead of Miami or Texas Tech, and his game proved SEC-worthy. He played as a reserve in 2014 (10 tackles, four for loss, 2.5 sacks) before taking a starting role last season (67 stops, eight for loss, two sacks). One of the highlights of the 2015 college football season was watching Johnson return a fumble 77 yards for a score.	Good lateral quickness to fight against secure blocks and get to the play <U+613C><U+3E64>side. Able to shuffle down the line in pace with the play. Had two double-digit tackle games. Plays with squared shoulders. Has upper body twitch. Flashes upfield quickness as a penetrator. Shows potential as interior pass rusher with quality motor and compact rip move.
								Has just one season of full-time SEC work under his belt. Has short legs and long torso. Instincts are a work in progress. Fooled by zone read and play-action and can be slow to find the football. Raw with hand usage at point of attack. Needs to learn to punch and extend for improved ability to come off blocks. Loses one-on-one matchups against power.
							
2016	Cre'von LeBlanc	2555305	CB	Florida Atlantic	D'Joun Smith played on the other side of the field from LeBlanc in 2014, and was picked in the early third round by Indianapolis -- despite his talent, he was often challenged by opposing quarterbacks. Why? Because LeBlanc was just as tough to throw against. Former FAU head coach Carl Pelini said LeBlanc was recruited specifically for his versatility as a cover man/run stopper/blitzer. Given the production the FAU Defensive MVP and second team All-Conference USA corner put up despite being "the man" as a senior (four interceptions, seven pass break-ups), it won't be surprising if the Owls find one of their corners picked in the third round for the second straight year.	Stocky, muscular build. Plays with exceptionally strong hands clutching and challenging receivers from press. Allowed just 34.5 percent completion rate in 2015. Impressive mirror and match footwork to stick to his targets and stay in position to make plays on the ball. Aggressive in coverage and competes hard at the top of the route against physical receivers. Quick twitch athlete with explosive hips to leap and defend 50/50 throws. Has kick return ability.
								Too small to play outside. Doesn't have desired recovery speed if beaten over the top. Lack of top-end speed and length could create substantial issues defending deep throws. Can be forced out of the way in run support by big<U+613C><U+3E64>-bodied receivers with good arm extension. Relies too heavily on grabbing and holding when routes stem.
							
2016	David Morgan	2555306	TE	Texas-San Antonio	UTSA has only had a football program for five years, and only been a full-fledged member of the FBS for two years. So it was a bit of a surprise when Morgan was named a second-team All-American and second-team All-Conference USA selection 2015, finishing among the leading tight ends in the country with 45 receptions for 566 yards and five scores while also showing a willingness to block. Morgan did flash talent early in his career, catching 13 passes for 214 yards and two touchdowns, mostly as a reserve, in 2011. Morgan redshirted the following year due to injury and managed just seven catches for 69 yards in his return in 2013. He earned honorable mention All-Conference USA recognition as a junior, nabbing 20 passes for 255 yards and a score while missing more time with another injury. 	Go-<U+613C><U+3E64>to target for his team and handled the workload and responsibilities with confidence. Very sure hands. If he has space, he's going to secure the catch regardless of hits coming. Plays bigger than listed size. Has instincts and determination to block. Centers his target and works his feet through contact to secure blocks. Former high school basketball player with leaping ability and plus body control. Used in jump-ball situations and was often the winner. Moved around the field and has the blocking ability and intelligence to be a fullback or H-back candidate as a pro.
								Flagged seven times including two holding penalties and four false starts. Half-strider whose feet look like they barely leave the ground when he runs. Gets into his routes with heavy feet. Tight hips prevent him from stemming routes sharply to create separation. Pronounced movement gives route progression away early. Doesn't have the deep speed to back defenders off of him and is forced to make a living with contested catches.
							
2016	Devante Bond	2555307	OLB	Oklahoma	It took Bond's career a while to get going, but the flashes he showed while playing in Norman gave NFL scouts something to think about. He didn't start playing football until his senior year of high school, and then went to Sierra Community College for two years where he was the conference Defensive MVP with 27 tackles for losss, 17 sacks in just 11 games. He wanted to sign with the Miami Hurricanes for the 2013 season, but he was one course short of reaching academic eligibility so he did not play at all that fall. Enrolling at OU in January, he parlayed his spring work into a strong role in 2014, starting three games a outside linebacker (29 tackles, four for loss).  His senior year didn't live up to expectations, as an ankle injury caused him to miss four games. Bond did start five games, though, racking up 43 tackles, seven for loss and three sacks.	Shows ability to shed blocker with quick, active hands and arm<U+613C><U+3E64>-over move. Plays with good body control and very little wasted motion. Reacts quickly to what his eyes tell him. Takes coaching and builds on it. When run flows away from him, will immediately squeeze on the backside and look to limit cutback lanes. Not a plus athlete but has the low center of gravity and feet to transition movement quickly when change of direction is needed. Plays with consistent effort. Adequate in zone coverage and actively looks to limit passing windows.
								At times, gets caught drifting away from oncoming linemen and opening door for running back to zip through vacated area. Inconsistent at recognizing bootlegs and play-action passes. Has best intentions of setting edge, but can get swallowed up pushed off the spot by big, inline tight ends. Average athleticism with pedestrian speed in space. Lack of length and twitch may limit his playmaking when ball run right at him in the pros. Man coverage could be a challenge against speedy targets.
							
2016	James Cowser	2555308	DE	Southern Utah	One of the most productive players in the Football Championship Subdivision in 2014 (28.5 tackles for loss, 11.5 sacks in 2014), Cowser used strong hands and a great motor to beat tackles again in his senior campaign (19 tackles for loss, 13 sacks, four forced fumbles). In fact, he set FCS records for career sacks (42.5) and tackles for loss (80) last season, his second straight season garnering All-American notice from the Walter Camp Foundation, the Associated Press, and other outlets. Cowser is a bit older than the typical draft prospect because he redshirted at SUU in 2009 before heading to a two-year LDS church mission. Combining that maturity with strength, intensity and production makes for an intriguing prospect.	Has a high<U+613C><U+3E64>-end motor that never stops. FCS Defensive Player of the Year. Active pass rusher with quick hands and welltimed hand swipes at the top of his rush. Rushes from both ends and has a tight, basketball spin move from either direction that puts him in position to win. Quick second and third steps for darting inside moves. Sheds with proper timing to make the tackle. Studious in classroom and film room.
								Funky body type with relatively thin limbs, but broad hips. Play speed masks a lack of twitch and explosiveness. Feet gather and stall before leaving the starting blocks or changing directions. Limited stride length to gain ground as rusher off the line of scrimmage. Unsettled feet at point of attack lead to balance battles. Needs to set edge with a wider base for greater power and control.
							
2016	Jared Dangerfield	2555309	WR	Western Kentucky	Dangerfield is proud of his football accomplishments, but even more proud of his late father, who was among the first responders at the World Trade Center on 9/11. David Dangerfield passed away from a heart attack in 2009, but would be equally proud of his son for his efforts on the gridiron. It didn't take long for the younger Dangerfield (6-3, 200) to adjust to the Hilltoppers' offense as a transfer from Fort Scott Community College; he was voted second-team All-Conference USA after grabbing 69 passes for 825 yards and 11 touchdowns. Dangerfield was a crucial part of the HIlltoppers' potent offense in 2015, as well, garnering honorable mention C-USA honors with 82 catches for 844 yards and eight scores. 	Big and physical inside his routes. Uses a well placed push to free himself from grabby cornerbacks. Muscular legs allow him to drag tacklers for extra yardage after the catch. Decent footwork to free himself against press coverage. Can adjust to throws behind him and stretch and catch throws out in front. Has the size and aggressiveness to be effective blocker in run game. Consistent red-zone production for consecutive years.
								Below average athleticism. Stiff route<U+613C><U+3E64>-runner with dull feet and not much shake to get cornerbacks leaning. Missing the juice to free himself out of his breaks. Slow downfield and can't get over the top of cornerbacks. Focus drops were an issue this year with nine drops. Shows some balance issues in routes and after the catch.
							
2016	Jaylon Smith	2555310	OLB	Notre Dame	Heading into the Fiesta Bowl, Smith was considered one of the best defenders in the country and a sure-fire elite prospect in the 2016 NFL Draft. He tore the ACL and MCL in his left knee during the team?s loss to Ohio State, however, placing some doubt on whether he would apply for early entry. The 2015 consensus All-American decided he had done enough in his college career, however, deciding to put his name in the hat despite the intense rehabilitation ahead of him. Smith became the second player to win both the high school and college Butkus Awards as the nation?s top linebacker, joining former Notre Dame star Manti Te'o, by leading the Irish with 113 tackles, nine of which went for losses. It was the second straight season Smith topped the defensive stats chart in tackles (112) and made nine TFLs. In his first year on campus, Smith started all 13 games, making 67 stops, 6.5 for loss. It is expected that Smith will bounce back from his knee surgery to become the athletic, explosive defender that wowed scouts over the past three years.	Angular, sinewy build with a body fat number you could count on one hand. Checks every size, weight, speed and athleticism box there is. Can sink hips and change direction with suddenness in space. Has length and quickness for extended playmaking radius. Racked up 225 tackles over his last two seasons as a starter. Lightning quick lateral scrapes from gap to gap following track of the ball. Able to transition from scrape to spring seamlessly. Has a turbo boost to race running backs to the corner. Tries to meet oncoming blocks with physical punch and desired arm extension to stay clean. Adequate speed to diagnose and respond. Play speed is elite for the position. Very talented in man coverage. Asked to take on challenging man coverage responsibilities and responded. Has tools to become an excellent blitzer.
								Tackles for loss production doesn't match up with his traits. Too passive in his approach preferring to wait on plays rather than racing downhill to own them. Not strong enough at point of attack to maintain balance and positioning when blockers get into his frame. Understands angles to the ball, but still learning shortcuts through the gaps. Flies after the ball with reckless abandon failing to come to balance as a tackler. Has habit of lunging into arm tackles rather than using feet to work into better tackling position. Missed 11 tackles this year. Tore ACL and MCL in his bowl game and his rookie season is in doubt.
							
2016	Jerell Adams	2555311	TE	South Carolina	Adams took over as the primary target after Rory Anderson went down with an injury in 2014 and excelled, using his height and strider's speed to finish with 21 catches for 279 yards and one score on the year. Even in a year in which the Gamecocks struggled to move the ball through the air (they ranked in the bottom quarter of the FBS), he set career highs with 28 catches for 421 yards and three touchdowns. The former star high school basketball player has the physical skills to excel as a receiver and blocker in the NFL.	Plays with good foot quickness inside his routes. Able to go up top and snare high throws with his long arms. Has the play speed and vertical feel to attack the seam and split Cover 2 safeties. Competes hard after the catch as a runner using jukes and spin moves to elude tacklers. Averaged 6.9 yards after catch. Looks spindly on the hoof, but buys into his role as a blocker. Can lock on and sustain a block longer than expected and was used in pass pro. Good teammate and well<U+613C><U+3E64>-liked in the locker room.
								Has decent straight line speed but isn't overly athletic. Upright into his routes and doesn?t offer much bend in and out of his breaks. Doesn't show much acceleration for separation out of his cuts. Hands are a little stiff and will fight some throws. Limited flexibility and unable to consistently adjust to poorly thrown balls. Off-target throws stay off-target.
							
2016	Noah Spence	2555312	DE	Eastern Kentucky	Spence's talent is unquestioned, but his judgement off the field will be foremost on the minds of NFL scouts as they evaluate him for the 2016 draft.  A first-team All-Big Ten pick for Ohio State in 2013 as a sophomore, Spence ran into trouble for failing two drug tests. After being permanently banned from the Big Ten for the failed test, he underwent treatment for an addiction to Ecstasy. Instead of leaving for the 2015 draft, Spence decided to transfer to Eastern Kentucky to get his degree and to prove to himself and scouts that he had matured. It appears he made the right choice, racking up 22.5 tackles for loss, with 13.5 sacks for the Colonels to become a AP FCS All-American. At his size, Spence could play end or linebacker in the NFL, giving him a chance to succeed wherever he winds up -- if his life off the field is in order.	Plays with a big motor and tremendous endurance. Had eight-sack season as a sophomore at Ohio State. Plays at same speed throughout the game. Good upfield burst. Has played with hand in the ground and standing. Won't give away leverage by engaging too early in pass rush. Has solid speed to the edge with a strong rip move at the top of his rush to turn the corner. Takes good angles around the rush arc. Quick lateral slide down the line to restrict running lanes. Plays with a sense of desperation when the ball is in his area. Eludes lead blockers and cut <U+613C><U+3E64>blocks. Pursues around the field looking to scoop up tackles. Dominated his level of competition with 11.5 sacks, 22.5 tackles for loss and 63 tackles over 11 games. Scouts call him an intelligent person and player. Has had success fighting through adversity and has renewed sense of urgency on and off the field as well as a sense of accountability. Former head coach Urban Meyer helped get Spence a second chance because he believes Spence is high character but made mistakes.
								Not as long or tall as teams like at defensive end. Needs to develop more strength at point of attack. Can be bumped of his grass and widened out against run. Average hand usage against the run. Doesn't play with violent punch and control at point of attack. Didn't vary pass rush approach much and just average with speed to power. Ability to win on high side will be countered by NFL tackles. Will have to develop a counter underneath. Good athlete, but not great twitch for sudden change of direction. At times is too easy to find for blockers. Treated for drug addiction and banned for life from Big Ten after failed drug tests in 2013 and 2014. Arrested in May of 2015 for alcohol intoxication and second-degree disorderly conduct, but incident was expunged from record after community service.
							
2016	Juston Burris	2555313	CB	N.C. State	Burris has been an excellent performer, physical and reliable, since his redshirt freshman season for the Wolfpack. The defensive back made five starts at the nickel spot that first year, playing in every game and intercepting three passes on the year (also with 43 tackles, eight pass break-ups.) In year two, Burris became a full-time starter (53 tackles, interception, 11 PBU). His stats dropped a bit in his junior year (29 tackles, one INT, five PBU) but rebounded a bit in 2015 (38 tackles, three TFL, one INT, seven PBU).  	Good size and weight for a cornerback. Allowed just 34.1 percent completion rate with eight passes defensed. Played press and off man. Plays with smooth backpedal and good route recognition. Has the twitch to spring into action and attack at the catch point. Uses length as disruptive tactic from press. Fluid hips and shows ability to blanket underneath. Allowed just one touchdown in 44 targets. Competitor who doesn't back down from physical challenges. Steps downhill against the run and is willing to sacrifice his body to contain. Runs through blockers on his way to support the run and is a quality tackler with no broken tackles allowed all season.
								Relies on his length and height on deep throws over long speed. Has a high center of gravity. Struggled to maintain his base and was knocked off balance from press against Clemson. Can be too quick to declare to outside and give away separation back inside. Long, overlapping strides in mirror technique make functional change of direction a challenge. Penalized six times this season including four pass interference calls.
							
2016	Mike Rose	2555314	DE	N.C. State	One of the more under-appreciated players outside of the Carolinas, Rose received well-deserved consensus second team All-ACC honors in 2015. He started every game for the Wolfpack, making 51 tackles, leading the squad with 15 tackles for loss, 10.5 sacks, and forcing two fumbles for the second straight year. Rose had led the team in tackles for loss with 15 in 2014 (46 stops overall), as well, racking up five sacks in the process. As a part-time starter (four games in the middle of the year) as a sophomore, Rose had four TFLs and two sacks. He made an impact as a redshirt freshman on special teams, blocking a punt against Florida State that led to the game-winning touchdown in the team's upset win over the Seminoles.  	Big, power end who isn't easily moved. Forced two fumbles, recovered one and applied 37 pressures as a pass rusher this year. Uses aggressive, powerful swipes to bat a tackle's punch away and soften the edge to turn the corner. Hustle player who keeps playing and migrating towards the ball.
								Operates with slow twitch and is easy to find for blockers. Plays with rolling, rounded movements rather than sudden, crisp actions. Has pad level issues when moving vertically or twisting and gets knocked off course. Doesn't come off the snap with enough quickness or fire. Takes entirely too long to disengage and get after the play.
							
2016	Miles Killebrew	2555315	SS	Southern Utah	It?s easy to mistake Killebrew for a linebacker, both because of his physique but also due to his hard hits. The four-year starter earned All-Big Sky recognition in each season: honorable mention in 2012 and 2013, second team in 2014, and first team in 2015. Killebrew reached the triple-digit mark in tackles the past two seasons (101 in 2014, 132 in 2015) and also showed an ability to handle his pass coverage responsibilities each year (three interceptions, one for a touchdown in 2014, seven pass break-ups in 2015). Killebrew was also named second team All-Big Sky last year after blocking two kicks. Special teams acumen and defensive productivity should earn him similar grades to FCS star safety Jaquiski Tartt (Samford), who was picked in the third round of the 2015 draft. 	Tightly bundled muscle hammer with a compact frame and the thighs of a track sprinter. World-class form tackler with bad intentions behind his strikes. Patient and willing to wait until he's in proper range before exploding with everything he has into his victim. Confident around the line of scrimmage and uses aggressive hands to keep himself clean. Will not flinch in the face of contact and has the frame to be considered as a hybrid linebacker on the pro level. Relied upon to line secondary up and get defense situated.
								Instincts are very average. Needs to see it first and then can be a step slow to respond. Doesn't anticipate run direction as well as he needs to. Lack of instincts hinders range in coverage. Has a tendency to eyeball quarterback and lose track of route development around him. Has a verified 4.43 time from the spring in the 40-yard dash, but play speed doesn't always match that. Could be limited to box duties.
							
2016	Paxton Lynch	2555316	QB	Memphis	Lynch was lost a bit in the recruiting process after sitting out half of his senior season due to a knee injury suffered in the preseason, allowing Memphis head coach Justin Fuente to nab the Florida product from the under the noses of in-state schools. He redshirted his first year on campus, but then stepped in to become a three-year starter for Fuente. Lynch went through some ups and downs in his first year as a starter, throwing nine touchdowns against 10 interceptions and completing just 58 percent of his passes for about 2,000 yards in 2013. He improved greatly as a sophomore, leading his team to a 10-win season and American Athletic Conference championship. He received second team All-AAC honors that season by completing 63 percent of his passes for 3,031 yards and 22 scores.  Lynch exploded onto the national scene during his junior year, garnering a Manning Award finalist nod, first team All-ACC honors, and team MVP after leading the Tigers to an 8-0 start before the team struggled down the stretch losing to Navy, Houston, and Temple. During the team?s hot streak, Lynch beat SEC foe Ole Miss with a 39-for-53, 386-yard, three-touchdown performance. But the next time he faced a SEC defense, Auburn took him to task in the Birmingham Bowl, forcing him to complete just 16 of 37 pass attempts for a measly 106 yards and an interception. Despite finishing the season on a down note, the departure of Fuente for Virginia Tech and positive accolades received from the NFL scouting community led Lynch to take his talents to the next level.	Very tall, athletic body with ability to scan over the top. Elite foot quickness for a tall quarterback. Can maneuver quickly out of a busy pocket and away from trouble, but desires to keep passing option alive. Sets up in the pocket quickly and generally keeps feet "throw ready". More functional scrambler than "tuck and run" quarterback. Sacked just 15 times over 477 drop backs. Able to win with his feet when he needs to. Has a quick release to overcome his slight wind<U+613C><U+3E64>-up. Has enough arm to drive the ball into restricted windows. Has enough arm to attack downfield while on the move. Makes good decisions. Rarely takes the cheese when cornerbacks try and bait him. Displays qualities of a field leader and isn't easy to rattle. Yards per attempt have exploded over his last two years. Can gain chunk yards as zone-read quarterback and will appeal to boot-action teams. Will be challenging to defend in the red area. Took better care of the football cutting turnovers down from 16 last season to just four this year. Completed 54.6 percent on intermediate throws (1120) and 44.9 percent on deep balls (21-plus yards) including 19 touchdowns and just two interceptions.
								Needs to improve ball placement for catch-and-run throws. Inability to throw with desired accuracy on the move forced him to leave yards and plays on the field. Must learn to better anticipate routes and stay ahead in the rep. Doesn't quite have the quickness through progressions that he will need in the pros. Has to learn to move defenders around with his eyes to open throwing lanes. At times, crowds targets against the sideline. Needs to stop babying play-action passes and cut them loose. Consistency of arm strength has been overstated. Inconsistent weight transfer in delivery forces him to muscle some throws. Perimeter throws lack velocity and will nosedive on him. His ball comes out with wobble and isn?t always the most catchable. Touch throws over inside linebackers needs work.
							
2016	Tajae Sharpe	2555317	WR	Massachusetts	This tall, lean receiver presents problems for defenses on short, intermediate, and deep routes. The two-time first-team All-MAC pick caught 85 passes for 1,281 yards and seven touchdowns in his junior year, setting up big expectations for 2015. He exceeded those expectations, winning second team All-American honors from the Walter Camp Foundation by leading the nation with 9.3 receptions per game (total of 111) and ranking sixth in yards per game (109.9-yard average). Sharpe also finished his career catching a pass in every game he played for the Minutemen. 	Has staccato footwork that works in his favor. Able to shake press coverage and get into routes quickly. Gets to top speed quickly. Plus route-<U+613C><U+3E64>runner with athleticism to sink hips and break routes off sharply. Can stutter, shift and sell complex routes to create doubt in cornerbacks. Worked outside and from slot and hit on almost the entire route tree. Reliable target who drew double teams. Scouts love his humble personality and eagerness to take coaching and get better. Supple hands are automatic when he has room to catch it. Has improved football IQ under current head coach and former NFL coach, Mark Whipple.
								Narrow frame needs more muscle and overall play strength. Without a clean release, can be slowed or completely redirected by press. Average in contested catch situations. Needs to get better at using body effectively to shield the catch and create space. Long speed not overly threatening. Can't break tackles to maximize run after catch potential.
							
2016	Trevon Coley	2555318	DT	Florida Atlantic	NA	Team captain who is generally quiet, but who became a more vocal leader in 2015. Named team MVP. Coaches praise him for his practice habits and energy. Outstanding tackle production with 118 over the last two seasons. Good play quickness off the snap and intensity cranks up when he senses an opening through a gap. Able to fight through redirect blocks once he gets into a blocker's edge. Active pass rusher.
								Short, puffed up frame. Came in as a 235 linebacker and has stacked weight onto his frame. Doesn't have the length or frame to hold up when game comes downhill at him. Must live in the gaps or big offensive linemen can overtake him. Needs to win early in pass rush or his momentum fizzles out.
							
2016	Darien Harris	2555319	OLB	Michigan St.	The son of a former Virginia Tech running back, Harris decided to take his talents to the other side of the ball. After two years as a special teams ace, head coach Mark D'Antonio plugged Harris in at the Star linebacker spot  in 2014 (48 tackles, 3.5 for loss, interception, two forced fumbles). Harris returned there in a third team All-Big Ten senior year (coaches, honorable mention by media), overcoming a lack of bulk with quickness and tenacious hitting. He racked up 90 tackles, nine for loss, and three pass deflections as a senior, finishing strong with 17 stops, 3.5 for loss, between the Big Ten Championship Game win over Iowa and the loss to Alabama in the Cotton Bowl.	Plays with good football intelligence and plus instincts. Diagnoses play quickly and races to get to his spot. Good play speed and is willing to take shots downhill into the gaps from the backside. Used in man coverage and has some basic cover skills. Has good downhill quickness and gets his body into the fray. Shows ability to anticipate play direction and play type. 


								Small and skinny for even a weak-side linebacker spot. Has very little play strength and needs a posse to come help tackle at times. Has to work too hard to disengage from blocking wide receivers. Downhill charge gets stopped dead in its tracks if he doesn?t find a gap. Change of direction is just average for a smaller, athletic player. 

							
2016	Aaron Wallace	2555320	OLB	UCLA	Wallace didn't get to experience a lot of his father's professional career, as the former Oakland Raiders' second-round pick left his job as an NFL linebacker when his son was only five years old. However, the younger Aaron obviously carries the family athleticism genes -- though he didn't really get to show his wares until his senior year with the Bruins. His senior year of high school was disappointing, as he couldn?t play  due to torn ankle ligaments. After a redshirt year at UCLA, he played in 23 games as a reserve in 2012 and 2013, totaling eight tackles. Wallace saw the field a bit more regularly as a junior, starting one contest and making 19 tackles. He didn't earn a starting job coming out of fall camp in 2015, but injuries in the linebacker corps gave him a chance, and he took advantage. Wallace garnered honorable mention All-Pac-12 credentials, making 65 stops, 12.5 for loss and seven sacks on the year, getting on NFL scouts? radars.	Well<U+613C><U+3E64>-built with good muscular definition. Slightly pigeon-toed with explosive burst upfield to threaten tackles. Quick-twitch athlete. Plus lateral quickness and good knee bend in his play. Has enough juice to be a true edge rusher. Can dip and trim the corner with a tight turn. Finished this season with seven sacks and 17 pressures despite playing less than 60 percent of the snaps. Holds a solid edge against tackles and has the strength and potential to own tight ends at point of attack. Shows agility in space to cover. Has experience as 3-4 rush linebacker and 4-3 WILL and SAM. Showed massive improvement over the course of the season. Was playing his best football at the end of the year.
								One-year starter. His play is more thinking than reacting at this time. Lacks experience and instincts to cut it loose and play at full throttle. Needs to play fast all the time. Can learn to strike with more authority as a tackler. Will get fooled by play-action and can be slow to find the ball after the mesh point. Technique needs work taking on split zone blockers and pulling guards. In need of more violent punch and shed approach to disengage. Must improve at leveraging his gap from 4-3 looks.
							
2016	Antonio Longino	2555321	ILB	Arizona State	Like many NFL draft prospects, Longino grew up in a tough atmosphere for success. His East Cleveland neighborhood was rough, and his seven older brothers were caught up in the mix, some spending time in jail. His prowess on the football field earned him a trip to Hutchinson Community College, where he redshirted one season and showed enough talent (56 tackles, six for loss, in seven games) to be a top junior college recruit for the 2013 season. That year he was a reserve linebacker and special teamer (six tackles in eight games), but snapped up a starting role as a junior in 2013. His 17-tackle performance in the Sun Bowl that year (he had 94 for the year, 5.5 for loss) portended an outstanding senior year. Longino won the team's Defensive MVP award, as well as honorable mention All-Pac-12 recognition from league coaches (second-team All-Pac-12 from media) by leading the squad with 22.5 tackles for loss and 11 sacks. He tied for the top TFL per game mark in the FBS with 1.7. 	Extremely active even after being blocked initially. Plays with hustle and works until the whistle blows. Productive 2015 with 11 sacks and 22.5 stuffs to go with two forced fumbles. Has a decent spin move in his rush game. Blitzed and stunted from all along the defensive front and has a talent for timing snaps.
								Play strength on the edge is below the NFL minimum. Unable to hold up at the point of attack. Found himself being driven off the line of scrimmage to open massive rushing lanes. Mechanical mover without sudden, athletic twitch. Lacking a quality, upfield burst. Poor job of controlling point of attack with a strong punch. Allows blockers into his frame.
							
2016	Darron Lee	2555322	OLB	Ohio St.	Lee's never been short on confidence, proclaiming to teammates that he was the one to take over for 2014 first-round pick Ryan Shazier in the Buckeyes' defense -- even though he was only a year removed from starring as a quarterback and cornerback in high school. He wound up starting all 15 games in that redshirt freshman year for the national champion Buckeyes, earning multiple Freshman All-American accolades with 81 tackles, 16.5 tackles for loss and 7.5 sacks. Lee truly hit the national stage by terrorizing Alabama in the Sugar Bowl, receiving Defensive MVP honors with seven tackles, three for loss, and two sacks. His play as a sophomore was just as good, tracking down ball carriers 66 times, 11 for a loss and 4.5 sacks on his way to second-team All-Big Ten accolades from league coaches (third team media).  	Quick to diagnose and flow to the ball. Has unusual ability to find the most efficient routes to the ball. Has athleticism and flexibility to contort his body and succeed through difficult tackle angles. Plays with loose hips, quick feet and desired agility of an NFL weak-side linebacker. Former high school quarterback with the change of direction and speed to be a rangy playmaker. Comfortable in space and excels there. Has plus man cover talent. Willing to stand in and take on blockers with a leveraged strike if his gap is being threatened. Capable gap blitzer with ability to get skinny through the holes.
								Smallish linebacker. Play strength doesn't come close to matching puffed up listed weight. Balance issues at point of attack could plague him over his NFL career. Has the body type of a big safety. Tape shows few authoritative tackles. Involved in too many arm and shoestring tackles. Comes flying in and fails to come to balance at times. Charged with 21 missed and five broken tackles over the last two seasons. Always at size disadvantage and will have to learn to slip more blocks. Can get better at finding targets in zone coverage.
							
2016	Elijah Shumate	2555323	S	Notre Dame	Even though Shumate was one of the top recruits nationally in his class, it took an injury to Austin Collinsworth just prior to the 2014 season opener for Shumate to receive a starting spot. He showed enough flashes during his junior year, such as his 13-tackle performance against USC at the end of the regular season and big hits in the Music City Bowl, to have scouts quite interested in his potential. Shumate's senior year didn?t have a lot of big moments but he did start 12 of 13 games, making 70 tackles, 6.5 for loss, intercepting one pass and breaking up two others in a solid season for the Irish.	Has the desired build for a box safety. Physical, willing defender. Shows some straight line speed. Plays with good closing speed to the sideline against the run. Shows no hesitation to come down into the box and support the run. Clicks the accelerator and fires into his hits when he gets the chance. Has cover value on special teams.
								Extremely rigid in his backpedal and plays with paralyzing hip stiffness when it is time to open up and cover against the deep ball. Man coverage is not his thing. Has blinders on and becomes too obsessed with his immediate responsibility rather than surveying the play. At times, comes in too hot and misses the tackle. Not very instinctive or natural with some of the angles he takes to the play.
							
2016	Joe Bolden	2555324	ILB	Michigan	This senior captain brings toughness and instinctive play to every game. Bolden's play in the middle has been solid since he won Big Ten All-Freshman team accolades (31 tackles, four for loss) in his first year on campus. As a junior, he racked up 102 tackles, four for loss, and that followed that performance with  an honorable mention All-Big Ten senior campaign. Bolden, a co-captain, led the Wolverines with 83 tackles last season, 6.5 for loss. 	Productive tackler over the last two years including a 102-tackle season in 2014. Square scraper and keeps a close watch on the ball carrier. Flows to his run fit but reacts back inside if the running back cuts it back. Emotional leader on the team. Punches oncoming linemen from a position of leverage and gets hip roll and arm extension into his lick.
								Short limbs and an average body type. Has stiffness in his lower body and doesn?t run with speed. Lacks reactive athleticism for functional movement on the NFL level. Allowed three broken tackles and 11 missed tackles in 2015. Body completely stalls out before responding on bootleg play<U+613C><U+3E64>action. Attempts to mirror runner as he scrapes but lacks the acceleration to leverage against the sideline. Very slow in his drops into space.
							
2016	Jonathan Jones	2555325	CB	Auburn	Although some NFL teams won't draft a cornerback under 5-10 because of the height and speed of today's star receivers, Jones' athleticism (110-meter hurdles national high school champion) and play the past two seasons will certainly make someone take a chance on his talent. He earned second-team All-SEC notice as a junior, ranking among the nation's leaders with six interceptions and 17 passes defended in his first year as a starter for the Tigers. He might have received the nod in 2013, but suffered a broken bone before the season and wasn?t quite up to the challenge physically. Jones started all 13 games as a senior, though, making 69 stops, intercepting one pass, and breaking up 13 others. 	Has the foot quickness and fluid hips for smooth transitions from press coverage. Can open up and match quickness with quickness. Looks to make plays outside of his area. Former high school sprinter and hurdles champion. Able to carry long speed stride for stride. Man cover specialist with springy feet and ability to shadow his man. Usually near the throw. Has closing burst and ball skills to be aggressively disruptive at the catch point. Finds the deep ball and gets his head around to challenge. Finished 2014 with 16 passes defensed and six interceptions. Much better instincts underneath or in man coverage.
								Miscast in zone and off coverage. Allows much cushion for pitch-<U+613C><U+3E64>and-catch throws. No getting around his lack of size. Beaten up by physicality of LSU in run support. Unable to unhinge quickly from big receivers and makes too many tackles down the field. Has endured a rash of injuries including a broken ankle in 2013, a pulled hamstring in the 2014 BCS Championship game and foot surgery in the summer of 2015.
							
2016	Joshua Perry	2555326	ILB	Ohio St.	Perry gained respect from Big Ten coaches for his play as a senior, garnering first team All-Big Ten notice with 105 tackles, 7.5 for loss and three sacks. He also received honors for his leadership and character, being named an all-state AFCA All-Good Works Team member, as well as a finalist for the Lott IMPACT, Senior CLASS Award, and the Wuerffel Trophy. The Buckeyes' leading tackler in 2014 (124, 8.5 for loss, three sacks) earned honorable mention All-Big Ten honors in his second year as a starter (he had 64 tackles, two for loss the previous year). Though not a highly recruited player like many on head coach Urban Meyer's squad, Perry's list of national honors speaks volumes about his willingness to do what it takes to get the job done.	Noted leader on the field and in the locker room. Winner who is willing to do the dirty work. Big and physical and has the strength and grit to handle himself at point of attack. Productive tackler with good finishing rate. Wrap up tackler who throws his chest into it. Allowed just one broken tackle over last two years. Has old<U+613C><U+3E64>-school thumper's mentality in the box. Well-conditioned and continues to bring his lunch pail into the fourth quarter. Plays with good instincts anticipating screen passes and getting jumps on wide rushing plays.
								Will play through a straw and has a limited area of impact as a playmaker. Gets too caught up in physical battles against blockers and loses sight of the ball. Plays too tall and allows blockers under his pads and into his frame. Needs to punch and shuck sooner and get to the tackle. Stiff movement in space and labors with direction change. Below average sideline-to-sideline chaser. Doesn?t appear to have the one-on-one cover skills to stay on the field in subpackages.
							
2016	Kris Frost	2555327	OLB	Auburn	When Frost isn't flying around the football field, he's taking on the sky, working toward his pilot license as a Flight Management major at Auburn. Like any good pilot (and true to his name), Frost is cool, calm and collected as a defensive leader. Frost displayed a solid all-around game in his first year as a starter in 2014, moving well for his size in coverage (one interception, three pass breakups). He also served as an effective blitzer (10 tackles for loss, 3.5 sacks), slipped blocks between the tackles and hustled down plays from behind (85 total stops). Frost played well as a senior, too, making 96 stops, three for loss, and two interceptions. His inside-outside versatility will earn him a spot in the NFL.	Big frame with good height, weight and length. Large hands for a linebacker. Shows off natural power when taking on iso blockers with a heavy, forearm shiver. Has powerful explosion through hips but needs his pad level right to unlock them. Had four defensive coordinators during his time at Auburn and should benefit from scheme stability. Adequate lateral agility to slide and follow the ball. Active hands against the pass with eight passes defensed.
								Was benched along with two other starters for poor performance and lack of communication in the 45<U+613C><U+3E64>-21 loss to LSU. Gets lost on the field. Lacks awareness and instincts to keep him in front of the play. No feel for where blocks are coming from and gets sealed far too often by second level blockers. Needs to drop pad level. Missing the play speed and instincts to play downhill effectively. Content demeanor and lack of fire are a concern to scouts.
							
2016	Michael Caputo	2555328	SS	Wisconsin	This Junior ROTC member garnered second-team All-American honors in 2014 from the Football Writers Association of America after leading the team with 106 tackles and coming up big in big games. He racked up 15 stops against LSU in the season opener, and he made seven stops while breaking up two passes in the team's upset win over Auburn in the Outback Bowl. Caputo's senior year wasn't quite as productive as a tackler (65 stops, one for loss) but he did intercept two passes and break up eight others. Caputo suffered a concussion against Alabama seen by the entire nation, but returned to form for the next game and didn't miss a beat, garnering second team All-Big Ten honors for the second straight season.	Three-year starter and considered one of the toughest guys on the team. Well respected leader who works with young players. Quick to recognize play<U+613C><U+3E64>-action and respond. Shows ball skills and aggressiveness at the catch point. Posted 17 passes defended over last two seasons. Comes downhill in run support looking for action. Takes solid angles to the ball and consistently gathers his feet before striking. Willing to play with pain. 

								Eyeballs the route from two-deep coverage and misses out on hints from quarterback's eyes. Too slow to stick with man coverage. Always looking to chop down legs as a tackler rather than wrapping up driving through the hit. Ends up with too many arm tackle attempts. Had surgery in 2012 for a protruding disc in his spinal cord, and suffered a concussion against Alabama and had to leave the game.
							
2016	Myles Jack	2555329	OLB	UCLA	One of the most versatile players in college football the past three seasons, Jack earned a reputation as a dynamic defender and a contributor on offense. In fact, he earned both the Pac-12 Offensive and Defensive Rookie of the Year award in 2013, as well as being named finalist for Paul Hornung Award as the nation?s most versatile player.  A second-team All-Pac 12 defender as a freshman (75 tackles, two interception, 11 passes defended), he had seven rushing touchdowns on the year as well. Pac-12 coaches voted him second team all-conference again in 2014, as he made 88 tackles, eight for loss, intercepted one pass and broke up seven others. He also contributed as a runner, as well, carrying the rock 28 times for 113 yards and three scores. Jack?s junior year was stopped short by a knee injury three games in, though he looked like he was on the way to a fantastic season before the malady occurred (15 tackles, interception). Despite the injury, Jack announced he had "done enough" at UCLA and wanted to be compensated for his play -- so he declared for early entry in the 2016 NFL Draft. Considering that his mother insured Jack against injury after his freshman season, it's not surprising that economics won the day in Jack's decision.	Ultra athletic and can get to the rock from any position on the field. Former running back with speed to run down crossing routes and head off running backs exploding around the corner. Adequate instincts with above average reaction off the snap. Races downhill after the snap and can weave from gap to gap with blazing lateral quickness. Able to weave through and around traffic in relentless pursuit. Plays with desired pad level and leverage. Uses hip explosion to strike on the rise with a hammering blow at the point of attack. Can jar offensive linemen off<U+613C><U+3E64>-balance with his strikes. Comes off of blocks quickly. Stepped in and was "the dude" from Day 1 at UCLA. Physical and active with alpha qualities on the field. Offers tremendous versatility for creative defensive coordinators. Has the juice to be an edge rusher in sub-packages and can fit into any 4-3 linebacker spot at any time. Has played safety and running back at UCLA. Has the strength, speed and athleticism to cover tight ends, running backs and some slot receivers. Plays with frenetic energy and is always looking to get his licks in.
								Doesn't have prototypical linebacker frame. Lower body build is more like a running back and doesn't have ideal length. Will take some challenging routes to the football at times. His excitable brand of play will need more control in the pros. Suffered torn anterior meniscus that ended his season in late September. Medicals will likely determine draft stock.
							
2016	Brian Poole	2555330	CB	Florida	Although his running mate on the outside, Vernon Hargreaves, gets most of the attention, Poole is no slouch. He was a five-star recruit ranked as high as number 25 overall in the nation coming out of Brandenton Southeast in 2012. He contributed as a freshman (three tackles in 12 games), then starting six games as a nickelback the following year (32 tackles, two for loss, two interceptions, three pass break-ups). Poole became a regular starter, both as a corner and nickel, in 2014, leading the Gators with four interceptions and finishing second on the team with 10 pass break-ups. Poole didn?t pick off a pass and started only six games as a senior at safety and nickel, but played every week and finished second on the team with 10 pass break-ups (along with 40 tackles, 3.5 for loss).	Plays with a high level of football intelligence and instincts. At his best in zone coverage. Reads quarterback and is quick to anticipate throws. Will drift beyond his zone if he believes he can help. Has 25 passes defensed over the last two seasons. Plays with solid ball skills. Willing to take chances and undercut throws to make up for his lack of size and length. Crowds receivers and contests catches. Plus route recognition and willing in run support.
								Short cornerback who struggles to leap and defend high throws. Instincts get him ahead, but lacks the reactive quickness needed to be his best in the red zone. Tagged with seven touchdowns allowed over last two years. Play speed is very average. Would like to see more hustle in his pursuit from backside. Willing tackler but doesn't go out of his way looking for additional action. Sluggish transition quickness leads to lunging.
							
2016	Cody Core	2555331	WR	Mississippi	A native of Auburn, Alabama and son of a former Troy State tight end (Thad), Core played mostly special teams, and even some defensive back, during his first two years in Oxford. But then the door opened for him as a receiver in 2014, and he took advantage (41-558, six touchdowns). Core's numbers didn't increase as a senior due to the return of Laquon Treadwell and quarterback Chad Kelly's ability to spread the ball around (37-644, four TD) but his big play ability (17.4 yards per catch in 2015) is obvious. 	Good overall size. Pushes hard upfield to sell the deep ball and put defender in defensive posture. Good leaper who uses his size and spring to go up and get the ball. Strong enough to grind out yards after the catch with his size. Effective special teams cover man during his time at Ole Miss with 18 tackles. Able-bodied blocker.
								Hands are just average. Allows ball into his frame and doesn't snatch it with strength. Not a sudden, athletic receiver and takes awhile to get into and out of his breaks. Below average acceleration. Runs rounded, sloppy routes and has issues adjusting them in space.
							
2016	Connor Cook	2555332	QB	Michigan St.	Cook was the most intriguing senior quarterback prospect heading into the 2015 season, and he did not disappoint in his final campaign. He had already secured a place among the best quarterbacks in MSU history, throwing for nearly 6,000 yards, and tossing 46 touchdowns versus 14 interceptions in his sophomore and junior years -- garnering second team All-Big Ten honors both seasons. In 2015, he captured the Johnny Unitas Golden Arm Award and Big Ten Quarterback of the Year Award, leading the Spartans to a spot in the College Football Playoff by throwing for 3,131 yards and 24 touchdowns (throwing seven picks). Cook completed just 56 percent of his passes as a senior, however, down from 58.7 percent and 58.1 percent the previous two years.  The Ohio native also fought off a shoulder injury, missing the win over Ohio State, but returning to help his team win their second Big Ten championship in three years. Cook won the MVP award in both the 2013 and 2015 Big Ten Championship Games.	Four-year starter who has shown consistent improvement and added new elements to his game each year. Can operate with a high level of confidence and efficiency. Worked under center and plays with good foot quickness in his drops. Shows good anticipation for developing windows and effective with timing routes. Will continue to scan and re-<U+613C><U+3E64>scan thru targets when on the move. Reads safeties early and rarely takes shots downfield that safeties can get involved with. Comfortable operating on the move. Throws in rhythm and with accuracy when rolling right. Plus arm strength with compact, lightning quick release. Able to make big boy throws with pace into difficult, dangerous windows. Will stand in and take the hit to challenge man defender with a deep shot. Attacks edges of end zone with touch throws. Didn't shrink away from duties when asked to run the ball. More battle tested than any quarterback in this draft.
								Habit of throwing short passes with too much pepper. Accuracy is a major concern. Often caught flat-
footed in the pocket and appears willing to launch throws without proper balance or step to target. Open front hip causes him to spray outside frame of his intended target. Sees throws come open but won't always cut it loose. Can struggle mightily when forced off of his first option. Misses opportunities to adjust protection pre-snap. Gets locked in on shotgun snap and misses signs of blitzers sneaking forward. First instinct versus blitz is to go up top rather than finding easier, short completion. Gives little effort to sell play fakes even on run downs. Scouts question his field demeanor and leadership in adverse times. Failed to rise to the occasion in 2015 Big Ten Championship Game or playoff game against Alabama.
							
2016	Corey Coleman	2555333	WR	Baylor	Coleman grew up in a tough Dallas neighborhood playing football in the streets, with a father who is currently serving prison time for felony cocaine distribution. But with the guidance and hard work of his mother, Cassandra Jones, as well as his godfather, former Baylor and NFL star defensive back Ray Crockett, Coleman fulfilled his potential as a playmaker at the college level. As a redshirt freshman, Coleman started 10 games in head coach Art Briles' offense, catching 35 passes for 527 yards and two scores, as well as averaging over 28 yards per kickoff return. His sophomore season started late, as he missed the first three games of the year with a hamstring injury, but finished strong. He was named second-team All-Big 12 (first team by the media) after covering 1,119 yards and scoring 11 times on just 64 receptions. Most importantly, Coleman came up big at the right times (15-224, TD vs Oklahoma, 7-150, TD vs Michigan in Cotton Bowl) ... but that was just a hint of things to come.  Coleman won the Biletnikoff Award as the nation?s top receiver in 2015, along with unanimous All-American and first-team all-conference honors, leading the country with 20 touchdown receptions (74-1,363 receiving for the year). He missed the team's Russell Athletic Bowl win over North Carolina after having sports hernia surgery in December in order to be ready for the run up to the 2016 NFL Draft. 	Instant blur off the snap. Feet turn over at a blinding pace and he devours cushion before cornerbacks know what hit them. Able to get over the top of every corner he faced and demands safety help over the top. Works back to the ball. Explosive leaper with ability to climb ladder and win the 50/50 ball and body control to secure the acrobatic catch. Touchdown maker finishing 2015 with 20 receiving touchdowns. Smooth, speedy stems to the post will be difficult to mirror and match for NFL cornerbacks. Easy route adjustments in space. Defenders who try to jam and miss pay the iron price (touchdowns). Able to make tacklers miss in tight spaces. Has experience as ball carrier and punt returner. Heavily targeted (39 percent) in Baylor's high<U+613C><U+3E64>-flying attack.
								Does his best work from outside the numbers, but lacks desired NFL size to play outside. Allows cornerbacks to leverage him against the sideline on deep throws. Takes longer than expected to gear down for comeback routes after hitting top speed. Ran limited number of simple routes. Hands are a concern. Fails to catch away from his body. Dropped 10 passes for a drop rate of 11.9 percent. Loses focus and concentration on routes that work towards the middle of the field or when he senses defenders are closing in. Had sports hernia surgery that forced him to miss his bowl game.
							
2016	Jared Goff	2555334	QB	California	Instead of following the path of his father, Jerry, to major league baseball (played catcher for three teams over six seasons), Goff starred as a high school quarterback in the Bay Area. Cal coaches put him right into the fire in 2013, and he answered the challenge as the school's first-ever freshman opening weekend starting quarterback. The honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick (18 TD, 10 INT) set school records for passing yards (3,508), passes completed (320), and passes attempted (531) on a 1-11 team lacking great talent. He suffered an injury to his throwing shoulder in the "Big Game" against Stanford that year, but managed to return for the 2014 spring game.  In fact, he started all 12 games as a sophomore, completing 62.1 percent of his passes for 3,973 yards and 35 touchdowns against just seven interceptions. Goff capped his career at Cal with a first team All-Pac-12 season, starting every game and setting conference records with 4,719 passing yards and 43 touchdowns on the year. The Bears also won their first bowl game since 2008 when Goff threw for 467 yards and six touchdowns when they took out Air Force in the Armed Forces Bowl. Even before that victory, however, Goff decided to move on to the professional ranks after the season as one of the top quarterback prospects for the 2016 NFL Draft.	Quality arm. Makes all the throws and can sling the deep out with velocity and accuracy. Clean release and snaps throws off with flick of the wrist. Drives hips through his release for extra heat. Pocket mobility and poise showed improvement from 2014 to 2015. Maintains proper footwork and readiness to throw as he slides inside the pocket. Speeds up internal clock when he feels pressure or recognizes blitz. Pocket climber. Able to run out of trouble rather than into it. Looks the part of a confident, first round quarterback when working from a clean pocket. Sells his play <U+613C><U+3E64>fakes with purpose and draws linebackers forward. Has learned to expedite his throws from off-balance angles due to pocket pressure. Will throw receivers open in tight quarters. Has excellent trajectory and pillowy soft touch on touch throws down the field that give receivers a chance to make plays. Showed substantial growth with his willingness to attack intermediate areas of the field and did so with accuracy and relative success. Completed an impressive 43.8 percent of his deep throws. Competes on third and long seeking out first downs over check downs.
								Hits a rough patch with accuracy from time to time. Sails throws over intended targets especially early in games. Has spots where he makes receivers work too hard on easy throws. Spent 99.8 percent of his pass snaps from pistol or shotgun this season. Will likely need to orient himself with NFL footwork from under center. Rhythm passer who benefited from the uptempo and "quick game" of Cal's Bear Raid offense. Has to learn fine line between getting ball out and rushing throws. Able to escape pocket, but isn't a proven finisher when on the move. Fumbled the ball 24 times over the last three years losing 11. Sacked 81 times over three years. Internal clock and poise will need to be monitored closely. Several of his interceptions came when he failed to read zone defenders underneath drifting up to challenge the throw.
							
2016	Jonathan Bullard	2555335	DT	Florida	The Gators have had a versatile defensive lineman selected in the first round in two of the last three drafts: Sharrif Floyd to Minnesota in 2013 and Dominique Easley by the Patriots in 2014. Bullard is looking to become the next in line. The former five-star recruit has moved between end and tackle during his career, showing off both quickness and power. He was fairly productive despite playing inside often as a junior (8.5 tackles for loss, 2.5 sacks), but really turned on the juice as a senior (66 tackles, 17.5 TFL, 6.5 sacks), earning third team All-American honors from the Associated Press as well as consensus first team All-SEC honors.	Quick and instinctive off the snap. Has a sense of where the ball is going and heads in that direction. Moves well down the line against zone plays. Uses hands and inside shoulder to brace against blocker to prevent a cross face block. Comes out of his stance with good pad level and burst. Attacks gaps and produces disruptive results. Half of his tackles gained two yards or less and was credited with 17.5 tackles for loss. Hard-charging, high-effort defender. Has above average change of direction talent for his size and a second gear in pursuit of ball carriers. Competitive and willing to mix it up. Had several physical reps against LSU and Vadal Alexander. Hands are solid, but can get better. Able to generate a bull rush and has potential to roll through guards with weak edges en route to the quarterback.
								Leggy with duck<U+613C><U+3E64>-footed gait. 'Tweener frame. Comes off the ball with good pad level but plays taller and taller as the play continues. Always in a hurry and is prone to overrun his fits against zone and get washed down. Doesn?t play with much quick-twitch movement. Average explosiveness and suddenness means his pad level and technique have to be tightened up. Gets turned out of gaps by double teams. If his initial pass rush doesn?t create an advantage, he tends to sit on blocks and look to bat ball down.
							
2016	Robert Nkemdiche	2555336	DT	Mississippi	Nkemdiche (kim-DEECH-ee) presented elite athleticism and quick-twitch movement as the top defensive end prospect in the country coming into Oxford as part of the 2013 recruiting class. He's one of the more interesting prospects in the 2016 draft class, as well, because Georgia native never really had great statistical production despite his manifold pro-ready characteristics. He started 10 games for the Rebels in 2013, garnering Freshman All-American and Freshman All-SEC notice with eight tackles for loss and two sacks on the year. In Nkemdiche's sophomore year, he received second-team All-American honors from several media outlets despite making just four tackles for loss and two sacks in 13 starts. His junior year realized similar results, again being named second team All-American with statistics half as impressive as most others named to the team (seven TFL, three sacks). Nkemdiche's career at Ole Miss ended on a sour note, however, as he was arrested for marijuana possession after taking a fall from an Atlanta area hotel room. He was suspended from the team's bowl game after the incident, and decided to leave for the National Football League.	Exceptional build. Carries no bad weight and has outstanding thickness and power through his rear, thighs and calves. Plus movement skills and runs like a defensive end. Has reactive explosiveness for expanded range as tackler near line of scrimmage. Wrap up finisher who won't allow running backs out of his grasp. Plays with good lateral quickness and can win the race across the face of blockers. Played stronger at point of attack this year. Proved he could penetrate and 2-gap. Showed noticeable improvement as pass rusher this season. Has a decent spin move as pass rusher and plays with the power to force his way through a guard's shoulder and into the backfield. Improved quarterback pressures from 13 to 26 this year.
								For all the talent and athletic traits, his production was disappointing. Produced low tackle totals and just 6.5 sacks over three years. Never forced or recovered a fumble. Ducks head into initial off snap losing track of the ball. Tightly <U+613C><U+3E64>wound, straight-line athlete who needs play to stay inside his optimal area of movement. Inconsistent effort after his initial pass rush move is thwarted. Needs to develop a counter rush move. Was suspended for Sugar Bowl after being arrested and charged with marijuana a possession. Scouting community has serious concerns about his personal character and work ethic.
							
2016	Shon Coleman	2555337	OT	Auburn	Many prospects in this draft class have faced adversity, but few have looked cancer in the eye and beaten it. In the spring of 2010, Coleman was diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Over the next two-plus years, the top 10 offensive tackle national recruit worked at St. Jude?s Children?s Hospital (located in his hometown of Memphis) to treat and defeat the disease. Coleman was finally cleared to play in the spring of 2012 and redshirted in the fall to get back into football shape. The following year he completed the comeback by playing six games as the backup to 2014 NFL Draft No. 2 overall selection Greg Robinson at left tackle. The past two seasons, Coleman has held down the blind side spot, starting every game and receiving second team All-SEC honors from league coaches. Casual college football fans and NFL scouts alike can see his frame and excellent length and agility, but should be more impressed by the mental toughness he?s shown over the past few years.	Very long and gets maximizing disruption from arm length. Above average play strength with powerful upper body. Extremely physical with backpack full of nasty with him. Drive blocker who uproots defenders and creates space. Latches onto defenders with big, strong hands. Gets chippy as run blocker and looks for aggressive finish. Pass sets are generally balanced with decent slide to the edge and ready hands. Has ability to redirect inside against stunts. Very heavy hands. Uses his punch as a measure of force and intimidation. Fires his hands from inside his frame and lands with proper placement. Able to play in space. Relatively smooth climbs to second level and mirrors oncoming traffic looking to engage. Has played on left and right side. Held his own against Myles Garrett from Texas A&M losing badly just once on inside spin move.
								Base will get too wide hindering balance. Leans into contact in pass sets and consistently plays with weight too far forward. Feet deaden when punching, opening door around the corner. Inconsistent footwork in general. Lunges at rushers trying to turn corner rather than sliding feet into position. Has habit of leading with head down and will miss run targets at times. Got away with holding in college. Doesn't bring feet thru contact in run game and has trouble sustaining without mauling. Needs hands to control defender rather than just punish. Will turn 25 as a rookie after sitting out two years overcoming a leukemia diagnosis in 2010.
							
2016	Kevin Dodd	2555338	DE	Clemson	Dodd was not as highly-touted as fellow defensive end Shaq Lawson coming into the 2015 season, but by the end of the year he was just as respected. The South Carolina native went to Hargrave Military Academy for the 2011 season before arriving in Clemson, and spent three years as a reserve (six tackles in eight games in 2012, seven tackles in four games in 2013, eight tackles, 2.5 for loss in 12 games in 2014) behind the Tigers? ever-talented defensive line before getting into the starting line-up on the strong side across from Lawson. Dodd's ascension was set back a bit by a knee injury in the 2013 season, but his play the following fall portended an excellent redshirt junior year. Dodd finished just behind his All-American teammate in tackles for loss (23.5) and sacks (12), receiving honorable mention all-conference notice from ACC coaches for his efforts. Those coaches might have voted him first team after the national championship game, however, as he lit up the Crimson Tide with five tackles for loss, including three sacks.	Relentless competitor with NFL-<U+613C><U+3E64>ready frame. Refuses to give offensive lineman a play off. Not content to be around a play, wants in the action. Won't lay on blocks and able to improve his position after contact through footwork and strength. Never drops eyes from ball location and is able to unhinge from blocks quickly to make a play when the ball enters his patch of grass. Extremely instinctive and well-coached. Snuffs out screens, bootlegs and shovel passes almost every game. Takes his contain responsibility very seriously.  Insane production spike from last year to this season. Saw his quarterback pressures go from three to 46 and he was credited with 12 sacks in 2015 season. Athletic upfield burst with desired bend and hip flexion to corner the edge. Has length and leverage to become an effective speed-to-power rusher. Wore Alabama out with three sacks and two tackles for loss. Tape shows a player who played his best football at the end of the year.
								Has just one year of full-time experience under his belt and was able to feast on some lesser tackles. Hand usage is still a work in progress. Too willing to take on blocks with a lowered helmet or allowing blocks into his frame rather than controlling the rep with his natural hand strength. Uses same hand swipe at the top of his rush and would benefit from greater diversity of approach. Still learning to consistently unlock his top play speed. Gets in a hurry to attack in space quarterbacks and running backs in space lunging after them rather than striking from balanced base.
							
2016	Kamalei Correa	2555339	DE	Boise St.	For three straight years, a member of the Boise State Broncos has left school early for the NFL Draft. Correa follows defensive end Demarcus Lawrence (picked by Dallas in the second round of the 2014 draft) and running back Jay Ajayi (fifth round, Miami, 2015). This year's early entrant is Correa, native of Honolulu, Hawai'i. He earned second-team All-Mountain West accolades in 2015, leading the Broncos with 11 tackles for loss and seven sacks on the year. Two of those sacks came in his last game with the Broncos, a win over Northern Illinois in the Poinsettia Bowl. Those numbers were actually down from Correa's sophomore year stats, when he was named first team all-conference after leading the Mountain West with 12 sacks and finishing third with 19 tackles for loss. In his true freshman year, 2013, he played in every game as a reserve (12 tackles, 1.5 tackles for loss, sack).	Well<U+613C><U+3E64>-built and twitched up. Has see ball, get ball traits to work with. Rarely fooled by backside bootlegs or reverses. Unleashed his impressive long speed and pursuit motor to run down a Utah State running back 51 yards down the field. Tackle finisher when he launches into target. Logged 19 sacks and five forced fumbles over last two seasons. As pass rusher, has explosion potential to create some edge panic with NFL coaching. Has second gear to chase from sideline to sideline.
								Seems to be more focused on getting out of the blocks quickly rather than gaining ground upfield as a rusher. Hand usage is inconsistent and unrefined. Doesn't use hands as weapons of victory often enough at the top of his rush. As NFL edge player, will have to play with more jolt and power in his punch. Play strength is just average. Lacks feel for down blocks and cracks and can be pinned down too easily. Will come flying to the ball at full speed and overrun the tackle.
							
2016	Kyler Fackrell	2555340	OLB	Utah St.	A stand-up rush linebacker with length and agility, Fackrell came out the box strong for the Aggies, garnering all-conference honors in each of his first two seasons on campus (21 tackles for loss, eight sacks in 2012-2013). Fackrell suffered a torn ACL in the season opener as a junior but returned with in his final year, consistently making plays on the edge against the run (82 tackles) and attacking the backfield (15 tackles for loss, four sacks, two forced fumbles, five recovered). Scouts appreciate the maturity of a plyer who has gone through injury adversity, as well as taken on responsibilities via marriage and fatherhood. Fackrell and his wife, Elizabeth, welcomed a baby girl (Delaney) into the word early in 2015. 	Premium length and athleticism. Played quarterback and wide receiver in high school and lettered in basketball and volleyball. Rangy tackler who is able to shadow the ball all over the field. Has length and arm extension to punch and control the point of attack. Functional strength is good enough against the run. Has length and motor for tremendous tackle radius. Had 80 tackles or more in each of his last three full seasons. Had just five sacks, but often dropped into space. Potential is there to become plus pass rusher. Combines forward lean, hip explosion and long arms to crank up speed-<U+613C><U+3E64>to-power pocket push. Upfield burst covers substantial ground in first three steps. Has upper body turn and shoulder dip to slip under tackle?s shoulder and around the corner. Don?t sleep on his cover ability in space.
								Missed the entire 2014 season with an ACL tear. Can improve his hand play as pass rusher at the high side of his rush. When edge rush stalls out, has average counter attack. Long-strider who struggles to make sudden inside moves once he gets going upfield. High center of gravity combined with lean lower half make it difficult to play through redirect blocks with contact balance.
							
2016	Hunter Henry	2555341	TE	Arkansas	Three years ago, the Razorbacks were delighted to have a legacy recruit in their backyard (Little Rock), who just happened to be one of the top tight end prospects in the country. His father, Mark, played offensive tackle for Arkansas from 1988 to 1991, serving as a team captain his senior year. Hunter didn't make it to his senior year, however, choosing to enter the 2016 NFL Draft after a spectacular junior season where he won the John Mackey Award as the nation?s top tight end and garnered consensus first team All-American honors. The first-team All-SEC pick by league coaches and media had 51 catches for 739 yards and three scores on the year. This production wasn?t out of the blue, given his recruiting status and production as a sophomore (37-513, two touchdowns receiving) and a true freshman in 2013 (28-409, four scores despite fighting issues in both knees).	Flat-<U+613C><U+3E64>running stud as a run blocker and a big part of Arkansas' running game success. Strikes into the frame of defenders with inside hands and blocks with a wide, strong base. Able to turn outside linebackers and cornerbacks out of their run fits and sustains his blocks as long as he can. Had no drops and 51 catches this season. Able to secure contested catches and eminent hits won't scare him away from the catch. Able to work all three levels as a go-to target. Too talented to be covered by most linebackers. Able to run a variety of routes and has no reason to leave the field.
								Don't need much space for this section. Can get a little grabby as a run blocker and was penalized for three holding calls in 2015. Is a little upright into his breaks with rounded turns over sharp cuts. Is a little labored when adjusting his routes to traffic.
							
2016	Karl Joseph	2555342	S	West Virginia	Ironically, Joseph's play style of a complete lack of respect for his own body was not the reason he missed more than half of his senior season. He injured his knee in a non-contact practice drill, putting a stop to his best year to date, where he led the FBS in interceptions (five) after four weeks. Joseph flies into the backfield and attacks receivers in space like few others in this draft class, as he showed during his first-team All-Big 12 junior campaign (92 stops, 4.5 for loss, one interception, three pass break-ups, three forced fumbles.) Joseph started every game as a freshman (team defensive player of the year with 104 tackles, seven for loss, two interceptions, three forced fumbles) and sophomore (68 tackles, three for loss, one interception), as well, earning honorable mention all-conference recognition each season.	Team captain and impactful Leader. Plays with passion and a deep love of the game. Play-making safety with man cover ability and plus ball skills. Took reps heads up against Sterling Shepard. Quick to get head around and find the ball and always opts to try and take the ball away rather than break up the pass. Leaper who challenges the high<U+613C><U+3E64>-point. Finished with nine career interceptions and five this season in just four games. Plays run and pass with great urgency. True high/low option with toughness for the box and straight line speed to play rangy center field. Can pedal and shift from deep zone. Wolf looking for his next meal as a hitter.
								ACL creates medical concerns and may prevent him from getting through an entire pre-draft workout. Doesn't have desired thickness of frame for the ruckus he likes to bring as a hitter. Play-making aspirations can lead him to vacate his area a step early. Shows some change of direction limitations in coverage. Desire to assail leads to occasional technique breakdowns as a tackler.
							
2016	Josh Doctson	2555343	WR	TCU	Doctson started his collegiate career at Wyoming before transferring back to his home state. He became Heisman Trophy candidate Trevone Boykin's favorite target (65 receptions, 1,018 yards, 11 TD) as a junior and ramped up his game even more in 2015, earning consensus first team All-American honors with a school-record 79 catches for 1,337 yards and 14 scores. Doctson only played in 11 games this year, only sparingly in one of those contests, as he suffered a wrist injury when players fell on him after a catch. The 2015 Fred Biletnikoff Award finalist finished second in TCU history in career receptions and yards, and set the record for touchdown receptions, despite starting his career at another school.	Targeted 36.5 percent of the time and has the mentality of a lead receiver. Silky vertical routes with ability to make subtle shifts to get past corners waiting to put hands on him. Consistent in his play speed. Good accelerator off stutter<U+613C><U+3E64>-step release. Able to create late separation down the field with body lean and quiet hand usage. Touchdown maker who has rung up 25 receiving touchdowns over last two years despite missing three games this season. Climbs to snare jump balls and has body control to adjust in midair. Hands are very strong helping him secure catches through contact. Has ability to make defenses pay after the catch. Isn?t overwhelmed by physical cornerbacks trying to force him into the boundary and can play through it to make winning catches downfield.
								Tall but needs to add more muscle to prepare for physical, press cornerbacks. Played in offense that created plenty of space to work in. Needs a greater commitment as a blocker. Was rarely pressed, but had issues coming out cleanly when he was. Doesn?t look sudden or urgent in his routes and is upright into his breaks. Out-breaking routes are rounded and obvious. Suffered a broken wrist in early November.
							
2016	Artie Burns	2555344	CB	Miami	Burns has been as successful a two-sport athlete as any football player has been in the last 20 years. He came to "The U" with a pedigree on the football field and the track, earning four-star recruit status while winning a state title in the 110 meter hurdles three times during his high school career (he had the top 110 meter and 300 meter hurdles times in the nation in his junior year). Burns translated that dual success in high school to the Hurricanes, winning All-American and All-Conference honors as a hurdler for the track and field squad and becoming one of the top corners in the ACC. Burns played in a reserve role as a freshman in 2013 (17 tackles, two sacks, three pass breakups) before becoming a starter in his sophomore year (40 tackles, six pass breakups). He flourished in 2015, intercepting six passes (most by a Miami player since Sean Taylor had 10 in 2003) and breaking up five others on his way to consensus second-team All-ACC honors. Unfortunately, Burns also suffered a great loss during his junior year, losing his mother after she suffered a heart attack. Since his father has been incarcerated for some time, the University of Miami started a donation fund to help his family get through the rough period -- they raised $40,000 in six hours. It was not surprising, therefore, that he wanted to declare for the 2016 NFL Draft as an early entrant. 	Premium athlete with long, angular build and preferred blend of size and speed. One of the top 60-meter hurdlers in college track and field. Wakes up every morning with natural ball skills to flip the field. Got hands on high number of targeted throws, including six interceptions this season despite playing in a cornerback rotation. Will bait quarterbacks into trap throws. Has soft hands and catch radius of a receiver when it is time to take the ball away. Possesses brash, cocky demeanor. Length and physicality from press can be extremely disruptive. Burst on the throw is NFL-worthy. When he?s dialed in, has talent to be impactful. Usually finishes when he makes contact as tackler.
								Tape isn't his best friend. Extremely raw and undisciplined. Leggy and grabby in routes. Flagged for four pass interference and two unsportsmanlike penalties. Upright in backpedal and plays with very little bend. High center of gravity prevents fluid change of direction. Coasts on athleticism and talent over proper technique. Turns motor off and on from game to game, and play can be lackadaisical. Would like to see him attack blockers rather than waiting for running back before disengaging.
							
2016	Su'a Cravens	2555345	OLB	USC	Cravens' extended family has several NFL ties, including cousin Jordan Cameron (former USC and current Miami Dolphins tight end), distant cousin Manti Te'o (Notre Dame/San Diego Chargers linebacker) and his mother's second cousin David Fulcher (former Arizona State and Cincinnati Bengals safety). While those genes portend great athleticism, Cravens made his own name as the USA Today National High School Defensive Player of the Year in 2012 (97 tackles, eight sacks, three INT). He graduated from Vista Murrieta High a semester early to join USC for 2013, securing a starting spot at strong safety the following fall despite injuring his knee in the spring. Cravens made various Freshman All-American teams as well as honorable mention All-Pac-12 notice (52 tackles, four interceptions). He moved to a safety/linebacker hybrid role as a sophomore (a change he strongly resisted at first), leading the team with 17 tackles for loss (five sacks) and three interceptions to earn third team AP All-American and first-team All-Pac-12 accolades. Cravens repeated those honors in 2015, topping all Trojan defenders with 86 tackles, 15 for loss, and 5.5 sacks and once again showing his overall game by intercepting two passes and breaking up two others.	Born to be a football player. Combines smarts, instincts and toughness. Will not hesitate to jump into the mix and have proven his ability to make full<U+613C><U+3E64>-time conversion to linebacker. Outstanding with his hands. Always first with his punch into blocker's frame and unlocks instant arm extension to keep himself clean. Showed ability to engage blocker, shuffle with square pads and disengage for the tackle. Scouts believe he will comfortably carry over 230 pounds in pros. Big boy production comes from always choosing play-making option over passive route. Loves to play on the other side of the line when possible. Sticky hands and can take the ball away if you give him a shot. Posted nine interceptions in three years. Aware in zone coverage, but has some blitz value. Will have immediate impact on special teams coverage.
								Small for an NFL linebacker spot. Lack of length to consistently pull himself around the corner against edge blocks. Former safety who is still learning nuances of the position. Will take time to adjust to NFL power at the point of attack. Will get hooked inside and lose contain. Not as twitched up and fast as expected. Will get engulfed if he doesn't win early with hands. Unable to maintain feel for the target in his trail technique in man coverage. More likely to maul and grab over trusting technique in coverage. Willing to dive and miss rather than working for a higher percentage tackle.
							
2016	Will Fuller	2555346	WR	Notre Dame	Fuller had a difficult decision on whether to leave Notre Dame early for the National Football League. Like many underclassmen before him, he initially believed he would return to campus, and then upon reflection, decided it was time to move on to the next level. It's hard to fault him after being named the Irish team MVP with 62 receptions for 1,258 yards and 14 touchdowns in 2015. Fuller wasn't a one-year wonder, however, as he had an outstanding sophomore campaign (76-1,094, 15 TD) and showed big-play promise (6-160, one score).  He went to the same high school as Pro Football Hall of Fame candidate Marvin Harrison; Fuller?s lean build and ability to get deep on defenses will earn him comparisons based on their games as well as their upbringing. 	Big time, vertical daddy. Had just over 27 percent of his catches go for 25-plus yards this year. Uses short, controlled strides into his routes for maximum balance and suddenness underneath. Will change routes speed to rock corners to sleep before climbing past them. Works to establish early leverage points against man coverage. Has elite acceleration to create easy separation vertically. Cornerbacks fear his speed giving him ample cushion. Able to drive defenders into early turn and bail when charging into his route. Shake a go release can whip press coverage. Can challenge and defeat press with nine routes and posts. Can make sharp in<U+613C><U+3E64>-breaking cuts. Above average ball tracking skills and has good feel for the sideline at all times. Talented with the ball in his hands and can change direction without gearing down.
								Undersized outside receiver with skinny legs who is unlikely to make a living in the middle of the field. Hands can be wretched at times (see Boston College game). Body catcher with focus issues and lack of hand strength. Logged nine drops in each of the last two seasons. Feast or famine target lacking frame and hands to be a volume receiver. Needs to improve route savvy for underneath and intermediate routes. Won't offer much at all as run blocker.
							
2016	Michael Thomas	2555347	WR	Ohio St.	Thomas is the nephew of former USC and NFL star receiver Keyshawn Johnson, which portends an excellent pro career. His road to this spot has been bumpy at times, however. Passed over by USC and UCLA as a high school recruit, Thomas went to Fork Union Military Academy (where he roomed with OSU quarterback Cardale Jones) instead of accepting scholarship offers from second-tier programs. He played in 11 games as a freshman, catching just three passes (22 yards) for the Buckeyes, and then was redshirted for the 2013 season just one game in because he was struggling to learn the offense and make his grades. Just one year later, Thomas became the leading receiver (54 catches, 799 yards, nine scores) on a national championship squad. He proved 2014 wasn?t a fluke by once again leading the Buckeyes with 56 catches, 781 yards, and nine touchdowns this fall, garnering third-team All-Big Ten honors from league coaches and media. Thomas won't be picked No. 1 overall like his uncle, but an NFL team will see his potential as a Sunday playmaker.	Has the triangle numbers (height/weight/speed) of a WR1. Drives off the line of scrimmage selling his vertical push and forcing cornerbacks into passive position. Uses plus separation quickness at top of his route to provide comfortable passing window. Hands catcher who catches away from his frame when possible. Wasn't asked to work vertically much, but tape looks like he has a shot. Has the juice after catch to make defenses pay the price for missed tackles. Real red zone target who stacks the defender, tracks throw out of quarterback's hand and makes late play on the ball over top of defender. Has desired traits and flashes the tools.
								Struggles with footwork out of press release spending excessive time trying to fake and shake cornerbacks. Still figuring out this whole "route running" thing. Needs to improve playing through contact and adjusting routes appropriately. Still thinking rather than just playing. Will have to work back to the throw more often on NFL level. Won't win over quarterbacks with inability to rescue the off-<U+613C><U+3E64>target throws. Plays with passive field demeanor against aggressive cornerbacks. Won't go looking for work as run blocker if he doesn't have to. Doesn't appear to offer special teams value.
							
2016	Braxton Miller	2555348	WR	Ohio St.	One of the more interesting stories in college football in 2015, Miller's descent from two-time Big Ten MVP to third-string passer could have ended badly. But after missing 2014 with a shoulder injury, Miller took on the challenge of switching to receiver for his senior year. Bragging that he was the "best athlete in college football", Miller looked prophetic with outstanding open-field moves and speed in the limited opportunities he received this season (24 catches, 329 yards, three TD receiving; 40 carries, 234 yards, one TD rushing). His elusiveness with the ball wasn?t surprising, as he had rushed for more than 1,000 yards in 2012 and 2013, but the natural hands he showed as a receiver make him an intriguing prospect.	Considered one of the leaders for the winningest senior class in college football history. Immediately checks boxes for height, weight and speed. Features legitimate vertical acceleration to climb over the top on deep routes. Hands are good enough, but concentration is even better. Uses well-<U+613C><U+3E64>timed leaps and dives to make the demanding catches. Capability as a zone-read quarterback create added value. Has loose hips for jitterbug elusiveness in space and it isn?t easy to get a solid hit on him.
								Just one year of work at receiver and has limited production as a pass-catcher. Reliant upon speed and athletic ability over skill at the position. Needs major route work. Upright into his routes with very little sell from his upper body to create hesitation from defenders. Not yet ready to work the intermediate routes. Used deep and short. Needs to improve his ball security and get ball tucked away in proper arm.
							
2016	Kendall Fuller	2555349	CB	Virginia Tech	Fuller was the fourth Fuller brother to suit up for Virginia Tech, and will be the fourth to play in the NFL, and probably the most talented of them all. Vincent played seven years in the league as a safety, Corey lines up as a reserve receiver for the Detroit Lions, and Kyle has played well at corner for Chicago after they made him a first-round pick in 2014. Kendall, a high school All-American, simply came into Bud Foster's defense as a true freshman, starting 12 games, intercepting six passes, and garnering Freshman All-American, second-team All-ACC and Defensive Rookie of the Year honors. Fuller continued to impress in his sophomore year, earning second team All-American notice from multiple outlets and first team all-conference nods from coaches and media alike (4.5 tackles for loss, two interceptions, 15 pass breakups) -- all while playing with a fractured wrist on which he had surgery after the season. Unfortunately, the injury bug bit Fuller again before the 2015 season, as he tore the meniscus in his right knee during preseason camp. He attempted to play through the injury, but decided to hang it up after three games (seven tackles, sack) to have it repaired. Rather than return to Virginia Tech after head coach Frank Beamer retired, Fuller decided to head to the next level as an early draft entrant to join his brothers.	Supremely confident and believes he should make the biggest plays on the field. Looks to feast on unsuspecting quarterbacks. Has the feet and twitch to trigger and go when he reads the quarterback's intentions. Takes a direct path to the ball. Ball hawk in the short and intermediate passing game. Logged 34 passes defensed and eight interceptions in 2013 and 2014 combined. Savvy and trusts his instincts. Good coordination from press coverage and can track releases both inside and out. Understands the body game and gets into the chest of receivers while running downfield. Willing tackler who steps downhill and doesn?t miss his mark very often.
								Lacking desired size and length for the outside spot. Doesn't have the recovery speed to be able to take as many chances on the pro level. Lacks field discipline. Gambler who will get his knot chopped by double moves and pump fakes. Allowed 16.7 yards per completion when he was fully healthy in 2014. Needs to get better at finding the ball when he?s beaten over the top. His play style could lead to early penalty issues. Tried to play through a torn meniscus and ended up shutting it down after the first three games of the season.
							
2016	Kolby Listenbee	2555350	WR	TCU	After two seasons of providing minimal production, Listenbee received his chance to shine in 2014, earning honorable mention All-Big 12 accolades with 41 catches for 783 yards and four scores. He again made big plays throughout his senior campaign, repeating as an honorable mention nominee even though he missed two games due to injury. Listenbee led the team with a 19.9 yards-per-catch average (30-597, five touchdowns) in 2015, which isn't surprising given his success as a sprinter; he was a four-time All-American for TCU for his work in the 100-meter dash (10.03 wind-aided best), as well as the 4x100 and 4x400 relays. 	Able to win deep against man coverage. Averaged 19 yards per catch and 16 yards at the point of the catch in 2015. Natural hands. Doesn't typically have to fight the ball and shows very good concentration to eyeball throws into his hands. Adequate ball tracking and makes late adjustments on deep throws. Good hand fighter to free himself to be catch<U+613C><U+3E64>-ready. Has second gear to run under throws. Adjusts well to low throws and can go dig them out.
								Gangly with a frame that is too thin at this time. Takes an excessive amount of time to gear down into his breaks and is slow to turn and find the ball. Long-strider. Shows meager effort as blocker on wide receiver screens and in the running game. Saw targets and deep ball production fall off this season.
							
2016	Alex Lewis	2555353	OT	Nebraska	Trying to make his own name in a new place, Lewis chose to start his college career in Boulder to play for the Buffaloes instead of following his father, Bill, to Lincoln where he was an All-American center in 1985. Alex played in 24 games, starting 15 (12 at LG, one at LT, two as blocking TE), for Colorado and then had surgery on his shoulder following the 2012 season. Lewis decided to transfer to Nebraska in the spring of 2013, redshirting that season before staking the starting left tackle spot for all 26 games in 2014 and 2015. He was named honorable mention All-Big Ten as a junior and second-team All-Conference by league coaches as a senior. Lewis now plans on following in his father?s footsteps to the NFL, where his dad played seven years for the Raiders, Cardinals, and Patriots.  Scouts will ask Lewis about his arrest for assaulting an Air Force cadet in May 2013, as he eventually received 45 days in jail and two years' probation in exchange for dropping the felony counts.	Has some toughness to his game and will meet a physical challenge. Has a clean, balanced set<U+613C><U+3E64>up in pass protection and keeps his head back and hands punch-ready. Generally uses well-timed punch with inside hand coming first. Understands his physical limitations and sets out on defensive ends quickly to counter. Able to generate some play at the tackle spot.
								Plodding feet limit him. Slow to step into angle blocks and has issues operating consistently on outside zone plays. Not quick enough to be counted on for reach blocks. Pad level too high to unlock hips for maximum leverage and pop in run game. Needs to get better at sinking hips as bull rush mounts. Play strength is very average and leads to balance issues. Will lunge rather than working feet into position. Punch needs to be more crisp and quick.
							
2016	Chris Swain	2555354	FB	Navy	As if facing Navy's option attack led by star quarterback Keenan Reynolds wasn't enough, defenses had to deal with Swain coming downhill at them. The 2015 second team All-American Athletic Conference pick set career highs in yards (1,023) and touchdowns (10) in his senior season. Swain wasn't a one-year wonder, though, as he had over 1,100 yards and eight scores over the previous two seasons as only a part-time starter. When not running the ball, Swain shows a willingness to bang bodies and stick on a block in the hole, so NFL teams will consider bringing him into a training camp and work with him through his military commitment.	Built dive back in Navy's triple-option attack. Drops pad level to bring pop behind his pads at collision point as ball carrier. Will show some late movement before contact to sneak extra yardage from his run. Not shifty but has functional movement in the hole. Launches himself into defender's thighs as cut blocker. Appears to have the stomach for necessary contact as a fullback on next level. Has chain-moving potential.
								Not a true lead blocker at this time. Will lower head and miss his target as a blocker on the edge occasionally. Pass protection needs work. Not a smooth runner. Runs with pronounced rocking motion as he approaches the line of scrimmage. Allows second level tacklers to be the low man too often at point of collision. Only two catches during his time at Navy.
							
2016	Clayton Fejedelem	2555355	S	Illinois	NA	Willing to come downhill and get it on in the running game. Willing worker from the box. Heads up form tackler who springs into his opponent's chest. Finished with 140 tackles this season. When he?s near the ball, willing to attack catch point to disrupt the throw rather than just play for the post-catch tackle. Box safety who shows decent awareness of route development around him. Steady from zone coverage.
								Stiff, box<U+613C><U+3E64>-only safety without the man cover skills or footwork to be a consistent defender against the pass. Change of direction doesn't always go smoothly in open field. Had 11 missed tackles in 2015. Needs to run feet through his tackles. Missing closing burst to make plays on throws and constrict throwing windows to NFL standards.
							
2016	Keenan Reynolds	2555356	RB	Navy	NA	As with most option quarterbacks, has heart for days as a runner and competitor. Elevated sense of purpose when play neared the goal line. Cashed in with 78 rushing touchdowns over the last three seasons. Can make himself slippery and rarely takes direct shots unless he seeks out the contact. Forced 23 missed tackles this season. Has plus vision with a great sense of when to cut it up and when to finish his runs. Runs with outstanding balance through contact. Elite intelligence and locker room leader.
								Doesn't have the frame or leg thickness of full<U+613C><U+3E64>-time, NFL running back. More slippery than shifty as a runner. Lacking dynamic one-cut ability to hit holes with burst. Thin lower half makes his running style slightly top heavy in space. Has to prove he can catch the football as a running back. Not strong enough to extend runs through force. Credited with just two broken tackles over his last 515 carries. Ball security is a concern. Had 32 fumbles with 18 lost during his time at Navy.
							
2016	Ken Crawley	2555357	CB	Colorado	Since his freshman year, Crawley has used his height and long arms to distract and disrupt receivers downfield. He broke up 21 passes in his first three seasons, intercepting two others (both in 2013). Crawley continued his progress as a player during his senior year, making 46 tackles while adding another 13 pass breakups and an interception to his career totals. Crawley's lack of interceptions kept him from receiving post-season accolades, but his height and length should earn him a long look at the next level.	Good height. Three-year starter who has played over 78 percent of the team's defensive snaps in all four seasons. Shows patience out of back pedal. Won't open to one side or the other based on basic, first move by receiver. Flashed bursts of athleticism in Shrine Game practices and was able to open hips and transition into a sprint. Has mirror and match ability on stop and go routes. Consistent tackle production. Has balanced approach and usually drives through running back?s legs in run support.
								Has had significant issues with discipline in his coverage. Not as vigilant as he should be in off coverage and allows people over the top of him with go routes and double moves. Plays high in his back<U+613C><U+3E64>pedal. Doesn't trust his technique down the field. Has been hit with a whopping 12 pass interference penalties over last two years. Needs more play strength and assertiveness to challenge blockers in run support. Has just three interceptions to 19 touchdowns allowed over his career. Lack of hustle in backside run support cost his team in Stanford game.
							
2016	Quinton Jefferson	2555358	DT	Maryland	A highly regarded high school recruit from Pennsylvania, Jefferson's career got off to a shaky start. His jaw was broken during a fight back home, putting off the beginning of his workouts with teammates. He came back, though, to play in nine games as a reserve (13 tackles) as a true freshman. Finally healthy and familiar with the defensive scheme, he started all 13 games in 2013 (45 tackles, 7.5 for loss, three sacks). Looking to build upon that performance, Jefferson started three games in 2014 (eight tackles, one for loss) but suffered a torn right ACL against West Virginia. He came back with a vengeance for his redshirt junior year, earning honorable mention All-Big Ten honors with 12.5 tackles for loss, 6.5 sacks, interceptions, and a blocked kick. The father of three then decided it was time to move on to the next level instead of returning to Maryland for his fifth campaign with the Terps.	Can come off the snap with low pad level and make initial penetration with leverage into the gap. Is a different player when his motor is right. Shows some disruptive qualities when he commits to the attack. Rushes passer with head fakes and stutter steps that create uncertainty in blockers. Flashes upper body strength. Has a nifty swim move tied to a jump <U+613C><U+3E64>cut for his go-to inside move. Married with children. Scouts consider him grounded.
								As play develops, pad level rises and allows himself to be redirected with punches under his armpit. Doesn't fire off the snap and into blockers with much juice. Rushes with a narrow base causing balance inconsistencies. Has thin ankles and below average lower body power. Lack of power in his base prevents him from fighting back against wash down blocks on the move. Suffered a torn ACL in 2014 that will have to pass medicals.
							
2016	Soma Vainuku	2555359	FB	USC	The cousin of former USC star and Bengals linebacker Rey Maualuga brings his full effort on every play. Vainuku, who had 2,202 rushing yards as a high school senior, didn't have much for offensive statistics in 2015 (two carries for four yards, one score, no receptions). In fact, he never carried the ball more than 10 times in a season for the Trojans (24 total carries for 148 yards and three TD) and only contributed as a receiver in his redshirt freshman (8-50) and sophomore (9-74, 1 TD) seasons. But he did make his presence felt on special teams each season, making 13 tackles on coverage units in 2013 and 2015, and blocking three punts as a sophomore. Vainuku was named first team All-Pac-12 on special teams and the Trojans' Special Teams Player of the Year for his 2013 efforts, and garnered second team All-Pac-12 honors as a senior for his special teams acumen.	Wide frame. Runs well enough to get outside as a lead blocker. More athletic than expected for a big fullback. On cover teams, is able to change directions in space and chase return man with decent speed. Finished his USC tenure with 37 special teams tackles. Team<U+613C><U+3E64>-first player. Father was a Rugby star in Tonga.
								Had three 15-yard penalties this year with limited amount of snaps. Must learn to play under control. Beaten out as Trojans' top option as lead blocker. Doesn't take control of defender's outside shoulder to secure the edge on outside flowing plays. Needs to play with more hip and knee bend to improve leverage at the point of attack. Hasn?t caught a pass in two years.
							
2016	V'Angelo Bentley	2555360	CB	Illinois	If Bentley was looking for a role model growing up, it didn't take long to find one. His mother, Angela, served two tours in Afghanistan and retired from the Air Force after 25 years of service. The work ethic instilled in him showed up early in college, as he worked his way onto the field as a freshman (11 tackles, three pass breakups, blocked field goal). As a sophomore, Bentley started eight games at cornerback (22 tackles, four for loss, one interception) and led the Big Ten in punt return average with 15.8 yards per attempt. Bentley became the first player in Illinois football history to return a punt, kickoff, fumble, and interception for a touchdown after getting the first two in 2013 and the last two in 2014. He earned honorable mention accolades in 2014 (46 tackles, 3.5 TFL, one INT, 815 kick/punt return yards) and 2015 (54 tackles, three TFL, sack, 743 kick/punt return yards). 	Diverse talent. Only player in school history to score on a kick return, punt return, interception and fumble. Heavy, drag<U+613C><U+3E64>-down tackler for his size. Allowed just one broken tackle and finished with 54 tackles on the season. Shows very good awareness to pre-snap movement and gets his secondary aligned with good communication. Actively attempts to redirect receivers in their routes from zone and sifts through combination routes quickly. Has some short area burst to the ball once he makes his read and fires forward. Has ability to challenge for a kick or punt return job early on.
								Measured in shorter than expected at the Shrine Game. Can be mismatched from the slot by size. Doesn't possess high end twitch in coverage. Feet have brief stall when trying to click and close from his backpedal. Gives away too much room to receivers in space. Lack of feel for routes and inability to spring forward instantly caused low interception and pass break up totals. Needs to do a better job of getting his head around and finding the football when it is in the air.
							
2016	Glenn Gronkowski	2555361	FB	Kansas St.	With three brothers already experiencing the NFL, it seemed logical for Glenn to head to the league a year early. Rob stars at tight end for the New England Patriots, while Chris and Dan had their time in the professional ranks as well.  (His oldest brorther, Gordie, played minor league baseball.) Glenn played a fullback role at Kansas State, participating in every game the last three seasons while getting starts in 20 of those 39 contests. His role as a fullback resulted in limited offensive production, but he found himself on an all-conference team each year. In 2013, he was an honorable mention pick (5-194, three TD receiving) by league coaches, the following year Gronkowski was a first team pick (5-99 receiving, TD; 4-6 rush) by coaches as well, and he finished off his career with a second-team all-conference effort (5-76 receiving, TD; 11-45 rush, TD). 	From athletic, football family. Utilized in running game and runs with some conviction. Gets good upward hand strike at point of attack and rolls hips through contact. Hand strength to sustain his blocks. Goal line pass-catching option. Has enough vertical speed to work up the field. Saw six of his 15 career catches go for 25-plus yards.
								Doesn't have great feel and instincts as run blocker. Will need to bring more funk behind his pads if he wants to win iso<U+613C><U+3E64> blocks against NFL inside linebackers. Works within offense, but doesn't create big play opportunities on his own. Limited elusiveness as a runner.
							
2016	Aaron Burbridge	2555362	WR	Michigan St.	The former top national recruit went from a solid contributor (29 catches, 358 yards, one score) as a junior to a big-time playmaker for quarterback Connor Cook and the Spartans in 2015. Burbridge was named the Big Ten Receiver of the Year as a senior, as well as first-team all-conference by league coaches and media after nabbing 85 catches for 1,258 yards (with seven touchdowns). Both those figures led the Big Ten, becoming just the second Spartans player to lead the conference in that category (Kirk Gibson in 1976 and 1978). When Cook went back to pass, his first, second and third looks were to Burbridge as he trusted his teammate to make the clutch third-down catch as well as high-point the deep ball. 	Has the body control and in<U+613C><U+3E64>-air athleticism to contort and come down with spectacular catches. Able to drop down and secure low throws and extend beyond his frame for diving catches left or right. At his best breaking off routes with suddenness and opening quickly for timing throws. Better at coming out of breaks to his left over his right. Detailed route-runner on double moves creating openings for big plays up top. Once on top of cornerbacks, looks to stack them to create throwing window for touch throws. Excellent at tracking the deep ball. Has 19 catches of 25-plus yards. Willing to match physical with physical at the top of his routes against huggers. Shows some aggressiveness as run blocker and gives effort when working up to safeties.
								Hands are inconsistent and don't appear to be strong enough to consistently succeed on contested catches. Showed some focus issues when routes worked towards the middle. Average foot quickness from press release. Play speed is consistent, but doesn't have an extra gear. Needs to do a better job of selling the deep route to back cornerbacks off. Acceleration from breaks is average. Film shows potential concern getting away from press cleanly. Doesn't win enough near the end zone. Gaudy stats took a big hit against upper-echelon competition. Hasn?t proven to be a playmaker after the catch.
							
2016	Henry Krieger Coble	2555363	TE	Iowa	Krieger-Coble and his first cousin, George Kittle (their mothers were sisters), formed a solid one-two punch at tight end for the Hawkeyes in their successful 2015 campaign. Krieger-Coble had to wait until this senior year, though, to break through for head coach Kirk Ferentz. He started one game in his redshirt freshman year (in a two-TE set), catching four passes for 30 yards and a touchdown. As a sophomore, he caught no passes despite playing in all 13 games. Krieger-Coble earned three starts in his junior year, catching three passes for 28 yards and two scores, but missed the final three games due to a shoulder injury. He finally was rewarded with the starting job in 2015, finishing second on the team with 35 receptions for 405 yards and one touchdown for a Hawkeyes squad that finished the regular season undefeated.	Comes out of his stance with purpose. Plays fast and with a sense of urgency. Has good shake out of his stems to gain advantage against coverage. Can sell linebackers into wrong turns in coverage with stutter steps and head fakes. Hard-nosed Hawkeye. Sturdy build with strength in his lower half for balance through contact. Will drop his head and deliver a blow after the catch. Can run through arm tackles. Knee<U+613C><U+3E64>-bender counted on to do his part as inline blocker. Capable cut-blocker. Makes accurate initial contact with defender and brings his feet with him. Well-schooled as run blocker.
								Started full-time just one season. Doesn't have desired length as an inline tight end. Catch radius is just average and won?t come down with many acrobatic catches. Hands appear to be solid, but he'll fight the ball from time to time. Has issues bodying his way out of coverage once defenders get into his frame down the field. True cover talent causes issues for him. Fumbled twice this season.
							
2016	Tyler Higbee	2555364	TE	Western Kentucky	Western Kentucky has had a bit of a run at the tight end position the past few years, with Jack Doyle drafted by the Colts in 2013 and Mitchell Henry getting his shot with multiple teams last summer. Higbee could be the best of the trio. The converted receiver added weight to his frame and when given the chance to show his stuff against Marshall as a junior, made six catches for 99 yards and three scores. He built on that in 2015, teaming up with two-time Conference USA MVP to put up some of the best numbers for any tight end in the country (38-563, eight TD) despite missing five-plus games with a knee injury. 	Former wide receiver with a smooth, wide<U+613C><U+3E64>-open gait when he hits top gear. Has big hands. Had just one drop this season and showed ability to recover the catch when he juggled a throw. Becomes a body catcher who can protect the ball in traffic. Willing to work middle of the field and take hits. Quick and slippery off line of scrimmage and into routes. Very good acceleration out of his breaks and can be a tough cover for safeties. Has the speed and toughness to work all three levels of the field. Can own the Y-seam with his vertical speed and hands. Immediately opens and looks for expedited throws when he's over the top of inside linebackers. Has frame for more muscle mass. Extremely competitive after the catch with speed, elusiveness and decent power. Can carry body tacklers after the catch.
								Still has work to do filling out his frame. Slow to adjust to blocking assignment during flow of play. Not powerful enough yet to handle NFL edge power as inline blocker. Doesn't run feet through block to sustain. Upright into his breaks. Needs route polish for underneath routes. Can get better at creating additional leverage through crisper routes. Suffered through a knee sprain that cost him four games before re-aggravating it in Conference USA Championship Game. Missed his bowl game and expected to miss Senior Bowl because of it.
							
2016	Brandon Allen	2555365	QB	Arkansas	A three-year starter for the Razorbacks, Allen really came on in the second half of his senior year to open the eyes of scouts. In fact, the Fayetteville native, son of the school's director of high school and NFL relations, and one-time Arkansas High School Player of the Year improved each year. He completed less than 50 percent of his passes for 1,552 yards and 13 touchdowns as a sophomore, hit 56 percent of his passes for 2,285 yards and 20 scores in 2014, and then connected on 66 percent of throws in 2015 for 3,340 yards and 30 touchdowns (against just eight interceptions). This improvement isn't lost on the eyes of NFL teams. 	Showed substantial growth as field leader and play<U+613C><U+3E64>maker. Comfortable under center and is effective on bootlegs and rollouts. Completion percentage jumped from 56 percent in 2014 to 66 percent this year. Outstanding 64 percent rate on intermediate throws. Good catch-and-run ball placement on crossing routes. Sneaky arm talent. Able to pump fake, reset and throw with accuracy. Swift setup in the pocket with a prompt release. Gets ball out in rhythm in rollouts. Rotates hips through throws for quality velocity. Arm to make NFL throws and has drive velocity and accuracy to challenge tight windows in middle of the field. Able to extend plays outside the pocket and find a throw or scramble for first downs. Doubled completions of 20-plus yards from 24 (2014) to 48 this year.
								Smallish frame takes hard hits when he runs. Benefited from play-action based passing attack. Just over 40 percent of his dropbacks were out of play-action. Rarely looks to take deep shots down the sideline against man coverage. Not asked to get through very many progressions and brings safeties to his throws by staring down his targets. Could make life easier by moving safeties around with his eyes. When pocket heats up, he will drop eyes and look to bolt.
							
2016	Deiondre' Hall	2555366	CB	Northern Iowa	Hall's head coach, Mark Farley, has stated that Hall could play any position on defense because of his good attitude, football intelligence, and tenacious nature. He started at safety as a freshman, played as a lean rover at times his sophomore year, and then moved to the outside later that year before starring at the position in 2014 (racking up 74 tackles and five picks). Farley and his defensive coaches moved Hall between corner and safety in 2015, and he saw success in both spots, earning multiple All-American honors and the Missouri Valley Football Conference Defensive Player of the Year award with 82 tackles, 5.5 for loss, and three forced fumbles. He also returned two of his league-best six interceptions for touchdowns, giving him a school-record four "pick sixes" in his career. 	Has the arm length of a left tackle. Long arms are extremely disruptive against 50/50 balls. Uses length to stuff blockers and get into the action. Values run support and tackling and is never shy. Unusually high tackle count for a cornerback (82 this season) and forced three fumbles. Not intimidated by physical receivers from bigger programs. Offers help outside his area if he reads quarterback?s intentions. Closes the deal when he has a shot at an interception finishing with 13 for his career including six this year. Instinctive and aware in thirds coverage and looked comfortable playing from safety slot.
								Sticky inside foot that is slow to react against quick, inside release against press coverage. Lanky body doesn't come with loose hips. Struggles to open and run with speed when beaten off the line. Recovery speed is below average. Long strider missing stop-<U+613C><U+3E64>start athletic traits to maintain tight, man coverage. Uses jabs to receivers downfield as safety net that will be called penalties in the pros. Doesn't have desired bulk and strength as a safety.
							
2016	Jake Coker	2555367	QB	Alabama	Coker was inconsistent, at best, this season as the starter for the Crimson Tide after getting on the field in just 17 games while at Florida State (2011-2013) and his first year at Alabama. Coker backed up first round pick E.J. Manuel in 2012 and Heisman Trophy winner Jameis Winston in 2013, seeing limited time. He could not beat out veteran Blake Sims for the starting job once arriving in Tuscaloosa, though he did play a bit (38-59, 64.4 percent, 403 yards, four TD, no INT in 7 games).  But as Coker's first year as a starter progressed, there was improvement that NFL teams undoubtedly noticed. He won Offensive MVP honors in the Cotton Bowl win over Michigan State (25-30, 286 yards, two TD), which sent the Tide to the national title game against Clemson. Coker passed for a career-high 335 yards, connecting with tight end O.J. Howard for two scores, helping Alabama win its fourth title in seven years.	Outstanding size and overall build and looks the part of an NFL quarterback. When needed, can call on more heat on his fastball. Finished the season with 30 completions of 25-plus yards. Throws deep ball with touch and enough accuracy. Classic step-<U+613C><U+3E64>and-throw delivery with sound mechanics from the pocket. Ball comes out with a tight spiral. Is generally accurate with solid ball placement when feet are planted and comfortable. Poise is okay. Despite size is a functional scrambler out of the pocket with six carries going for 15-plus yards. Played his best football in the postseason.
								Deliberate to the point of being slow in his setup. Delivery and release are lethargic allowing linemen to bat throws down and corners to get a head start. Needs plays to stay on schedule. May not have arm talent and twitch to cut accurate throws loose from off-balance angles. Accuracy becomes very iffy when rolling out to his right. Stares down targets. Plenty of single read throws. Will run himself into sacks and pressure. Not a fit for "hero ball". Needs to get rid of ball rather than keep trying to make something happen.
							
2016	Jeff Overbaugh	2555368	LS	San Diego St.	The Overbaughs take serious road trips to watch their son, Jeff, play for the Aztecs. They live in Alaska, where his father, Bill, is the recreational director of the state's Bureau of Land Management. They've been able to see him play from Day 1, as he took over the snapping duties as a true freshman. Four years and 53 games later, he's been about as reliable for the Aztecs as a collegiate long snapper can be, connecting on 510 straight snaps. Chris Rubio, a well-known snapping instructor, named Overbaugh second team All-American for the 2015 season. 	Good snap speed<U+613C><U+3E64> and accuracy for field goals and punts. Balls comes out with a tight spiral and finishes laces out most of the time on field goals. Has never bounced or snapped it over the holder or punter's head. Attended long-snapping camps in the summer growing up. Trained by long snap guru Chris Rubio.
								Camped amongst Kodiak bears growing up.
							
2016	Jimmy Landes	2555369	LS	Baylor	Long snappers are typically not two-sport athletes in college, but Landes managed the feat during his time at Baylor. An honorable mention all-state pick from Tyler, Texas, Landes walked on as a snapper on the football team for the 2011 season and got on the field much more quickly than anticipated. An injury to the starting snapper in the second game of the year put Landes on the field for 11 games as a true freshman. Although he acquitted himself well, he decided to redshirt in football for 2012 so he could focus on catching for the Bears' baseball squad. With limited success on the diamond (four starts, .048 batting average), he came back to the football team in 2013 as a back-up. The lead snapper job -- and a scholarship -- opened up before the 2014 season, and Landes excelled in the position in both his junior and senior seasons.	Former college catcher at Baylor. Good accuracy on his punt snaps with decent snap speed. Accurate field goal snapper all of 2015.
								Not a great athlete to chase for tackles on punt coverage. Had minor issues with snap accuracy on field goals in 2014.
							
2016	Jordan Payton	2555370	WR	UCLA	Payton finished his career as the UCLA record-holder for career receptions, grabbing 201 passes in his four year on campus. A four-star recruit from famed Oaks Christian High School, he helped his team win two state titles. Payton didn?t take long to make an impact with the Bruins, starting four times as a true freshman (18-202, one TD in 13 games) and 10 times as a sophomore (38-440, one TD). He led the team with 67 catches for 957 yards and seven touchdowns in his second year as a starter in 2014, and upped his game even more last fall (78-1,105 yards, five scores) playing with freshman passer Josh Rosen. The two-time honorable mention All-Pac 12 selection by league coaches also has an entrepreneurial side, as he began Long Awaited clothing line with two friends while in high school.	Thickly built for a wideout with broad shoulders. Productive target over last two seasons with 145 catches. Works back to the throw. Bodies up smaller corners and keeps them away from the throw. Has strength in his hands to brush away press coverage or latch onto cornerbacks and sustain blocks as a run blocker. Finished 2015 with 14 catches of 25-plus yards.
								Painfully slow in his release and attempt to maneuver around press coverage. Struggles to avoid redirect blows inside of his routes and takes time to gear back up. Needs a long runway to build<U+613C><U+3E64>up his vertical speed. Doesn't have getaway speed to maintain any separation he creates. Will have to live with contested catch opportunities.
							
2016	Joe Haeg	2555371	OT	North Dakota St.	Every draft since 2010 has seen at least one offensive lineman from a non-FBS school drafted in the top 100. Haeg is this year's best candidate, as the 2014 (AP, AFCA) and 2015 (AP, Walter Camp) All-American hopes to follow in his former teammate's shoes; tackle Billy Turner was drafted in the third round by Miami in 2014. This former walk-on received the Top Collegiate Offensive Lineman award from the FCS Athletic Directors Association in 2015, as well. Haeg, a two-time first team All-Missouri Valley Conference pick, started 60 of a possible 61 games (29 at right tackle, 32 on the left side after Turner went to the NFL).	Athletic build with potential to add more bulk to his frame. Four-year starter who comes from winning program. Has played both tackle spots. Plays with good posture in his pass sets and uses his length effectively. Can get to the perimeter quickly and seal the edge when asked to short pull around the corner. Agile with lateral quickness. Drives his feet up and along line of scrimmage to maintain leverage in zone engagement. Doesn't panic against spin moves in pass rush.
								Gets caught on the balls of his feet in pass pro rather than sitting down to throw his punch. Needs more knee bend in pass sets. Core strength looks like a major concern. Wasn't challenged by premier athletes on the edge. Timing on combo blocks needs work. Shows better athletic ability laterally than when asked to find targets in space. Zone scheme only lineman. Leans and pushes rather than driving with his lower body. Struggles to sustain and control his blocks even when he wins early in rep.
							
2016	K.J. Dillon	2555372	S	West Virginia	Dillon stepped up his game in his senior year after teammate Karl Joseph went down to injury. He finished with 55 tackles, 7.5 for loss, two interceptions and eight pass break-ups, garnering second team All-Big 12 accolades. Dillon went through the typical ascension through his career in Morgantown, playing on special teams and as a reserve safety as a true freshman (20 tackles, forced fumble) before becoming a part-time starter in 2013 (28 tackles, three for loss, team-leading six pass breakups). He only played in nine games that year, however, because a case of severe dehydration suffered in November landed him first in the hospital and then on the sideline for the remainder of the season. Dillon came back with a vengeance as a junior, though, starting 12 games, making 62 tackles, and tying for the team lead with three interceptions and seven pass breakups.	Angular with good overall length. Makes attacking the catch point a priority. Has had 20 passes defensed and five interceptions over the last two seasons. Shows an ability to play high or low. Reads his keys and fires downhill to support. Good athleticism. Shows some man cover ability from the slot. Responsive to receivers who try and cross his face in zone. Plays with reactive athleticism and burst to click and close on throws. Involved tackler from near the box.
								His "turn and run" speed takes time to ramp up from man coverage. Mechanical and stiff in his backpedal. Holds when he thinks he?s beaten. Catch and drag tackler around the box with limited high-impact production as tackler. Doesn't run through his tackles and can be taken for a ride by running backs. Too many missed tackles when coming downhill without enough body control.
							
2016	K.J. Maye	2555373	WR	Minnesota	It was a childhood dream for Maye to play in the 2016 Reese's Senior Bowl, as he grew up in Mobile, playing his games at Ladd-Peebles Stadium and attending Senior Bowl practices. His inclusion in the game as a late add was not just due to Mobile being his hometown, however. Maye's athleticism was evident early in his career with the Gophers, as he started twice as a true freshman, rushing for 57 yards on 17 carries and catching 11 passes for 49 yards. His contributions did not increase in 2013 (one start; 2-19 rushing; 7-70 receiving), but coaches utilized his quickness a bit more in his junior campaign (five starts; 23-144, TD rushing; 16-298, TD receiving). That taste of production caused Maye to double his efforts last season, leading to consensus honorable mention All-Big Ten honors (73-773, five TD receiving; 9-46, TD rushing). And though his experience as a kick (18-313) and punt (4-56) returner for Minnesota were limited, Maye will likely get his shot there at the next level.	Will not be outworked in practice. Mentally tough and extremely resilient overcoming obstacles from junior high up to college. Consistent in his play speed in and out of his breaks. Uses burst and above average routes to uncover against man and twitch-to-field awareness to open windows against zone. Able to sell complex routes and makes them work for him. Makes contested catches he has no business making and plays with great feet near the sideline. The more you watch, the more you like. High school quarterback and point guard with leadership traits. Has strong, supportive parents.
								Expected to measure at under 5-foot-10. Doesn't have the length to protect the ball against intrusive, tight coverage. Willing blocker but teams may not trust the size. Quick, but lacks a top gear. Scouts believe he might be limited as a short-<U+613C><U+3E64>area slot target only. Used as jet-back but didn't show enough wiggle to be a consistent threat. Low throws give him some trouble.
							
2016	Ka'imi Fairbairn	2555374	K	UCLA	Thankfully Fairbairn only goes by Ka'imi, because his full first name is a mouthful: Ka'iminoeauloameka'ikeokekumupa'a. Fairbairn was the first Bruin to total over 100 points in each of his four collegiate seasons, saving his best season for last. The 2015 Lou Groza Award winner connected on 20 of 24 attempts in 2015, improving from his 18-for-22 mark in 2014. Fairbairn made two of three attempts from 50 yards out or more, including a 60-yarder against Cal. His ability to force touchbacks on kickoffs also catches the eyes of scouts (119 of 164 in 2014-2015, or 72.6 percent). A dual threat like that is coveted by special teams coaches across the league, making this Hawaii native a wanted man.	Incredible precision as a kicker. Made all 16 of his kicks this season from 40 yards and in and finished college with a streak of 41 straight makes from 35 and in. Lou Groza Award winner and Pac-12 all<U+613C><U+3E64>-time leading scorer. Has a powerful leg. Nailed 60-yard field goal at the end of the half against Cal. Successful kickoff specialist as well with no kicks out of bounds and a touchback rate of 70 percent. Kicks with consistent rise trajectory.
								Three of his four misses came in the fourth quarter. Kickoff hang time was average by NFL standards. Could cause major issues for jersey maker if he asks to go by given name Ka'iminoeauloameka'ikeokekumupa'a.
							
2016	Kevin Peterson	2555375	CB	Oklahoma St.	While not the tallest or thickest corner in the draft class, Peterson might be one of the toughest, coming back from preseason knee surgery and playing through an ankle injury during his senior year to be named first team All-Big 12. The three-year starter actually got his first opportunity with the first team in the Cowboys' final game of his freshman season (20 tackles, two pass breakups). The former state high school 100-meter and 200-meter champion has produced in coverage (two interceptions, 11 pass breakups in 2014; one INT, six PBU in 2015) and is willing to mix it up on the outside, totaling 101 stops the past two years.	Smart player. Plays with field awareness and a high IQ. Responds from quarters coverage when he sees a safety needs help. Can flip hips and hit his top speed fairly quickly. Reads cues from receiver's eyes when deep ball is approaching and times his breakup attempt. Confident demeanor on the field and in coverage. Peeks in on quarterback from zone and is quick to help attack a slot throw. More aware than instinctive. Patient feet from press coverage and has adequate directional change. Not a big guy, but will mix it up against the run. Held his own against Josh Doctson and Corey Coleman.
								His height is borderline but his frame is smaller than desired by NFL standards for outside corners. Allowed four broken tackles. Will sit down to challenge receivers underneath, but a step slow to recognize when to turn and chase. Recovery speed is average. Not a long corner and needs to crowd receivers to make plays on the ball. Physical receivers with size can put him on their hip. Gears get stuck in neutral when trying to burst forward from top of his backpedal.
							
2016	Lawrence Thomas	2555376	DT	Michigan St.	Ranked in the top 30 of all recruits nationally coming out of Detroit, Thomas could have signed on with many different programs across the country.  He stayed close to home, however, signing with the Spartans. Thomas redshirted in 2011 before splitting the next season between defensive end, fullback (he caught seven passes for 78 yards), and defensive tackle. He missed the first half of the 2013 season with a back injury, managing only on the year. Thomas proved healthy the following year, starting every game (12 at nose tackle despite his tall, athletic build), making 30 tackles, 4.5 for loss. MSU coaches moved him at defensive end for most of his senior season, resulting in career highs in tackles (38), tackles for loss (five), sacks (three), and pass break-ups (six). This improvement did not escape Big Ten coaches, who voted him honorable mention all-conference.	Outstanding athleticism for a man his size. Came in as a linebacker before moving to defensive line. Has muscular, well<U+613C><U+3E64>-defined lower body with very little bad weight on his frame. Knee-bender who comes off ball looking to strike a leveraged, upward blow. Good motor and is always working to improve his positioning with footwork and upper body strength. Hard to get him sealed and won?t quit on plays. Plays with good lateral bend and quickness. Unselfish and does dirty work asked of him to keep linebackers flowing. Can be a two-down power end or has room for more weight to be play inside.
								Hard worker, but lacking in overall production. Not much of a finisher on the other side of the line. Needs to get into blocker's framework more quickly with his hands. Aggressive in his "take on" but could improve with the quickness of his control and shed. Effort pass rusher who didn?t get home much with the Spartans. Uses a random spin move that gains little ground. Doesn't seem to rush passer with a plan.
							
2016	Ross Martin	2555377	K	Duke	When the Blue Devils landed the top-rated kicker recruit in the country for the 2012 season, they found a reliable scorer of which most other schools could only wish. Martin came three points short of clearing 100 points in each of his four seasons (106 in 2012, 97 in 2013, 107 in 2014, 120 in 2015). He missed only one extra point in his career (196 for 197) and made 84 percent of his field goal attempts even with a "down year" in 2013 (68.4 percent made, one of four from 40-49 yards). Martin made eight of ten attempts from 50 yards away or longer -- going four-for-four in 2015. He received All-ACC notice each year, as well, being voted honorable mention as a freshman and sophomore and consensus third team all-conference in his junior and senior seasons.  Martin had kickoff duties in three of his four years, causing 72 touchbacks in 228 tries.	Considered a true technician in the kicking world. After a rough sophomore season, bounced back with outstanding accuracy over the next two seasons. Connected on 90.5 percent of his kicks in 2014 and 86.7 percent in 2015. Accurate from deep. Made 4-of-4 from 50-plus this season and has made 8-of-10 lifetime from that range. Has made 13-of-16 from 40-plus over the last two seasons. Has never had a field goal or extra point blocked. High school punter who could punt in a pinch. Known for mental toughness.
								Might not have a leg big enough for NFL kick<U+613C><U+3E64>off duties. Averaged just 59.9 yards per kickoff with a hang-
time that has never ended up higher than 3.72 for any single season. Had two kickoffs returned for touchdowns this season. Missed twice in a game against Virginia Tech including potential game-winner with 1:04 left in regulation.
							
2016	Tavon Young	2555378	CB	Temple	Young went from high school football and track star (his 4x100-meter relay team won at the Penn Relays, set Maryland high school record) in the Washington, D.C. area to a starting corner for two games for the Owls as a true freshman, intercepting two passes. That success earned him a shared starting spot in his sophomore year (one interception, five pass break-ups). He became a playmaker as a junior, picking off opposing quarterback four times, leading the conference with 153 return yards and returning one interception for a touchdown. Young had surgery on his left knee before his senior year, but it didn't stop him from excelling in his final campaign with the Owls. His lack of statistical production kept him off all-conference teams in 2015 (41 tackles, five for loss, sack, seven pass breakups), but that was partially due to his ability to shut down opposing receivers.	Plays bigger and more physically than his listed height/weight. Drives through receivers with force at the point of the catch and can jar the ball free. Plays with winning ball skills. Grabbed four interceptions and had 14 passes defensed in 2014. Crowds receivers upfield and gets his head around to find the ball. Will violently rip and thrash at the ball to prevent a catch. Comfortable in bail coverage.
								Teeny<U+613C><U+3E64>-tiny. Gets grabby and starts to maul when running with big receivers. Flagged for five pass interference penalties this season. Doesn?t have twitch or fluid change of direction found in most smallish corners. Gets caught guessing on route recognition. Open to a side early and, at times, in the wrong direction. Feet are clunky when opening up to run with receivers. Narrow base from backpedal brings balance issues affecting his closing burst.
							
2016	Tyvis Powell	2555379	FS	Ohio St.	Powell just seems to make big plays in big games. He intercepted Michigan's two-point attempt to win the rivalry game as a redshirt freshman in 2013, He picked off a Hail Mary attempt by Alabama in the 2014 college football semifinal, ensuring the Buckeyes could go on to win the championship ? where he won Defensive MVP honors against Oregon (game-high nine tackles, pass break-up). Then he intercepted yet another pass in Ohio State?s win over Notre Dame in the Fiesta Bowl. After that contest, Powell (who graduated in three and a half years) decided to take his game to the NFL.  He played in all 14 games in that redshirt freshman season, starting five times (48 tackles, one interception). Earning the full-time starter spot in 2014, Powell made 76 tackles, two for loss, while intercepting four passes and breaking up four others. His play as a junior merited honorable mention All-Big Ten honors from coaches and media, as he led the Buckeyes with three interceptions and made 71 tackles on the year.	Has plus traits that lead to quality ball skills. Can run. Plays with range speed necessary to come from opposite hash and challenge the deep ball. Good leaper with high point springs. Twitch is there to break on in-<U+613C><U+3E64>cutting routes and make a play. Has excellent hands and comes down with the interception when it is there for him. Posted seven interceptions over last two seasons. Able to track down runners turning the corner. Can get into action quickly against short, locker room and keeps things loose.
								Despite his quality size, is not going to thump much. Waist-bending head ducker into his tackles. Waits on running backs to get up to him rather than attacking downhill into them. Runners fall forward against him too often. Fails to make consistently squared contact as a tackler and was charged with 13 broken or missed tackles in 2015. Needs to trust his intelligence and instincts and jump more. Let deep ball responsibility get behind him when locking in on quarterback.
							
2016	Cyrus Jones	2555380	CB	Alabama	Jones switched from receiver to cornerback for his sophomore campaign in 2013, and then blossomed into a second-team All-SEC pick by league media in 2014 (three interceptions, 13 pass deflections) in spite of a torn labrum in his hip, which was surgically repaired in the offseason. He started all 15 games his senior year, improving in coverage (two INT, seven PBU) and putting to rest concerns about his hip. Teams might be more interested in him as a punt returner, though, as his four touchdowns on a nation-leading 42 attempts in 2015 (12.6 yard average) came up one short of tying the FBS record. A domestic violence charge that was dropped against him last spring will make teams take a hard look at his character references.	Press corner with good build and strong lower half. Plus play strength. Confident and tough. Able to reroute and maintain positioning on receivers. From off coverage waits as long as he can before opening hips to turn and run. Willing to mix it up and likes to test receivers early in the game in an attempt to intimidate them. Plays receivers physically when they try to block him and is excellent in run support. Diligent in run contain duties. Scouts say he is well liked in the locker room and has some edge. Excellent return man. Blistered coverage units with four punt return touchdowns this year. Nicknamed "Clamp Clampington".
								Doesn't check the height or length boxes teams want from outside cornerbacks. Run game awareness wanes when matched up in press coverage. Can be run up and off of run support. Not able to run with pure man<U+613C><U+3E64>-cover speed. Allows receivers to uncover at the top of their routes and doesn?t have desired recovery quickness. Plays with average balance. Inconsistent finding ball in man coverage. Needs better awareness of receivers behind him in zone coverage. Big receivers can go up and over him in the red zone.
							
2016	DeAndre Houston-Carson	2555381	FS	William & Mary	Houston-Carson's 2014 season ended early due to injury (67 tackles, three interceptions in nine games), but he returned to form in 2015 -- winning consensus All-American honors at free safety after starting for three years at cornerback. He has prototypical size and plenty of speed to make plays in the deep secondary, intercepting four passes, returning one for a 94-yard score in 2015. Houston-Carson also possesses secure tackling skills which helped him lead the team with 109 stops on the year (4.5 for loss). "DHC" started as a redshirt freshman (55 tackles, one interceptions, seven pass breakups) and sophomore (62 tackles, 4.5 TFL, 2 INT, 11 PBU), too. Houston-Carson also presents special-teams prowess, with nine career blocked kicks and working as a gunner on coverage units.	Team captain. Combines a nose for the ball and a hot motor to fill up stat sheet. Slippery on his way to the ball with ability to weave through traffic and slip blocks. Plays with plus balance and is able to withstand contact from blocker and stay in the play. High<U+613C><U+3E64>-end, charged up tackler with some explosion behind his pads a high-end tackle production. Former cornerback with a background in man coverage. Has twitch and acceleration to match slot receivers out of their breaks. Plays with outstanding awareness of man and ball in zone coverage. Snared seven interceptions over last two years. Special teams gunner and overall ace with multiple coverage tackles. Gets out of his stance in a flash and has unique talent for blocking kicks including four punts in nine games in 2014.
								Top-end speed to recover and drive from the hash towards the deep sideline is just average. Pad level can get too high robbing him of "stop now" tackle strength against running backs. Gets himself in trouble with some of his angles to the ball. Will take direct angles in his chase leaving little margin for error. Former cornerback still learning proper leverage as a run supporter at safety. Must learn to balance natural aggressiveness with necessary caution. Tapered frame may not be able to add much more weight.
							
2016	Jake Ganus	2555382	ILB	Georgia	When the University of Alabama at Birmingham decided to discontinue its football program in December of 2014 (only to reinstate it soon thereafter), Ganus and other players on the team needed to find new homes. Ganus was basically a recruit again, as many schools were interested in having him in the middle of their defense. He started 10 games as a hometown hero at UAB in 2012 (63 tackles, 3.5 for loss, three pass breakups) and led the Blazers in tackles as a sophomore (93 tackles, eight for loss). Conference USA coaches voted him second team all-conference as a junior, as he again led the team with 70 tackles, 16.5 for loss including six sacks.  Ganus picked up where he left off between the hedges, leading the team with 102 stops, five for loss, and intercepting two passes for the Bulldogs.	Was able to transition from C<U+613C><U+3E64>onference-USA into the SEC and still play productive football. Praised for leadership ability on and off the field. Reads keys quickly and allows them to lead him to the ball. Tough and willing in the scrum. Heart is much bigger than his frame. Understands size limitations and will hide himself behind defensive line when he can. Looks for gaps to shoot into and attack the run early.
								Small for an inside linebacker. Puffed up frame doesn't carry natural, functional strength. Was frequently smothered by Alabama's Ryan Kelly and the rest of the offensive line when they played. Unable to take on blockers and maintain his run fits. Average athlete with below-average speed in open spaces. Size and athletic limitation created too many missed and broken tackles. Sluggish in his drops into space vs. pass.
							
2016	Jalen Mills	2555383	FS	LSU	In August, Mills fractured his left fibula (leg) and tore ligaments in his ankle. So he took a redshirt year, right? Wrong. He came back to play in six games, starting the final five at nickelback or safety (30 tackles, sack, three pass breakups). Mills' toughness wasn?t surprising given his strength as a tackler (62 stops in 2014) and the hands to create turnovers consistently (six interceptions in his first three years). LSU is known for the talent in their secondary, but that didn't stop Mills from starting at cornerback as a true freshman (57 tackles, two INT, five PBU) after Tyrann Mathieu was dismissed from the team.  Though scouts will love his versatility, they have questions about an arrest for second-degree battery of a woman in the summer of 2014 (the charges were eventually reduced to a misdemeanor and he was assigned to a diversion program).	Four-year starter from deep, talented conference. Has slot cover ability. Hips are loose and he's able to open and mirror receivers from press. Uses crisp, controlled footwork out of his transitions. Locates the deep pass and can turn to make plays on the ball. Very aware from zone and handles his responsibilities without many busts. Good blitzer from the slot.
								Thin<U+613C><U+3E64>-waisted with a finesse frame.Takes iffy angles to the ball and isn?t as committed in run support as evaluators would like. Was not a productive tackler near the line of scrimmage. Mix and match traits might have him caught between slot corner and free safety. Lacks desired speed to carry vertical threats. Shows some confusion on combo routes.
							
2016	Jared Norris	2555384	ILB	Utah	Norris hopes to be the next Ute end/linebacker to enter the NFL (recent draftees include Joe and Paul Kruger, Koa Misi, Nate Orchard and Trevor Reilly). He played as a reserve as a redshirt freshman before starting seven games the following year (64 tackles, 4.5 for loss, two sacks). Norris came into his own as a junior, receiving honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors  with 116 tackles, 13 for loss, and four sacks. Even though his statistics weren't as impressive in 2015 (87 tackles, 6.5 for loss, one sack), league coaches named him second team all-conference because he showed stoutness between the tackles and a burst to the ball which portends a solid NFL career.	Team leader. Responds easily in change of direction. Quick lateral scrape for run fit positioning. Stays locked into ball carrier as he flows. Instinctive with a great feel for potential run lane choices as a play develops. Good reactive quickness to change gaps as play flow changes. Willing to meet force with force with taking on lead blockers in the hole. Stays busy all the time. Healthier in 2014 and produced better production in sacks and tackles.
								Takes on with shoulder too often over hands and exposes his chest. Attempts to take on blockers with angles which can get him driven out of the gap. Plays and flows with elevated pad level creating issues redirecting against wash blocks. Needs more knee bend taking on second-level blockers. Very average chase speed. Straight line attacker who struggles to gather and make sudden change of direction in space as a tackler.
							
2016	Jeremy Cash	2555385	SS	Duke	The Blue Devils are looking for their first back-to-back drafts with a first-round pick in school history, and the former Ohio State Buckeye (he played five games as a true freshman in 2011 before transferring due to the change of coaches) has the sort of all-around game a team may covet enough to use an early pick to secure his services. He's a real presence in the box, as he showed during his sophomore season (121 tackles, 9.5 tackles for loss, four interceptions) and in another outstanding year in 2014 (111 tackles, 10.5 for loss, 5.5 sacks, two picks, seven pass breakups). Cash was recognized as a second-team All-ACC player, as well as receiving second team All-American notice, in both seasons.  In his senior year, Cash joined last year's first-round Blue Devil, guard Laken Tomlinson, as a consensus All-American by amassing 101 tackles, 18 for loss, 2.5 sacks, four pass break-ups, and three forced fumbles.  The Bronco Nagurski and Jim Thorpe Award committees named him a finalist, and ACC coaches named him not only the conference Defensive Player of the Year, but also its top scholar-athlete.  Unfortunately, Cash could not play in the team's bowl game against Indiana, sitting out the Pinstripe Bowl after having surgery on his right wrist. 	Very big and very physical. All about it every time he steps inside the box. Eye-<U+613C><U+3E64>popping impact tackle production with 33 of his 98 tackles in 2015 coming for gains of two yards or less. Finished with 326 tackles and seven forced fumbles over last three years. Long arms and big hands for the position. Looks like a small linebacker on the hoof. Comes diving off the edge to upend running backs before they hit the crease. Plays with big closing burst when he smells blood. Runs through targets with force and can separate receivers from the catch. Brings the fight to FBs and move TEs who try to come at him. Rabid run-supporter when he's in attack mode.
								Will struggle in space if asked to match up in man coverage. Plays with tight, stiff hips that limit sudden movements and change of direction. Can't flip hips and accelerate without intensive labor. Slow to drop into zone coverage with proper depth from line of scrimmage. Allows receivers to consistently uncover at the top of their routes. Will have to be protected in coverage. Scheme-limited. Had surgery this season for a broken wrist and will need to pass medical tests.
							
2016	Sean Davis	2555386	CB	Maryland	Davis speaks English, French, Chinese ... and the language of pain. At least that's what opposing ball carriers feel as he flies into them with reckless abandon. He was credited with more than 100 tackles in both his sophomore and junior seasons, and earned honorable mention All-Big Ten notice from league media by making 88 tackles, intercepting three passes, and ranking among the FBS leaders in forced fumbles with five in 2015. His versatility will certainly be coveted by NFL scouts, as will his athleticism, height/length, and tenacious play.	Big, broad frame with absolutely shredded physique. Showed mental toughness. Bounced back from awful Bowling Green game to make numerous plays against South Florida the next week. Has size to battle against move tight ends. Leaps and challenges aggressively on 50/50 throws. Grabbed three interceptions in 2015. Around the ball and in the mix. Posted 298 tackles over three years as a starter. Comes firing downhill with purpose when it is time to get help against the run. Looks to lay the wood to receivers and make them feel it. Second in the nation with five forced fumbles. Has played safety and cornerback.
								At times, was disastrous in man coverage. Dinged for 614 yards receiving against him. Slow, upright backpedal and clunky when turning to run. Seemed to be too big and lacking in foot quickness needed to play cornerback. Flagged for four pass interferences, a late hit and a personal foul this year. Charged with ten touchdowns allowed over last two seasons. Missed tackle numbers are troubling with 40 over last three years. Allows too much separation and can?t click and close on throws.
							
2016	Cody Kessler	2555387	QB	USC	Physically, there's nothing special about Kessler; he possesses average size, an adequate arm, and fair athleticism (though he can effectively move within the pocket, which is important). The three-year starter could never crack Pac-12 first or second all-conference teams from league coaches, thrice finishing in the honorable mention category. However, Kessler was a finalist for the Johnny Unitas Golden Arm Award the past two years because he moves the offense efficiently (3,826 yards, completed 69.7 percent of his passes; 3,536, 66.8 percent in 2015) and doesn?t turn the ball over much (39 touchdowns, five interceptions in 2014; 29 TD, 7 INT in 2015). In fact, Kessler owns the school record for career completion percentage at 67.5.	Baseline accuracy is pro quality. Never had a completion percentage lower than 65 percent as a three-<U+613C><U+3E64>year starter. Will take what the defense gives them and keep the chains moving. Able to play "backyard catch" with open receivers underneath if defenses let him. Delivered from the pocket with a 70.4 completion percentage rate. Adequate arm strength. Good general sense of running an offense. Gets through progressions quickly. Has pocket feel with ability to climb the pocket to throw or escape from side doors when necessary.
								Just a shade over 6-foot-1, which is smaller than teams like. Below average move accuracy as a passer. Ability to hit targets with catchable throws falls off the table when forced to scramble. Doesn't show poise or arm strength for deep routes needing additional time to develop. Footwork unsettled by perceived pocket pressure. Tends to hesitate over anticipating and trusting his arm. Low-risk, low-reward approach. Rarely makes the "wow" throws with velocity or touch. Feet look jittery when moving from read to read.
							
2016	D.J. Reader	2555388	NT	Clemson	It's been a tough road for Reader since his father passed away in 2014, but if NFL scouts believe he is through that rough patch, they will have great interest in his ability to eat space in the middle of the defensive line.  Just before the 2015 season began, Reader decided to leave the team for personal reasons. He returned in October, playing nine games on the year (13 tackles, 1.5 for loss). Expectations were high for Reader coming into the season because the Tigers lost a lot of talent to the NFL, and he flashed as a top reserve as a sophomore (43 tackles, five TFL, three sacks) and junior (27 tackles, 2.5 TFL, 1.5 sacks). Even as a freshman, who was highly-rated as both an offensive line and defensive line prospect out of high school, Reader earned a lot of playing time (40 tackles).  He even played first base for the Clemson baseball in the spring of 2013, though his playing time was limited (0-for-3, three putouts in seven games).	Carries his 340 pounds fairly well on his stout frame. Almost always the low man at the point of attack. Able to leverage blockers and displace them. Plays with enough motor to chase the play down the field. If single blocked, will absolutely push the pocket as a rusher.
								Rotational defensive lineman who lacked production. Gets initial push, but fails to shed blockers in time to make many tackles. Needs more coaching to improve his hands. Once he's on the move and engaged with a blocker, fails to consistently find the ball<U+613C><U+3E64>carrier and ball.
							
2016	Alex Huettel	2555389	OG	Bowling Green	NA	Shows good awareness when dealing with stunts and twists. Plays with a wide base most of the time allowing for better balance at contact. Above average with is ability to generate push and secure the defender on down<U+613C><U+3E64> blocks. Strikes with some pop on double teams opening running lanes.
								Play strength is below average. Struggles to sustain his blocks and his lack of quickness off the snap puts him in second place early in the rep. Arm length is below average. Needs more nasty as a block finisher. Doesn?t show necessary athleticism or recovery ability to protect quarterback on NFL level. Lack of redirect could be an issues against NFL twists.
							
2016	Bralon Addison	2555390	WR	Oregon	Addison was a first-team all-state quarterback in Texas his senior year, but it was clear his collegiate future was at the receiver position.  He played wideout in the U.S. Army All-American game, and didn't miss a beat once in Eugene, making 22 catches for 243 yards and three scores as a true freshman. After fully adjusting to the college game, his sophomore season effort earned him honorable mention All-Pac-12 accolades as a receiver (61-890, seven TD) and also averaged 14.1 yards per punt return, scoring twice. Addison?s ascension to the top of the college football world hit a roadblock in the spring of 2014, however, as he tore his ACL during a practice.  The roadblock proved to be just a hiccup, though, as he returned to his explosive self in 2015, garnering second-team All-Pac-12 honors (63-804, 10 TD receiving; 12.6 average, one TD on punt returns) before deciding to take his quickness to the NFL.	Has the juice to be exciting after the catch. Averaged 6.1 yards after catch in 2015. Has potential run value on pitch plays and jet sweeps. Low center of gravity with smooth hip movement that makes change of direction subtle and simple for him. Plus acceleration from his stems and breaks to create workable separation window for quarterbacks. Steady hands with instant punt return value for NFL teams.
								Was asked to run routes that lacked much complexity. More of an "athlete in space" than route <U+613C><U+3E64>runner. Had catch-and-run role with the Ducks without much asked of him pre-catch. Averaged just 6.7 yards at the catch point. Missed 2014 with ACL tear. Appeared not to trust his repaired knee, passing on sharp cuts at times this year. Lack of catch radius requires greater accuracy. Too small to block on NFL level.
							
2016	Brandon Wilds	2555391	RB	South Carolina	Wilds found himself on the field more quickly than most anticipated in his true freshman season, as multiple injuries at running back (including stud Marcus Lattimore) put him in the spotlight. He reached 100 yards in three of his five starts that year (finishing with 486 rush yards, three TD; 15-136 receiving). But Wilds' luck turned, and he was the one fighting off injuries throughout the rest of his career. A high-ankle sprain knocked him out for the entire 2012 season, while hamstring and elbow injuries limited him to seven games and two starts in 2013 (221 rush yards, three TD). He also suffered through knee and shoulder injuries as a junior but managed 570 rushing yards and four touchdowns (along with 18-143, one TD receiving). Even in his senior campaign, Wilds missed three games with bruised ribs but still led the team with 567 yards in nine starts. 	Good size with bulk and willingness to block on third downs. Has some late cutback ability against second level linebackers. Looked comfortable in downhill, power scheme over off<U+613C><U+3E64>set, inside zone scheme. Lowers shoulder into contact and continues to run his feet. Can absorb a blow and fall forward behind his pads. Proved to be functional in pass game with screens, swing passes and basic routes out of backfield.
								One-note runner without the burst or wiggle to sneak through closing running lanes. Limited by scheme-fit. Not suited for one-cut running. Balance is below average and doesn?t have the speed to turn the corner against NFL linebackers. Tries to finish runs prematurely. Hands are just average as a pass catcher and will fall prey to occasional focus drops. Unpredictable in his response to blitz in protection.
							
2016	Chris Brown	2555392	WR	Notre Dame	Productive wide receiver prospects with track experience are intriguing to college recruiters and NFL scouts alike. Brown hits both categories, as he put up great high school numbers (33-532, 12 scores in just four games as a senior, losing time to a broken collarbone) and also starred on the track as a sprinter and jumper. In fact, he ran with the United States Junior track team.  Brown started at least four games each year of his Notre Dame, improving his numbers each season. He caught 39 passes for 548 yards and a score as a junior before setting career highs with 48 receptions, 597 yards, and four touchdowns in 2015.	Steady and consistent over last three seasons. Has the ability to go up and get the ball and can make the occasional circus catch over smaller corners. Decent quickness off the snap and into his routes. Has build<U+613C><U+3E64>up speed to sneak down the field against Cover-2 looks. Runs crisp, quality routes and would benefit even more with better initial push to create panic in cornerbacks. Not overly physical as blocker, but does his job.
								Thin frame. Will struggle against strong pressman corners. Hands are a little inconsistent. Has ability to make tough catches, but focus drops are a concern. Hand strength may be a culprit. Tends to get open due to design over separation quickness. Lacks fluidity in his adjustment to the downfield throw. Despite track in his background, didn't post explosive play count expected.
							
2016	Chris Jones	2555393	DT	Mississippi St.	A late-bloomer on a middling high school team, Jones went from unknown prospect to a top 50 prospect nationally during his senior year, leading the squad to their first-ever playoff win. Despite late pressure from other top schools, Jones stayed true to MSU, which is near his home in Houston, Miss. He started three games as a true freshman, receiving honorable mention All-SEC honors from league media after tying for the team lead with seven tackles for loss. Jones had a sophomore slump, however, making just 26 stops, 3.5 for loss, and playing a reserve role the entire season. He rebounded in 2015, starting every game and making 44 tackles, 7.5 for loss, and 2.5 sacks, leading him to take his talents to the NFL as an early entrant.	Plays with tremendous natural power. Has strength in his hands and upper body to shed blockers without much effort when it?s time. Made to stymie downhill rushing attacks. Can battle through wash<U+613C><U+3E64>-down blocks and work his way back into a tackle. High school hooper with sneaky lateral foot quickness. Uses quick feet and shoulder turn to leverage him into gaps for disruption. Flashes some occasional "quick win" hand work as pass rusher. Posted 34 quarterback pressures and 11.5 run stuffs. Has talent and strength to do what he wants on some snaps. Can generate a heavy pocket push when he gets some knee-bend going. Surefire tackler with vision and agility to scrape down line of scrimmage and clean up runners working through line of scrimmage.
								Will lockout his long legs on too many snaps. Upright play style limits his leverage and balance against down blocks. Motor will run out of gas if he's forced to chase after play for very long. Average ball instincts. Change of direction can be inconsistent due to pad level. Flashes pass rush talent, but too content to lay on blockers when early rush fizzles.
							
2016	Daryl Worley	2555394	CB	West Virginia	This Philadelphia native finished his career on a strong note, giving him the confidence to enter the NFL draft as a true junior. He garnered first-team All-Big 12 honors after finishing among the nation's leaders with six interceptions and 12 pass breakups. He also made 49 tackles and forced two fumbles on the year, even though he didn't play in the Cactus Bowl with the team due to academic issues.  Worley had led the team the previous year with three interceptions (also with 52 tackles, 4.5 for loss, four breakups), but faced trouble during the season. He was accused of assaulting a woman outside a nightclub in September, eventually pled no contest and received a six-month suspended sentence for his actions, which he said were in defense of his girlfriend. Worley missed two games due to a suspension. As a true freshman, Worley made his presence known on defense and special teams, starting five games, making 45 tackles, intercepting one pass, and breaking up five others.	Has height and arm length that every secondary coach loves. Instinctive and willing to operate outside of his zone. Won't lose the 50/50 battle very often. Sits down on receivers when ball is in the air and uses well-timed leap and outstanding hands to break it up or take it away. Credited with 12 pass breakups and six interceptions last season. Stellar reactive quickness with hands to pluck interceptions after undercutting routes. Redirects receivers with aggressive shoves. Decent finisher as tackler. Carries enough long speed to run with Baylor's Corey Coleman.
								Doesn't have the loose hips or fluid feet to mirror and match in man coverage. The more layered the route, the more separation allowed. Passive in bail coverage allowing significant throwing run underneath. At times becomes pre<U+613C><U+3E64>occupied with the vertical chase and fails to find deep ball headed his way. Would like to see more aggression from him play after play. Sits and waits in run support. Doesn't use size to overpower blockers and get into running backs early.
							
2016	Germain Ifedi	2555395	OG	Texas A&M	Ifedi's build screams "NFL offensive lineman." He's started the past three seasons for the Aggies, starting out as a Freshman All-American right guard blocking for Johnny Manziel the year after the star quarterback won his Heisman Trophy. The following season he moved to right tackle, starting 11 games while missing two due to a sprained MCL. It was hoped that Ifedi could take over the left tackle position in 2015 after the departure of Cedric Ogbuehi to the NFL, but he instead stayed on the right side. Ifedi was named second team All-SEC by league coaches for his work last year. Instead of returning to the Aggies for 2016, he decided to join his brother Martin (who starred as a defensive lineman at Memphis) in the National Football League. 	Outstanding length and overall mass. Has played guard and tackle and has ability to play either as a pro. Has athleticism to protect edge as a tackle and can step and catch late or sudden bursts inside. Good hand strength with ability to latch and lock <U+613C><U+3E64>up pass rushers when he lands punch inside the frame. At his best when getting on top of pass rushers with quick-sets. Has reactive athleticism to respond to twists and blitzes. Uses length and foot quickness to open recovery doors that might slam on other linemen. Flashes hip explosion to torque defenders out of the hole as a run blocker. Has body control and change of direction talent to be a successful second level blocker. Nastier play demeanor than former Aggie tackle, Cedric Ogbuehi.
								Offensive scheme limited ability to fire out. Tries to snatch with hands and hang on rather than securing blocks with leg drive. Inconsistent depth of pass sets opens up edge. Timing of combo blocks needs work. Gets in a hurry and doesn't always get first block secured. Uses more of a kick stomp than fluid kick slide. High pad level on down blocks limits leg drive to secure. Passive vertical pass sets allow easy pocket squeeze. Needs to eliminate habit of leaning into blocks. Too content to stalemate rather than dominate. Patience and discipline is a problem in pass protection. Lunges rather than letting the rep come to him.
							
2016	Jaden Oberkrom	2555396	K	TCU	Oberkrom (Oh-ber-chrome) has been everything you'd want in a kicker during his four-year stint with the Horned Frogs. He's made 99 percent of his extra points (214-216), 79 percent of his field goal attempts (a career best 21-25 in 2015), converted from distance (3-3 from 50 yards away in 2015, with a long of 57 yards), placed kickoffs into the end zone regularly (62.4 percent touchback rate as senior), and made clutch kicks (game-winner against West Virginia with no time on the clock as a true freshman). The Big 12?s all-time leader in field goals made (79) set a conference record with six in one game in 2012. Oberkrom was a three-time semifinalists for the Lou Groza Award as the nation?s top kicker and earned all-conference recognition all four years: honorable mention in 2012 and 2013, first team in 2014, and second team in 2015.	Four-year starter from a family of soccer players. Decorated kicker for high<U+613C><U+3E64>-end, Big 12 squad. Has a history of making kicks in the clutch. Has NFL-caliber leg for distance field goals. Made 7-of-8 from 40-plus and 3-of-3 from 50-plus this season. Saw his highest touchback numbers of his career at 60.9 percent.
								Missed two kicks inside of 30 yards this season. Inconsistent with kick trajectory. Over last two seasons has had a total of four FGs/PATs blocked. Needs to improve kickoff hang time.
							
2016	John Lunsford	2555397	K	Liberty	Lunsford finished as the FCS career leader with 12 field goals of 50-plus yards made during his four-year stint as the Flames' placekicker. He went from an all-conference performer as a freshman (8-12 FG) to being named a first-team All-American by multiple outlets in 2014. He made five of six attempts from 50 yards-plus as a junior, and then nearly matched that as a senior with a four-for-six mark. During those two years, he made three 57-yard field goals and a 60-yarder. Lunsford struggled a bit on kicks from 40 to 49 yards, converting only eight of 23 attempts from that distance, and he had eight kicks blocked during his career. However, NFL special teams coaches will at least consider him as a kickoff specialist, as he forced touchbacks on about 60 percent of his kickoffs (145 of 243).	Strong leg. Boomed a 60-yard field goal with 1.8 seconds on the clock to tie the game against Richmond in 2014. Had two makes from 57 and one from 56 this season. Creates touchbacks on kickoffs.
								Accuracy has plagued him throughout his career making just 60.8 percent of his field goals over four years. Made just 13 of 24 kicks in 2015. Struggles badly with accuracy from 40<U+613C><U+3E64>-49 yards making just eight of 20 during his career.
							
2016	Josh Woodrum	2555398	QB	Liberty	As a redshirt freshman, it look Liberty coaches exactly two games to stick Woodrum into the fire. In the third game of the 2012 season, he took over the starting job and didn't let go (save two games in 2014 he missed with an injury). Now he?s the Flames' career record holder in passing yards (10,266), completions (833), and attempts (1,304). The three-time second team All-Big South selection and team captain is an efficient passer, throwing for 61 touchdown versus 30 interceptions in his career. The Flames were only 6-5 under head coach Turner Gill in 2015, but Woodrum's play help them beat two top 10 teams at home in Montana and Coastal Carolina, the latter victory closing out the quarterback?s collegiate career.	Has necessary NFL size. Steps and drives his throws. Can put the ball on top of receivers with some pace. Accurate with blitz reads and gets ball to hot reads quickly. Can sense when corners are looking to jump routes and will pump fake his way into a cleaner throw. Has enough arm to operate in a more aggressive, vertical offense.
								Stiff and limited outside of the pocket. Has wind<U+613C><U+3E64>up with a short-armed release. Aims his throws. Drive accuracy is marginal. Over-the-top release with downward trajectory creates low, challenging catches. Lacks consistent accuracy and touch. Panics and rushes throws when he sees blitz coming. Lacks improvisational thinking. Slow to see throws come open over the middle and will run receivers into traffic.
							
2016	Keyarris Garrett	2555399	WR	Tulsa	Garrett looks the part of an NFL receiver, and is the nephew of former Baylor and Atlanta Falcons receiver/return specialist David Mims (whose son, David Mims II, is a 2016 draft prospect out of Texas State and played with Garrett in high school). His career with Tulsa has had its ups and downs, starting with an injury-filled freshman campaign (six games, two catches for 10 yards), but he bounced back by earning second-team All-Conference USA in 2012 (67-845, nine TD receiving).  Unfortunately, Garrett couldn't build on that momentum, losing the 2013 campaign lost to a compound fracture in his left leg suffered in the second week of the season (7-68 receiving). His first year back from the injury was good enough to get him back on NFL scouts radars (47-698, five TD, missing two more games due to injury). He fulfilled his promise in his final year with the Golden Hurricane, leading the nation with 1,588 receiving yards and finishing in the top ten with 96 receptions while scoring eight times. Garrett garnered first-team All-Conference USA accolades for his efforts.	Long<U+613C><U+3E64>-limbed and tall with sinewy build. Extreme arm length providing unique catch radius. Can go up and high-point the ball over most cornerbacks he faced. Able to stack cornerbacks and keep them out of the deep throw once he gets over top of them. Long strides and buildup speed seems to catch cornerbacks off guard on vertical routes. Had 28 catches of 20-plus yards in 2015.
								Long legs hinder get-off against press. Takes awhile to get into his routes and is unable to sink hips and explode out of his breaks to create separation. Has extremely small hands for a receiver his size. Charged with 13 drops over last two years. Struggles mightily to finish contested catches. Routes are basic and somewhat sloppy underneath. Too often waits on throws rather than working back to them.
							
2016	Maliek Collins	2555400	DT	Nebraska	Not only was Collins an outstanding football player at Kansas City Central High School (first-team all-state with 43 tackles for loss and 15 sacks as a senior), but a championship wrestler who won a state title at 48-0 in his final year. That combination is gold to NFL scouts, who love defensive linemen who have used their hands to grapple on the mat as well as the gridiron. Collins contributed in his first year on campus in 2013, playing all 12 games and starting the team's bowl game (12 tackles, two for loss, one sack). His star power began to shine in his sophomore year, garnering second team All-Big Ten accolades and team Defensive co-MVP with 45 tackles, 14 for loss, and 4.5 sacks. Though he started 12 of 13 games in 2015, Collins' production dropped: 29 tackles, seven for loss, 2.5 sacks. Big Ten media members and coaches alike still felt that he made enough plays to earn third-team all-conference honors.	Explosive get<U+613C><U+3E64>-off with good pad level. Has exceptional lateral movement and overall athleticism for the position. Moved around defensive line as rusher and allowed to stand to maximize athleticism as twister. Good coordination between hands and feet. Strong jump step and club move inside is his go-to rush. Flashes an impressive ceiling when it's clicking for him. Initial quickness opens door for disruption. Plus motor with active hands.
								Has very little scheme or position flexibility. Ends up on the ground all the time. Impact production doesn't match the athletic ability and talent. Square rusher missing hip swivel and upper body turn to improve penetration. Comes flying in as pass rusher on twists, but doesn't have workable counterattack ready. Unable to stack and anchor against double teams. Doesn?t have play strength to fight back against redirect blocks.
							
2016	Marshaun Coprich	2555401	RB	Illinois St.	Few running backs in college football history have been as productive as Coprich, who cleared 5,200 rushing yards in his four years at ISU. His senior season almost didn?t happen, though, because he was caught trying to sell marijuana to an undercover police officer. His indefinite suspension from the football program was lifted after agreeing to a first-time offender program and community service. Once back on the field, Coprich took full advantage, totaling 1,967 rushing yards on a hefty 321 carries and scoring 23 times. As if he hadn't seen the ball enough, the Walter Payton Award finalist also caught 18 passes for 179 yards and a score.  This was actually the second time Coprich had earned multiple All-American honors (AP, Walter Camp, AFCA, etc) for his talents, as he ran for a FCS-best 2,274 yards on 370 carries the previous year. Reaching the 2,000-yard mark was no new thing for the California native, as he covered 2,269 yards and scored 29 times as a senior in high school.	Muscular build with the competitiveness and toughness of a bigger back. Monster production over last two seasons with 4,241 yards rushing and 50 rushing touchdowns. Fluid hips with fleet feet. Lively feet in the hole can give second level tacklers the blues with his cut<U+613C><U+3E64>-and-go quickness. Big burst to separate from would-be tacklers when he sees the door open. Zone runner with excellent vision and ability to immediately process changes in spatial relations. Able to "get lost" behind big offensive line and sneak into backside crevices. Has short-area explosiveness to hit the chunk play. More than capable of creating running room and yardage for himself, but has adequate feel for when to accelerate into a crowded crease and finish. Has potential to be much more potent out of the backfield than he was asked to in college.
								Monster production was logged against FCS competition. Showed indecisiveness when matched up against Iowa in the first game of the season. As zone runner, needs to press the line of scrimmage better. Doesn't sell play-side run long enough before looking for cutbacks. Crowds pulling linemen and gets feet tangled too often. Lacks play strength to be an NFL-level finisher as a runner. Quicker than fast. Teams might not trust his size against third-down blitz protection. Took plea agreement this summer for selling nine grams of marijuana to undercover officer and will still be on probation during the draft.
							
2016	Matt Skura	2555402	C	Duke	A second-team USA Today All-American and consensus first-team All-ACC pick in 2015, Skura is a technically sound and athletic center with a bright NFL future. The four-year starter played some guard as a redshirt freshman, but his home is in the pivot, where his intelligence can be fully utilized. The 2014 third-team All-ACC selection's name isn't known by even more ardent college football fans, but he should be recognized nationally as one of the reasons head coach David Cutcliffe has risen the bar for the football program in Durham.	Has good size for a center with a well<U+613C><U+3E64>-proportioned frame. Uses wide base in both run game and pass protection for balance. Possesses good core strength and body control both in his movements and through contact. Technically sound. Allows defenders to declare a side and then traps them on that side and secures the block. Pad level usually on point. Plays the game with intelligence and an understanding of angles and timing. Uses timing over athleticism to get best results on combo blocks. Keeps head back and arms extended in pass protection. Hand placement is solid and maintains feel for his target. Has a strong commitment to strength and conditioning.
								Plays a more finesse-based game over power. Doesn't generate much push against quality strength across from him. Has just average athleticism. Angles and technique work have to be just right or secure blocks will be a challenge. Average to below-average quickness off snap. Is not at his best when asked to work in open spaces. Reactive movement could use work against counter moves in pass pro.
							
2016	Mekale McKay	2555403	WR	Cincinnati	McKay, a former high school hoops star who received interest from Louisville and Kentucky to play that sport, transferred from Arkansas after his freshman season to Cincinnati to be closer to an ailing grandmother. The NCAA allowed waived the transfer year in his case, so he was able to play immediately for the Bearcats. He made a solid contribution to the Razorbacks in his only season there, starting 10 times and catching 21 passes for 317 yards and two scores. All McKay did in the wide-open UC offense was average over 30 yards a catch (16-485) with seven touchdowns in 2013. His junior (44-725, eight TD) and senior (27-507, two scores) seasons displayed similar big-play ability to NFL scouts despite his playing for a team that spreads the ball around to six or seven receivers every game. 	Gets the most out of his 6-foot-3 frame when the ball is in the air. Uses well-timed leaps to go up and over smaller defenders and has a feel for the "post-up" game. Clever hand usage to create late separation on deep throws. Works his way back to the catch. Able to accelerate upfield quickly off of his stutter-step release versus press coverage. Willing to stick his nose in as a blocker and has the frame and hand placement to wall defender off and away from making the play.
								Production took a dive in 2015 even when healthy. Route running is dull, lacking tight, crisp cuts. One-speed routes put cornerbacks at ease and allow them to crowd the routes. Needs to do better job with vertical sell to back defenders off. The struggle is real if he doesn't get clean release off line of scrimmage. Once defender gets into his chest, it is usually over. Hands have been consistently inconsistent with a drop rate of more than 11 percent for his career.
							
2016	Nila Kasitati	2555404	OG	Oklahoma	Samaje Perine set a FBS record with 427 yards rushing against Kansas in 2014, in part thanks to the blocking of Kasitati (pronounced kah-sih-TAH-tee). The big man pulled around the left side from his right guard position to cut off inside defenders, drove his man off the ball, or used his feet to seal the hole for Perine to bull through. He was just a part-time starter as a junior, though he still received honorable mention All-Big 12 notice. Kasitati was named first team all-conference in 2015 after starting all 13 games at the right guard spot. His medicals will have to check out at the combine for him to be drafted in the middle rounds, as he had surgery on a heart arrhythmia in the summer of 2012.	Thick, strong legs with broad shoulders. Has some initial power and ability to match the challenge when lined up against a player with strength. Looks for work and blocks through the whistle. Plays with toughness and some nasty. Able to pick up games by defensive linemen and isn't easily spooked by blitz bluffing linebackers. Maintains his base when mirroring in pass pro. Hand placement is generally good. Patient in pass sets willing to wait for rusher to make his move rather than lunging after him.
								Can be very slow out of his stance. Marginal lateral quickness makes for inconsistent cross<U+613C><U+3E64>-face blocks and short pulls. Arm length looks like an issue on tape. Needs to play with more pop in his hands. Block sustaining would benefit from bringing his feet and crowding defender after contact. The further away from home base he is forced to move, the more limited he becomes. Straight-line blocker with limited change of direction ability.
							
2016	Peyton Barber	2555405	RB	Auburn	As a freshman, Barber was diagnosed with a learning disorder that, along with ADHD, had hampered him since middle school. Since his father had the same issue, Peyton received the support he decided both from his family and the university tutor system and did well in the classroom. He only saw the field in six games as a redshirt freshman in 2014, running the ball 10 times for 54 yards. But after a sophomore season where he chugged out 1,017 rushing yards and 13 scores (on a workhorse-like 238 carries), Barber decided to follow the path of his second cousins, Marion and Dominique Barber, to the NFL.  	Good thickness through his lower body with an ability to drop his pads and hit it downhill when he's near the end zone. Has vision to recognize running crease development. Can weave from cut-to-cut on second level. Flashes good lateral agility to jump<U+613C><U+3E64>-cut his way into better running lanes when interior traffic is a problem. Intelligent with ability to learn NFL playbook quickly. Makes sound decisions in blitz pickups. Needs technique work, but has capability to handle himself in pass protection. Had the lowest "stuff rate" (rushes for 0 yards or less) of any of the top runners in the SEC at 10.1 percent (Leonard Fournette was 15.3 percent).
								Entirely too much dancing when approaching line of scrimmage. Will make juke-step rather than trusting the crease and mashing the gas downhill. Grinder with limited second level shake to keep the run going. More elusive near the line of scrimmage than in open field. Needs to play with greater decisiveness on the next level. Better pre-cut movement can help him setup blocks more effectively. No "wow" factor.
							
2016	Raphael Kirby	2555406	ILB	Miami	The Hurricanes expected Kirby to continue his ascension to all-conference playmaker in 2015, but a right knee injury suffered against Virginia Tech ended that dream prematurely. The team captain already had 44 tackles on the year when the injury occurred, nearly matching his total from 2014, when he started every game (54 tackles, two interceptions, two pass-breakups). The former four-star prospect (18.5 sacks at Stone Mountain High in Georgia) played a limited role, mostly on special teams, in his first two years with Miami, making 26 tackles, 2.5 for loss in 20 games.	Keeps playing through blocks and will come off to make a diving tackle. Plays with good down and distance recognition. Has reactive athleticism and agility to change directions quickly and work back into counters and cutbacks. Has good backpedal into space and will mirror quarterback?s eyes in coverage. Good closing quickness to the perimeter. Team captain and willing worker on special teams.
								Tore ACL mid<U+613C><U+3E64>season which will prevent him from working out at the combine. Average athleticism for the position. Tends to drift downhill when he scrapes and gets hung up in the trash. Uses shoulder to take on blockers rather than hands. Undersized and can be dislodged from run fit by lead blockers. Takes questionable angles to the ball losing run fits. Average reaction off snap puts him in cross hairs of second-level blockers.
							
2016	Robby Anderson	2555407	WR	Temple	NA	Has tremendous bounce to climb the ladder and snatch the pass at its high point. Has excellent balance and body control to make the circus catch. Plays faster than his timed speed and has decent short area quickness. Well-liked by coaching staff and considered a good teammate. Showed ability to get some separation during Shrine Game practices.
								Rail-thin frame. Missed 2014 season after being suspended for academic purposes and elements of his game fell off in 2015. No such things as easy catches. Able to make the circus catch, but struggled badly with focus drops. Average long speed and getting deep on double moves and through play<U+613C><U+3E64>-action.
							
2016	Roberto Aguayo	2555408	K	Florida St.	What do you do for an encore after winning the Lou Groza Award as the nation's top kicker? How about lead the nation in field goal percentage one year, and then become the first three-time All-American to play for the 'Noles since Deion Sanders? Not bad. Among his other accomplishments, Aguayo was a major player in the team?s 2013 national championship, setting FBS records with 157 points scored and 94 point after tries without a miss.  He also made 21-of-22 field goal attempts on the year.  The three-time first team All-ACC pick by league coaches set a conference record by making 198 straight extra points ? every one in his storied career. Aguayo led the NCAA in field goal percentage in 2014, making 27-of-30 attempts, though he fell off a bit as a junior (21-26, just 5-for-10 from 40 or more yards away). He had 47 touchbacks in 84 kickoffs in 2015 (56 percent, up from 51 percent in 2014 and 37.5 percent in 2013), presenting leg strength NFL special teams coaches covet.	Was Mr. Automatic during Florida State's successful run from 2013<U+613C><U+3E64>-2014 and connected on 88.5 percent of his field goals during his career. Never missed a field goal from 39 yards and in during his three years at Florida State going 46-of-46. When it's time to tackle, he leverages returners against the sideline and has speed and athleticism to make the tackle. Leg strength on kickoffs improved with each year. Has outstanding 4.09 kickoff hang time. Unfazed by the moment.
								Saw his accuracy dip in 2015. Made just 5-of-9 field goals from 41 yards and beyond. Will occasionally lose track of a kickoff and knock it out of bounds. Only attempted six kicks of 50-plus yards during his career. While quality of kickoffs have improved, still doesn't have a booming kickoff leg.
							
2016	Ryan Malleck	2555409	TE	Virginia Tech	Though never a No. 1 option in the Hokies' offense, especially the explosive Bucky Hodges earning touches of his own the past couple of seasons, Malleck presents enough ability to make a go at a professional career. He was a starter for the final 25 games he played, contributing as a pass receiver in both his junior (24-195, two TD) and senior (21-289, two TD) seasons. Malleck had hoped to be a largest factor in the passing game in 2013 after a redshirt sophomore year where he started seven times, catching 17 passes for 174 yards, but a torn left rotator cuff and labrum in preseason practice sidelined him for the year. 	Intelligent against zone coverage. Sinks into quality soft spots and uses strong, reliable hands to finish the catch. Has had just one drop over his last two seasons. Uses body to shield man coverage from the throw. Aggressive runner after the catch. Not a bulldozer as a blocker, but gets into his target and shows some block sustaining potential.
								Nothing stands out with his burst off the ball and he takes too long out of his breaks limiting ability to separate. Doesn't have blocking power to balance out his below-average play speed. Will need to play with stronger lower half as an NFL run blocker.
							
2016	Stephen Anderson	2555410	TE	California	Even though Anderson started his career at Cal as a walk-on, he's hoping to add himself into the list of Bears tight ends making an impact in the NFL  including former teammate Richard Rodgers, Craig Stevens, and, of course, future Pro Football Hall of Famer Tony Gonzalez.  Anderson redshirted in 2011 and played just four games without a catch the following year. Then he crept into the Cal offense by starting five games as a sophomore, catching 14 passes for 125 yards.  With Rodgers off to the Green Bay Packers as a third-round pick in 2014, Anderson became a reliable target for quarterback Jared Goff. His production as a junior (46-661, five TD) and senior (41-474, two TD) earned him honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors each season.	Better quickness into his routes off the line of scrimmage than most at his position. Opens quickly as a presentable target in space. Can body up to protect the throw against converging linebackers. Decent athlete who can get some separation from linebackers with his quickness alone. Was able to get open for potential big plays, but quarterback Jared Goff didn't see him. Used as field stretcher for underneath work by other targets.
								'Tweener without a real position. Blocks like a big receiver and is undersized to handle in<U+613C><U+3E64>line duties. Routes can be flat and easy to recognize for defenders. Legs and arms pump like crazy into routes, but doesn't create proper leverage points.
							
2016	Steve Longa	2555411	OLB	Rutgers	Growing up in Cameroon, Longa's first love was world football. But upon reaching the U.S., he gave American football a try. By the time he left Saddle Brook High, he was a prized recruit. Four years later, he's among the best linebackers in the country. As a redshirt freshman, Longa started all 13 games at middle linebacker for the Scarlet Knights, sharing the team's Defensive MVP honors (123 tackles, 7.5 for loss, three sacks, two forced fumbles, four pass break-ups). He moved to the weak side in 2014, once again leading Rutgers with 102 tackles (4.5 for loss, two sacks) and stayed at that position for an honorable mention All-Big Ten junior season (117 tackles, five for loss, two sacks). Having put up three 100-tackle seasons and seeing the departure of his head coach, Kyle Flood, Longa declared for the 2016 NFL Draft as an early entrant.	Has looked for action from his first day on the field. Notched over 100 tackles in all three years at Rutgers (338 total). Has four contests with 10 solo tackles or more this season. Flows downhill and takes efficient angles to running lanes. Collides squarely with target and wraps up. Quality finisher with a high winning percentage as a tackler near the line of scrimmage. Allowed just two broken and seven missed tackles all year. Has nose for run play development that helps him stay ahead of climbing linebackers. Motor never turns off.
								Undersized linebacker with marginal play strength and frame. Has to stay punch-<U+613C><U+3E64>ready to stay clean or he can get smothered by size. Has to work overtime to disengage from blocks. Half-strider missing plus chase speed to walk down runners turning the corner. Bites down hard on play-action. Inconsistent in man coverage and allows too much catch space from zone. Might lack gap control necessary to play in the middle.
							
2016	Trevone Boykin	2555412	QB	TCU	One of the most electric players in college football the past two seasons, Boykin was a 2014 Heisman Trophy finalist after earning consensus second-team All-American notice and Big 12 Offensive Player of the Year (3,901 passing yards, 33 touchdowns, 10 interceptions; 707 rush yards, eight rush touchdowns). He again excelled as a senior, earning second-team Walter Camp All-American honors and second team All-Big 12 accolades after finishing among the nation?s leaders in several categories (3,573 passing yards, 31 touchdowns, 10 interceptions; 612 rushing yards, 10 rushing scores) despite missing time with an ankle injury. Boykin was also a finalist for the Davey O'Brien (2014, 2015), Manning (2014, 2015), Unitas Golden Arm (2015), and Walter Camp Player of the Year (2014) awards during his illustrious career. Unfortunately, Boykin's career at TCU ended on a sour note, as he was arrested for punching an officer during a bar fight in San Antonio, where he was supposed to lead the team in the Alamo Bowl against Oregon. He was suspended for that game due to the incident (though the Horned Frogs came back from a 31-0 hole to win 47-41), and will have to answer to NFL teams about his lapse of judgement.	Quick ball<U+613C><U+3E64>-handling with arm talent to get the throw out cleanly and accurately from a variety of arm slots. Generally throws with necessary ball placement and hits what he aims for. Has deep ball arm to fling it 60 yards off his back foot and can rip it into a tight window underneath. Throws with some anticipation and touch. More pocket elusive than any quarterback in this draft. Absolute Houdini who can escape the most precarious situations and escape with chunk rushing yardage or a completed pass. Has 25 rushes over 15-plus yards over last two years.
								Falls below desired height for NFL quarterbacks and hand size is right on borderline. Fumbled 19 times over last three years (but lost just four). Tends to stick with pre-snap decision and forces the issue with primary target. Hesitant to throw receivers open from man coverage in deep middle. Velocity is all upper body with very little step and follow throw. Antsy to leave pocket when pocket slide and poise would suffice. Needs to learn how to slide outside pocket. Suspended for Alamo Bowl after breaking curfew and being arrested for felony assault of an officer in connection with previous bar fight that night.
							
2016	Trevor Davis	2555413	WR	California	Most people spend their lives trying to get to Hawai'i at least once, but Davis decided that two years in the Rainbow State was enough, especially after head coach Norm Chow was let go. He had started 10 times in his two years with the Warriors, racking up 45 receptions for 601 yards and five touchdowns. After sitting out a redshirt season in 2013, Davis became an all-purpose threat for the Bears, making plays as a receiver (24-399, five TD) and returner (424 kickoff return yards, 70 punt return yards) as a junior. He had 40 receptions in 2014 (one of six players hitting that mark) that covered 672 yards and two scores, and had 686 kickoff return and 45 punt return yards as well. Those sort of receiving/return numbers won't go unnoticed by NFL scouts. 	Quality return man specializing in kick<U+613C><U+3E64>offs with two touchdowns under his belt while at Cal. Former high school long jumper and sprinter with buildup speed to challenge deep safeties from the hash. Competitive runner after the catch with ability to make defenders miss and finish his runs with some authority. Hands are adequate.
								Track speed doesn't translate underneath. Needs runway to get going and can't hit jets out of his breaks for separation. Needs to improve hard vertical push to clear space for comebacks and outs. One-speed, rounded routes need work. Struggles to release cleanly against quality press coverage.
							
2016	Willie Henry	2555414	DT	Michigan	Though Henry had 10 sacks playing for Ted Ginn, Sr. at powerhouse Glenville (Ohio) High, he was not highly regarded in recruiting circles. Each year we played for the Wolverines, however, he showed the improvement NFL scouts like to see when evaluating a prospects "upside."  In 2013, Henry was a strong contributor, starting six times and making 32 tackles, three for loss. He started six times again the next year, being credited with 20 tackles, 5.5 for loss, three sacks and an interception. Henry began fulfilling his potential during his final year in Ann Arbor, starting nine games and earning honorable mention All-Big Ten honors, racking up 34 tackles, 10 for loss, and tying for the team lead with 6.5 sacks. After talking with former high school and college teammate Frank Clark, who was a second-round pick of Seattle in 2015, Henry decided it was time to leave for the NFL.	Comes off snap with low pad level and is usually the leverage winner. Has strong base and lands heavy-handed strike with initial punch to jar blockers. Powerful enough to stack and 2<U+613C><U+3E64>-gap. Plays with good football awareness and senses trap blocks coming. Has a good feel for down blocks and double teams, and can brace up to limit their effectiveness. Well versed in twist game with effective picks and quickness to come off pick and attack the quarterback. Big closing burst to get home when he smells quarterback. Finished season with 6.5 sacks. Surprising upfield burst when allowed to rush from defensive end.
								Can be undisciplined pre-snap with five encroachment penalties this year. Drops head and eyes off the snap and plays with too much waist-bending upon initial contact. Needs to unlock his juice off the snap to control neutral zone and make more tackles for losses. Cut blocks chop him down with ease. Plays with turned shoulders and narrow base when flowing with run plays which allow blockers to wash him down. Needs a more varied rush attack.
							
2016	Austin Hooper	2555415	TE	Stanford	Stanford has become "Tight End U" over the past few years, with former Cardinal contributors Zach Ertz, Levine Tiololo, Coby Fleener and Jim Dray enjoying good NFL careers. Hooper's next in line, leaving for the pros after his redshirt sophomore season. His father actually played at San Diego State, but his uncle, Greg, suited up for Stanford as a fullback from 1979-1982. Those genes were obvious during his two years on the field, first as a redshirt freshman in 2014 where he earned Freshman All-American and second-team All-Pac-12 honors (40-499, two scores). He helped Stanford win a conference championship in his second season, garnering several honors (Mackey Award finalist, third-team AP All-American, first-team All-Pac-12) by catching 34 passes for 438 yards and six touchdowns. 	Has capability of playing in<U+613C><U+3E64>line or as move tight end. Build-up speed allows him to threaten Y-seam from off line of scrimmage. Hands catcher with excellent hand-eye coordination and can go get the rock in traffic. Shows enough burst to create separation from linebackers and safeties over the top. Does an adequate job of shielding defenders from the pass and posting them up in space. Strong runner after the catch in screen game and will carry defenders with him into the end zone. Willing blocker who comes from program where run blocking is demanded. Latches onto target with centered blow and shows enough strength to sustain. Looks for work downfield as blocker to help spring explosive runs.
								Lacks suddenness and crisp feet in his route work underneath. Could be faced with high number of heavily contested catches in short and intermediate routes. Not much of a salesman with his routes and needs more juice from stem at top of his routes. Would improve separation by meeting physical defenders with increased physicality. Hands need work. Was late getting hands catch ready and had nine drops over two seasons for drop rate of almost 11 percent. Catch radius just average for his size. Head ducker as run blocker and can lose track of target and whiff from time to time.
							
2016	Christian Hackenberg	2555416	QB	Penn St.	Hackenberg's junior year did not go quite as expected, but he still wound up as the school's all-time leader in passing yards (8,457) and touchdowns (48). The son of a former University of Virginia football player was a three-year starter, answering the bell for all 38 games in his career. Hackenberg lived up to his recruiting hype by being named the Big Ten Freshman of the Year in 2013, as well as a Freshman All-American (2,955 passing yards, 20 touchdowns, and 10 interceptions). His play was not as efficient in his sophomore year (2,977 yards, 12 TD, 15 INT), but his MVP performance in the Nittany Lions' double overtime Pinstripe Bowl win over Boston College led many to think he was on his way to stardom. Unfortunately, Hackenberg's play in 2015 was uneven, at best, as he completed just 53.5 percent of his passes for 2,525 yards, 16 touchdowns and six interceptions. He finished the season leaving the team's TaxSlayer Bowl loss to Georgia due to a right shoulder sprain, and then announcing his intention to declare for the 2016 NFL Draft. 	NA	NA
2016	C.J. Prosise	2555417	RB	Notre Dame	Prosise excelled in several ways for the Irish during his time in South Bend. Due to a lack of talent at the running back position, he was asked to tote the ball regularly in spring 2015 practices, running for 64 yards at the spring scrimmage. The Irish made him their leading rusher this fall, as he gained 1,032 yards and 11 scores on just 156 carries (6.6 average). Prosise also caught 26 passes and 308 yards and one touchdown -- but that was a role in which he had experience the past couple of seasons. He actually led all Irish receivers with 17.8 yards per reception in 2014 (29-516, two TD) and was also the team's Special Teams Player of the Year (11 tackles) and had a 50-yard rush for a touchdown in the Music City Bowl win over LSU. Prosise was actually recruited as a safety, but moved over to receiver for his redshirt freshman season in 2013, starting three times, catching seven passes for 72 yards.	Has every<U+613C><U+3E64>-down size for the position. Patient, gliding runner with a sense for when it's time to hit the gas and go. Has late cut ability to create new yards for himself. Has effective open-field spin move to elude and the play strength to power through lesser tackle attempts. Efficient runner between the tackles. Runs with desired pad level maintains balance through contact. Falls forward in his finishing. Has enough play speed to turn the corner as outside runner. Experience as receiver gives him upgraded route ability as running back. Has opportunity to be effective on all three levels as receiver if matchup avails itself.
								Only one year as full-time running back. Urgency as runner needs an upgrade. Can be slowed waiting for zone-read mesh-point, but indecisiveness flowing outside caused some lost yardage. Fumbled five times in 156 carries losing two. Needs to secure the rock against scavengers looking to rip it away at the end of a run. Recognition of blitzes injuries late.
							
2016	Jordan Howard	2555418	RB	Indiana	When Alabama-Birmingham decided to shut down its football program before the 2015 season, the Hoosiers found an outstanding player waiting for a new opportunity in Howard. The Alabama native had two very productive years for the Blazers, who stood by him during the recruiting process after he suffered a torn meniscus and a stress fracture in his pelvis during his junior year in high school. Howard earned five starts as a true freshman in 2013 (881 yards, 6.1 yards per rush average, two touchdowns) and then exploded for first-team All-Conference USA honors the next season. He actually set a UAB rushing record with 1,587 yards on a workhorse-level 306 carries in 2014, scoring 13 times. The step up to a Power Five conference didn't faze Howard, as he won over Big Ten coaches for first-team All-Conference honors (1,213 rush yards, 6.2 yards per rush, nine touchdowns; 11 catches, 106 yards, one touchdown receiving). Rushing for 174 yards against a tough Iowa squad, as well as 238 on 35 carries against Michigan, showed he has the talent to succeed at any level.	Showed ability to step his game up against top competition at both UAB and Indiana. Rushed for at least 145 yards in every full game he played. Natural runner who combines tempo with a special feel for spacial relationships. Pro<U+613C><U+3E64>-ready vision gives him outstanding feel for run lane developments at the line of scrimmage and onto the second level. Consistently chooses best angles and creases for optimal yardage. For a big back, can make himself skinny through tight quarters. Decisive and punishing. Drops pads and accelerates into contact to batter would-be tacklers on the second and third levels. Drives legs through arm tackles and goes about his work. Hard-charging when it?s third- or fourth-and-short. Showed potential in screen game as receiver.
								Doesn't have sudden one-cut ability and has to tap brakes to hit it downhill on outside zone runs. One-speed runner. Can be chased down by backside sprinters before getting to the second level. Takes big hits due to bruising running style. Scouts concerned about ability to stay healthy. Missed four games and parts of three others with knee and ankle injuries. Upright pads and narrow base leads to slips and balance issues when trying to make sharp cuts. Rarely factored into passing game at UAB or Indiana.
							
2016	Pharoh Cooper	2555419	WR	South Carolina	Many college football players are lacking in discipline, driving their coaches crazy. Cooper does not have that problem, as he grew up in a military family -- his grandfather and father were Marines, and his brother is a Marine. After winning back-to-back state high school titles in North Carolina, Cooper used his maturity to get on the field right away for the Gamecocks, receiving Freshman All-SEC honors as an all-purpose back and returner (359 kick return yards). Once given a chance to receive regular touches on offense, Cooper excelled, garnering consensus first team all-conference recognition as a receiver in 2014 (69-1,136, 11 TD) and second team honors as an all-purpose back (200 rushing yards, two scores). His production dipped a bit in 2015 (66-973, nine TD), but South Carolina's offense struggled in many ways this season. SEC coaches still named him first team all-conference receiver and all-purpose player for his efforts. 	Short but compact and strong. Especially fast with first three steps off the line. Reaches top speed almost instantly. Should blaze his 10-<U+613C><U+3E64>yard split at combine. Operates with excellent balance and body control at all times. Staccato footwork and seamless change of direction out of breaks opens early passing window. Will break off route and improvise to free space when route is compromised by coverage underneath it. Competitiveness ramps as soon as he hits the grass. Has burst to steam past safety if cornerback takes bad angle on his slants. Strength to play through contact in his routes. Stutter-go release near goal line is difficult to stop.
								Has neither height nor length for desired catch radius. Was unable to reach big-play throws downfield. Contested catches became a chore. Battled focus and concentration drops at one point. Hip tightness creates rounded routes and limited wiggle after catch. The more wrinkles in the route, the less effective Cooper becomes. Relies on straight line quickness over speed or agility in open field. Limited route exposure while at South Carolina.
							
2016	Jerald Hawkins	2555420	OT	LSU	Winning a job on LSU's offensive line is no easy task, as head coach Les Miles continually brings in large talents up front. But Hawkins managed to win the starting job at right tackle as a redshirt freshman, even playing on the blind side for an injured La'el Collins in one contest.  The Louisiana native started every game at right tackle in 2014, as well, before moving to Collins' left tackle spot this fall. He missed the contest against Ole Miss with an ankle injury, but started the other 12 games in his final season in Death Valley. Despite his pleas to Collins to stay for his senior season last year, Hawkins decided to forego his fourth year on campus to head to the NFL; he's the only Tiger to do so this year.	Long<U+613C><U+3E64>-limbed tackle with experience on both sides. Slides feet and hips into play-side positioning after making squared contact on reach blocks and the backside. Flashes power in his paws snatching a portion of defender's frame and maintaining his grip. Plays with good weight distribution and balanced pass sets. Has foot quickness and change of direction for redirect move back inside without much hesitation and brace up his edge. Speedy snap off and search mechanism against twists. Generally well-timed climbs on combo blocks. Uses upward blow with decent hip snap into initial contact in run game. Held his own in snaps against A'Shawn Robinson from Alabama.
								Possesses unusually linear build with thin waist for an offensive lineman. Power in base blocks hindered by his narrow drive base. Doesn?t always bring his feet through contact. Overall power and play strength need to improve. Wins early portion of the rep but often gives way to opponents' strength over second half of the snap. Not a natural knee-bender and misses more than he hits on second level. Doesn't gain enough lateral ground to consistently get to cross-face blocks and backside cutoff on linebackers. Hands too wide in pass pro setup leading to slower, wider punch at times. Willing to waist-bend when pass rusher gets to the edge.
							
2016	Yannick Ngakoue	2555421	DE	Maryland	Born in Washington, D.C., Ngakoue stayed nearby for college after an excellent high school career. He was named the D.C. Gatorade Player of the Year as a senior, racking up 17 sacks and leading Friendship Collegiate to a district title. Nkagoue got his feet wet as a true freshman, making 10 tackles, 4.5 for loss including two sacks, and an interception playing every game as a reserve. His play as a sophomore earned honorable mention notice from league media (37 tackles, 13.5 for loss and six sacks) and portended better things to come. Quarterbacks in the Big Ten did not appreciate his improvement in what proved to be his final collegiate season -- he set a Maryland record and finished tied for second in the country with 13.5 sacks (within 15 total tackles for loss). 	Flexible and athletic with a chiseled frame. Produced 45 quarterback pressures and 13 sacks this season. Plays with plus motor. Slippery with ability to find his way into a play even though he's being blocked. Impressive lateral quickness to escape reach blocks and create perimeter contain against the run. Stays low, creeping around the corner before exploding up to the quarterback on twists. Plays with some hip flip around the corner as a pass rusher. Suddenness to unlock a more dangerous inside move.
								Needs to improve timing of the snap. False stepper as stand<U+613C><U+3E64>up rusher and takes five steps to gain five yards when bursting upfield. Pops upright out of his track stance rather than firing up the field. Several sacks the result of extended plays or being unblocked. Engrossed with blocks in front of him and loses track of the ball. Lacks quick shed hand strength or an ability to impact game at the point of attack.
							
2016	Cardale Jones	2555426	QB	Ohio St.	Jones went from relative unknown (outside Ohio) to superstar to backup during his tumultuous Buckeyes career. He signed with Ohio State a semester early after a stellar at career powerhouse Glenville (coached by Ted Ginn, Sr.), redshirted in 2012 and played just 39 plays from scrimmage in 2013 (1-3 passing, 17-128, one TD rushing). But when Braxton Miller and J.T. Barrett were lost to injury before and during the 2015 season, respectively, it was Jones? turn to shine. He came in for Barrett to finish off Michigan, beat down Wisconsin in the Big Ten Championship Game, and then led the Buckeyes to a national title a month later.  Jones finished the year completing 60.0 percent of his throws for 860 yards and seven touchdowns against two interceptions, as well as rushing for 296 yards and a score. Head Coach Urban Meyer named Jones the starter after a heated battle between he and Barrett, but Jones? inconsistency caused him to lose the job to Barrett halfway through the season (eight starts, 1,460 passing yards, 62.5 percent on completions, eight TD, five INT; 193 yards, two TD rushing). With Barrett returning for another year in 2016, Jones decided to enter the NFL draft as an early entrant rather than finishing his career at another college.	Great size to see over offensive line and bulk to withstand NFL hits. Pocket passer with as much arm as you need. Generates very good velocity without having to get feet set. Can rip it into tight quarters, challenge field-<U+613C><U+3E64>side cornerbacks and attack safeties over the top. Almost 11 percent of his pass attempts were 20-plus yard completions. Completed 59 percent of intermediate throws and 41 percent of deep throws. Touch and ball placement on long ball is pro caliber. Can drop feathery, touch throws on fade routes. Has size, athleticism and toughness to call his own number in run game and is a chain mover as a scrambler. Interceptions generally due to overthrows and poor timing over bad decision-making. Though not yet a strength, did show ability to get through progressions and find third option.
								Handed starting job and never owned it. Disappointing accuracy issues with difficulty hitting simple slants. Uncorked interceptions where unrushed pocket throws sailed way over the top of targets. Eyeballs receivers and brings heat from instinctive linebackers and defensive backs. Had issues reading and reacting to zone coverage underneath. Doesn't hold safeties with his eyes. Failed to execute timing throws out in rhythm. Will pump and reset too often forcing out routes against the sideline. Tends to overthrow near goal line and leave touchdown passes on the field. Saw completion numbers drop almost 30 percent when forced to throw on the move. Below average pocket feel and blitz awareness. Was unable to move from checkers to chess against defensive coordinators.
							
2016	Nate Sudfeld	2555427	QB	Indiana	Sudfeld missed about half of his junior year with an injured left (non-throwing) shoulder, but this fall he met the expectations of scouts who liked what they saw before the injury. The brother of New York Jets tight end Zach Sudfeld used his intriguing skill set (size, arm and mobility within the pocket) to pull down third-team All-Big Ten honors in 2015. Sudfield completed 60 percent of his passes for 3,573 yards and 27 scores against seven interceptions for a Hoosier squad that was not loaded with weapons. Sudfeld provides leadership and maturity, as well, and has worldly experience (served missions to Uganda before high school and for his 2015 spring break) that many others in this class do not.	Steps onto the field with terrific NFL size. Three-year starter who lead Big Ten in yards per pass play at 8.2 yards. Comfortable operating in timing based systems and shows ability to throw with desired anticipation. Ball usually comes out on time. Able to expedite throws when pressure finds him early. Feels pressure and gets rid of the ball over taking the sack. Makes catchable, accurate throws from the pocket. Shows off NFL arm when he steps and drives to target. Does not fear the field side throws and has arm and accuracy to make them. Puts plenty of air under touch throws allowing receivers a chance to make a play. Showed off consistent touch on deep corners. Competitive as a runner and lays out for first downs over sliding early.
								Sets up with a very wide throwing base and slight dip in his delivery. Rarely gets full hip rotation through delivery forcing him to push throws. Touch in close quarters is below average. Field vision is only average. Inconsistent with reads against zone coverage. Makes up his mind and opts for tougher throws over open throws. Struggled in this way against Iowa. At times, rushes throws over sliding in pocket waiting for routes to develop. Saw substantial dip in completion percentage when rushed by five-plus defenders. Underthrows were culprit with deep ball accuracy. Not much of a threat with his legs.
							
2016	Vernon Adams	2555428	QB	Oregon	Though short for the position, Adams won numerous FCS honors in three years at EWU, completing 65 percent of his passes for more than 10,000 yards and a whopping 110 touchdowns. He then transferred to Oregon as a college graduate to take over for 2014 Heisman Trophy winner and No. 2 overall draft pick, Marcus Mariota. His final collegiate season did not go as planned, however, as he broke his right thumb playing against his former team in the opener, limiting him for a few games. Adams looked great once healthy (64.9 completion percentage, 2,643 yards, 26 touchdowns, six interceptions for 2015), leading the team to six straight wins. The honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick got hurt again in the Alamo Bowl, where his team blew the 28-0 lead Adams had built to lose, 47-41. Even though injuries kept him off the field most of his senior year, he proved not to shrink against the higher level of competition.	Produced at a high level during his single season in the Ducks offense. Recognizes danger and typically avoids it. Only one of six interceptions due to decision-<U+613C><U+3E64>making. Shows ability to get through progressions. No hesitation to bounce to next read if he spies too much congestion with primary reads. Throws with adequate touch to all levels. Has foot quickness to depart compressed pockets from variety of angles to extend play and complete passes. Packaged play potential.
								Short, light and small hands. High-end yards per attempt slightly misleading due to scheme. Below average anticipation outside of single read route combinations. Field vision marginal. Fails to see early, easy throws. Extended release time waiting for throwing windows to open wide. Forces offensive line into extended pass protection and high sack total (26). Hesitant to challenge secondary between the hashes. Antsy feet in pocket and prefers to leave and look over sitting tight. Has long windup with slightly below 3/4 delivery. Ball placement needs improvement.
							
2016	Joel Stave	2555429	QB	Wisconsin	Stave was an all-state pick from the Badger State who stayed close to home and reaped the benefits, eventually becoming the winningest quarterback in Wisconsin history with a 31-10 record as a starter. He started six games as a redshirt freshman at UW, completing 58.8 percent of his passes for 1,104 yards, six touchdowns, and three interceptions. He would have started more games but a broken collarbone suffered in October cost him the rest of the regular season. Stave hit a peak to his career as a sophomore, accepting honorable mention All-Big Ten notice as a 13-game starter (61.9 percent, 2,494 yards, 22 touchdownss, 13 interceptions). His shoulder was injured in the team's Capital Bowl loss to South Carolina, however, which affected him into the next season. Eventually he regained the starting job as a junior, but couldn't connect often enough with his receivers (53.4 percent, 1,350 yards, nine touchdowns, 10 interceptions). Stave bounced back a bit as a senior, completing over 60 percent of his throws for a career-high 2,687 yards and 11 touchdowns, though that total matched the 11 interceptions he threw during the year. He gave NFL scouts something to think about with his effort in the Holiday Bowl win over USC, completing 18 of 27 passes for 217 yards and a touchdown on a big stage.	Looks the part with good size and a pretty, over-<U+613C><U+3E64>the-top delivery. Plays in pro-style offense and is experienced under center. Steps and drives the intermediate throws and ball comes out of his hand with a tight spiral and heat on it. Possesses above average arm strength and was asked to make NFL throws in his offense. Rhythm passer able to throw with timing. Comfortable and efficient on roll outs and bootlegs.
								Accuracy and ball placement are hit or miss. Throws at or slightly behind moving targets rather than throwing them open.. Below average pocket mobility. Shows signs of pocket panic dropping eyes at early signs of pressure. Can't win with his legs. Plays with blinders and will make throws with no awareness of safeties lurking. Poor decision making and accuracy on third downs attempting to fit throws into impossible spots.
							
2016	Alex Collins	2555430	RB	Arkansas	It didn't take long for Collins, one of the most highly recruited high school running backs in the country, to make his mark for the Razorbacks. In fact, he was the first true freshman to start his career with three 100-yard performances since Adrian Peterson in 2004. Even though he shared carries with Jonathan Williams in his first two years on campus, Collins rolled up more than 1,000 yards each year (1,026 with 4 TD in 2013, 1,100 with 12 TD in 2014), joining Darren McFadden as the only Arkansas backs to accomplish that feat. With Williams out with an injury in 2015, Collins's carries increased from 204 in 2014 to 271 in 2015 as did his production (1,577 yards, 20 TD). He earned second team All-SEC honors in his final year, finishing behind Heisman Trophy winner Derrick Henry (Alabama) and Leonard Fournette (LSU). One of the toughest runners in college football, Collins made the jump to the NFL after his junior year.	Well-built, durable frame with feet from a wind<U+613C><U+3E64>up toy. Plays with amazingly consistent and repetitive tempo as a runner. Able to weave in, out and around traffic without breaking his speed or tempo. Has foot quickness and agility to avoid the backfield traffic and the instant acceleration to get the run back underway. Patient and probing while waiting for a crease. Pad level and knee bend are outstanding. Keeps shoulders square to the line and stays low and tight through the hole. Excellent vision on the interior and consistently jukes and sidesteps tackle attempts to create additional yardage. Touchdown hog. Plated 32 rushing touchdowns over last three years. Runs with consistent forward lean and always falls forward.
								One speed runner. Doesn't play with natural one-cut stride length and everything comes off stutter-stepping, choppy strides. Feel for outside runs is off. Breaks runs back inside prematurely that still have life along their original track. Can't generate enough momentum through contact acceleration to be a tackle breaker. Credited with just five broken tackles over his last 475 carries. Unproven as pass catcher and inconsistent in squaring up his pass protection responsibilities. Has 17 career fumbles with nine lost.
							
2016	Quayvon Hicks	2555431	FB	Georgia	In a time where true fullbacks are not used regularly at the college or pro level, Hicks found a good home at Georgia, where he led the way for multiple 1,000-yard rushers. He played primarily on special teams for 12 games in his true freshman season before becoming a part of the offense the following season. Hicks started six games, playing 13, and getting his hands on the ball as a runner (10-72, one TD) and receiver (5-67) as a sophomore. He again started six of 13 games played in 2014, rushing nine times for 85 yards and two scores while catching four passes for 31 yards. His production dropped as a senior (4-9 rushing; 3-34 receiving), but his contributions as a blocker were acknowledged with an invite to the NFL Scouting Combine.	Burly, well-<U+613C><U+3E64>proportioned frame. Has booming power if he lands squarely as a downhill thumper. Plays with good speed to get out in front as lead blocker. Has experience with short yardage carries and can catch the ball out of the backfield. Former high school defensive tackle with plenty of physicality to his game. Able blocker in pass protection.
								Extremely inconsistent with reads on outside zone plays. Showed hesitation and assignment confusion on some snaps. Bulky in space with very average body control and ability to radar in on moving shifty targets. Missed bowl game with a knee injury.
							
2016	Andy Janovich	2555432	FB	Nebraska	The walk-on tradition at Nebraska is strong, with many players becoming stars after failing to receive a scholarship before arriving on campus. Janovich was an All-Nebraska pick at running back and linebacker, while also winning two state wrestling titles (one at 220 pounds and one at 189 pounds). The Cornhusker staff decided to combine his experience as a ballcarrier with his love of physical play, moving him to fullback. He played in 11 games, starting two, as a true freshman (3-4 rushing, 2-13 receiving) before contributing in 13 games in 2013. Janovich battled through rehabbing a knee injury at the start of his junior season, playing in all 13 games to aid Ameer Abdullah's quest for 1,000 yards and starting the final two. He had his most prolific season as a senior, running the ball 42 times for 265 yards and three scores and catching two passes for 58 yards. Despite the drop in NFL teams looking for true fullbacks, Janovich earned an invitation to the NFL Scouting Combine, possibly due to his special teams process (13 tackles in 2015).	Rare running fullback with short-area wiggle to make defenders miss. Grinds through contact and can break tackles en route to grinding out additional yardage. Might have value as short yardage runner in pros. Runs feet through downhill contact on iso blocks. Can help as blocker in pass pro. Special teams cover specialist with 13 tackles this season. Can play elephant in pros and cover kickoffs. Weight room warrior.
								Could be limited by scheme fit. Doesn't have girth teams look for in hammer-<U+613C><U+3E64>head lead blocker. More of a positional blocker than kick-out blocker against edge setters. Has habit of ducking head into blocks. Limited experience in passing attack.
							
2016	Tre Madden	2555458	RB	USC	With an uncle (former USC/NFL corner Daylon McCutcheon) who coaches for the New York Jets, a grandfather that scouts for the Los Angeles Rams (former star running back Lawrence McCutcheon), and a father (Curtis) that played running back at Kansas State, it's easy to see how football became a big part of Madden's life.  Unfortunately, he hasn?t been able to take full advantage of his talents during his time at USC, missing the 2012 (knee) and 2014 (turf toe) seasons due to injuries and being slowed in two other seasons. He played 12 games (with one start) as a linebacker for the Trojans before coaches moved him to running back after the season. Madden tore knee ligaments during spring 2012 practices, however, postponing his debut in the backfield until 2013. He ran for 100 yards in three straight games to start that season, starting the Trojans? first six contests, but a hamstring injury caused him to take it easy over the rest of the year (he finished with 138-703, three TD rushing; 15-201, four TD receiving). It was a similar story for Madden in 2015 (85-452, five TD rushing; 17-133, one TD receiving), as he started six games to start the year, hitting the 100-yard mark twice before another knee injury limited his carries until he had surgery after the regular season.	Compact frame with good overall size and leg thickness. Former linebacker who runs with toughness and a hint of nasty. Used in short yardage spots and came through. Lowers head and leans into contact absorbing the hit and falling forward for the tough yards. Runs a reliable track trusting his blockers and making cuts off of their blocks. Willing pass blocker on third downs. Intelligent player with football character. Football runs in the family.
								Average athlete with hip tightness and knee issues that limit his ability to make sharp, lateral cuts to avoid defenders. Mundane burst through the hole allowing defensive linemen to get into him. Doesn't have edge speed to consistently get the corner. Can't stay healthy. Missed 2012 with a knee injury and 2014 with turf toe. Missed time in December of 2015.
							
2016	Keith Marshall	2555459	RB	Georgia	It was hoped Marshall would be the next great back to play between the hedges. He was the North Carolina Gatorade Player of the Year as a high school senior, rushing for nearly 1,900 yards, and recruiters appreciated that he was the state Class AAAA 100-meter dash champion. Marshall made a great first impression, taking 117 carries as a true freshman for 759 yards and eight scores (he also had 11-91, one TD receiving). Five games into his sophomore season, however, he suffered a torn right ACL against Tennessee and missed the rest of the year (56-246, one TD rushing; 8-111, one TD receiving). He attempted to come back for 2014, but could only play three games (12-24 rushing) because his knee did not heal properly. Ironically, an injury to his teammate, Nick Chubb, made it possible for Marshall to get 68 carries (for 350 yards and three scores) in his final year with the Bulldogs. Instead of petitioning the NCAA for another year of eligibility due to two lost seasons, Marshall decided to move on and try to make his way in the NFL.	Combines size and raw speed. Before knee injuries possessed blazing, third-level speed. Had 12 percent of his runs in 2012 go for 15-plus yards. Has the burst gear and bend to squeeze through constricted run lanes. Tight, efficient footwork for quick lateral cuts before getting run back on track downhill. Makes early tackle attempts miss. Intelligent player who can learn quickly. Limited production in passing game, but able pass catcher.
								Doesn't look as fast as before his 2013 ACL tear. Appears to lack confidence as a runner. Hesitant runner through creases like back expecting to be tackled rather than running to daylight. Weight gets too far out over toes causing lack of balance. Misses out on huge runs with inability to shake safety in open field. Missing feel for the rushing track and patience to let blocks develop in outside zone game.
							
2016	Paul Perkins	2555460	RB	UCLA	Seeing Perkins succeed as a college running back is not surprising, given that his father Bruce (whose first name is actually Paul) played fullback for two years in the NFL and his uncle Don played eight years for the Dallas Cowboys. His younger brother, Bryce, redshirted at Arizona State (where Bruce played) last year, as well. Living up to the family name can be challenging, but Perkins showed great promise as a redshirt freshman by starting six games and finishing as the team's top rusher after athletic quarterback Brett Hundley (134-573, six touchdowns). Hundley didn?t have to run as much in 2014, handing the ball to Perkins 251 times and watching the back go for a Pac-12 best 1,575 yards and nine touchdowns (plus 26 passes to Perkins for 201 yards and two scores). He somehow was only voted honorable mention all-conference for that performance, but coaches wised up in 2015, naming him to their second-team after another excellent season (1,343 yards, 14 TD rushing; 30-242, one TD receiving). 	One of the top creators in the draft combining elite vision and a wicked jump<U+613C><U+3E64>-cut. Can disappear before tackler's eyes and put them on his highlight reel. Shows no directional tendencies with his cuts and can make defenders miss in tight quarters. Decisive when working between the tackles, but can bounce it when warranted. Flashes sudden, 1-cut ability on stretch plays. Stacks moves on moves. Reliable hands when asked to help in passing game. Willing to stick his nose in against the blitz.
								Smallish frame for the big-boy workload asked of him. Arm tackle attempts cause hiccup in his journey. Runs halted abruptly when tacklers square him up. Could be forced off field in short yardage spots. Missing NFL-caliber force to run through contact and fall forward. Limited to swings, screens and wheels as receiver. Lacked consistent play speed with his wheel routes. Might lack requisite sand in his pants to be counted on for NFL blitz pickup.
							
2016	Wendell Smallwood	2555461	RB	West Virginia	The Big 12's leading rusher in 2015 was Smallwood, in a bit of an upset over bigger names like Oklahoma's Samaje Perine and Baylor's Shock Linwood. He rushed for 1,519 yards and nine touchdowns in 13 games, while also catching 26 passes out of the backfield for 160 yards, in what proved to be his final year with the Mountaineers after filing for early entry into the 2016 NFL Draft. As a sophomore, Smallwood was second on the team with 722 rushing yards and two scores on 148 carries, and contributed 31 catches for 326 yards as a receiver. He had showed promise as a true freshman, as well, (39-221 rushing; 11-132 receiving, one start in 12 games), but he nearly was untracked in the following offseason after being arrested on a warrant for a witness tampering charge. Smallwood was accused of telling someone to recant their statement accusing one of his friends in a fatal shooting case. The charges were officially dropped when his friend pleaded guilty in the murder case, allowing Smallwood to continue his football career. 	Hits the crease with proper pad level and can spin off of initial tackle attempt on his way to additional yardage. Attacks his foes with lead shoulder at the end of the run for an aggressive finish. Runs a disciplined track as zone runner using solid vision and steady tempo. One of the sharpest players on the offense. Scans and spots blitzers on the creep and steps over to meet them as a blocker. Possesses exceptional hands as an option out of the backfield.
								Can use more beef on his frame to handle the rigors of the NFL. Monotone runner who tends to keep his runs at one speed. Not flashy or particularly creative as a runner. Gets what is blocked and is more of a physical finisher than tackle breaker. Has an extended gear down on outside zone to hit downhill cuts. Average athleticism and lacks the sudden jump cut.
							
2016	Kelvin Taylor	2555462	RB	Florida	Talk about football genes ... this Gator followed in the steps of his father Fred Taylor, one of the most productive running backs in Florida and NFL history. It was not surprising that he become the Florida high school record-holder in rushing yards, accumulating 12,121 yards and 191 touchdowns in five years on the varsity squad (yes, he played as an eighth grader). The 2012 Lou Groza High School Player of the Year joined his father in winning the award, becoming the first family duo to do so. Taylor showed glimpses of that talent in a Freshman All-SEC season in 2013 (508 rush yards, four TD) and a sophomore season without a ton of opportunities (565 yards, six TD on 116 carries). He finally became "the man" for the Gators, getting 259 totes and covering 1,035 yards and scoring 13 times while also catching 17 passes for 150 yards. He might not be drafted in the first round, like his father was in 1998 by Jacksonville (ninth overall pick), but Taylor has an NFL future.	Plays the game with advanced understanding of an NFL player's son. Able to find additional yardage on his own with vision and outstanding lateral agility. Sweeping jump <U+613C><U+3E64>cut eludes sudden roadblocks. Can squeeze through a narrow patch when needed. Stacks cuts on cuts onto the second level. Has quickness to gain the corner. Never fumbled during time at Florida spanning 486 carries and 510 touches. Understands job requirements as pass blocker and executes to best of his ability.
								Shows lack of patience at time failing to press line of scrimmage and open up cutback lanes. Indecisive, at times, when approaching the line and seems to always be looking for the next cut rather than finishing the run. Doesn't have tackle-breaking power and runs often end at contact. Despite willingness to block, lacks the beef to hold ground against A-gap linebackers.
							
2016	Shad Thornton	2555463	RB	N.C. State	Although Thornton's talent as a runner could have earned him top-100 consideration, his inability to stay out of trouble might prevent him from being drafted at all. He was suspended for the first two games of 2015 for a rules violation, and then dismissed from the team after two incidents involving his scooter. Thornton was charged with assaulting a female (his girlfriend) in the summer of 2013, missing one game that season. He also was found in possession of marijuana in December 2013 and March 2014, though the charges were dismissed in both cases. Thornton actually led the Wolfpack in rushing three straight seasons, putting up 694 yards (three touchdowns) in 2012 and 768 yards (four touchdowns) in 2013 before earning honorable mention All-ACC accolades in 2014 (907 yards, nine touchdowns) in a platoon backfield. He played well the first three games of his senior season (203 yards, 6.8 per carry, three touchdowns) before running afoul of the law. 	Fluid hips with ability to get to top speed quickly. Decisive runner with the burst to get through the crease and on top of linebackers quickly. At home on sweep plays where he uses speed to turn the corner or vision for cutback lanes. Better tackle breaker than gangly frame warrants.
								Unreliable hands as pass catcher. Wild, upright running style opens him to heavy hits. Plays with rushed approach creating some balance issues. Severe character red flags. Dismissed from the team early in season after an arrest involving a moped crash. Has had numerous brushes with authority. Suspended for one game in 2013 after a physical altercation with his girlfriend in the student library.
							
2016	DeAndre Washington	2555464	RB	Texas Tech	Smart coaches take advantage of the talent that is on their roster. Former Tech quarterback Kliff Kingsbury showed his intelligence by figuring out that he needed to get the rock to his wrecking ball named DeAndre Washington, despite the team's reputation as a pass-first squad. Certainly, Washington contributed throughout his career, starting off playing in 11 games (one start) as a true freshman (77-366, three touchdowns). But that year ended with a torn ACL, so he was forced to redshirt the 2012 season. Washington got back on track as a sophomore (107-485, four touchdowns in 12 games, two starts) and became "the man" for Tech as a junior, garnering second-team All-Big 12 honors by covering 1,103 yards on just 188 carries (5.9 per rush) and scoring twice. Given the chance to carry the ball nearly 20 times a game as a senior, Washington proved his worth with a first-team All-Big 12 pick (233-1,492, 14 touchdowns). NFL teams won?t ignore his contributions in the passing game, either (30-328, two touchdowns in 2014; 41-385, two touchdowns in 2015).	Exceptional turnover in his feet. Gets up to top gear quickly and plays there. Gamer who lacks no confidence. Short but muscular with well-<U+613C><U+3E64>built calves and a toughness that belies his size. Is unafraid of the work required as an interior runner. Works to keep his pads square and runs with desired balance. Can push through an arm tackle and is willing in pass protection. Dangerous run after catch ability in screen game and from the slot. Reliable and productive.
								Overall size will be a challenging obstacle to conquer. Predictably small hands may have lead to issues with drops and fumbles. Showed inconsistency and lack of discipline with his run path at times. More straight-line quick and shifty in space. Vision is nothing special and is often late making necessary reads and cuts. Too small to pick up blitzing linebackers in NFL.
							
2016	DeMarcus Ayers	2555465	WR	Houston	Ayers was an explosive, if undersized, running back from Texas when he arrived on the UH campus, but left after three years as one the best combination slot receiver/return specialists in the country. Getting the ball in his hands was important to Houston coaches, so he lined up as the primary kick returner as a true freshman, earning first-team All-AAC honors (37-1,021, one TD) while working his way into a starting spot the final three games of the year (11-130, one TD receiving).  Ayers continued to return kicks in his sophomore year (34-592) but also started eight games as a receiver (33-335, two TD).  With the exciting Greg Ward, Jr. operating as the team's quarterback (and leading rusher) in 2015, Ayers fed off that energy to earn first-team all-conference with 98 catches for 1,222 yards and six scores while going back to his roots as a running back at times (25-147, one TD rushing). He also moved from returning kickoffs to taking back punts, earning first team accolades there as well (28-290, one TD). In the Cougars' Peach Bowl win over Florida State, Ayers threw for a touchdown, too. That meant he had done just about everything he could as a collegiate offensive weapon, so he decided to head to the NFL instead of returning with Ward for another run in 2016.	Creates doubt in cornerbacks at the stem with exaggerated head and shoulder fake and aggressive jab step. Has working understanding of leverage in routes and works to create desired movement from defender. Gets off the line and into routes with forward lean and desired acceleration. Can slip initial tackler and add to his yards after catch. Talented punt returner with good ability to weave through traffic and find the open doors. Frame has more room for muscle.
								Smaller than ideal. Limited to slot work in the pros. Benefited from scheme that fed him bubble screens, speed outs and jet sweeps. Inexperienced route runner lacking work in more complex passing attack. Catch and run specialist with just 53.1 percent of his receptions going for first downs. Not as sudden as expected. Has shown struggles with double catches and focus drops. Slight hesitation into his routes off snap. Will have to learn to play against more physical corners looking to jam and body him.
							
2016	Tyler Boyd	2555466	WR	Pittsburgh	Despite experiencing uneven quarterback play during his time at Pitt, Boyd became the most prolific pass-receiver in the school?s history, setting records for receptions (254 in three years) and receiving yards (3,361). Boyd grew up not far from Pittsburgh, and stood out even in a football-crazy state like Pennsylvania, setting the state record with 117 career touchdowns and winning the Class A Player of the Year twice. As a freshman, Boyd didn?t disappoint, garnering third-team All-ACC honors with 85 catches covering 1,174 yards and seven scores. He also ran for 108 yards and earned 425 kick return yards for the season, as well as returning a punt 54 yards for a score in the team?s bowl game.  Boyd received first team all-conference nods as a receiver in his sophomore (78-1,261, eight TD receiving) and junior (91-926, six TD receiving, 349 rush yards), while collecting second-team All-ACC honors as a returner in 2014 (442 kick return yards, 162 punt return yards). With all of that production in just three seasons, it was no surprise Boyd entered the 2016 NFL Draft.	Ultra-competitive. Known for powerful hands that clamp instantly onto ball and finish heavily contested catches. Has over-<U+613C><U+3E64>the-middle toughness. Plays with outstanding body control and has ability to gyrate and contort in midair in order to make acrobatic catches look easy. Brimming with confidence. Targeted 124 times or more in each of his three seasons. Able to create window through route polish. Sinks into breaks and comes out low with good turn radius when needed. Sits in space and slows routes when necessary to prevent safety from crowding him in deep middle. Has handled some kick return and punt return duties during his time at Pitt.
								Relatively low touchdown production to target rate. Marginal long speed. Isn't a threat to run by corners and has to win with routes and hands. Just a possession receiver much of the year. Limited YAC potential due to lack of shake in open field and power to break tackles. Became a fumble factory on punt returns this year and ball security must be addressed. Lacks juice to be full-time kick returner. Separation windows close quickly due to average getaway quickness out of breaks. Needs to use body better to protect the catch rather than just relying on strong mitts.
							
2016	D.J. Foster	2555467	WR	Arizona State	Even though Foster's blend of acceleration and toughness as a runner made him one of the best running backs in the country (second-team All-Pac-12), he decided his future interests were best served using his excellent receiving skills in the slot for his senior season. The all-purpose threat was the only Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) player with 1,500 career rushing and receiving yards coming into his senior year, and was used in both roles again in 2015 (280 rushing yards; 59-584 receiving, three scores). Although he didn't make a ton of big plays in his new role, NFL teams might still consider him a valued prospect.	NA	NA
2016	Rashard Higgins	2555468	WR	Colorado St.	A bit overshadowed playing in Fort Collins, Higgins was simply one of the most productive players in college football the past two seasons. The school's all-time leader in receptions (239), receiving yards (3,649) and receiving touchdowns (31). He actually had his worst season in 2015 with a new offense and a new quarterback (75-1,062, 8 TD) but was still a first team All-Mountain West selection. His 2014 season was phenomenal, garnering consensus All-American and first team all-conference honors with 96 catches (10th in the FBS) for a nation-leading 1,750 yards and 17 touchdowns. The Biletnikoff Award finalist's 17 touchdowns averaged 35 yards each. The honorable mention all-Texas pick became an immediate starter for the Rams in 2013, leading the team with 68 catches for 837 yards and six touchdowns. 	Has sink into his breaks and comes out with enough juice for workable separation. Possesses decent run after the catch talent. All-<U+613C><U+3E64>day hands catcher with good extension who saw substantial improvement with his battle against focus drops. Focuses like a laser when tracking the deep ball. Understands how to work late separation along sideline through leverage. Always on top of his high-point game as a downfield pass catcher. Subtle in his routes but able to get corners leaning.
								Pedestrian speed into routes. Will need to improve the sharpness of his routes to gain adequate separation in the pros. Had moments of nonchalance near end zone. Saw explosive catch rate drop from 25 percent to 13 percent. Play strengths is a shade below where it needs to be. Can get stuck to press coverage and will need to vary and improve his release. Gets in the way as a blocker, but might lack commitment.
							
2016	Johnny Holton	2555469	WR	Cincinnati	The Bearcats' passing offense ranked sixth in the country in 2015, possessing enough depth at receiver that Holton only managed 17 receptions in eight games (missing time with hamstring and other injuries). But the 27.1 yards-per-catch average (461 total) and five scores caught the eye of talent evaluators. Holton has been a big-play receiver wherever he's been. First, he succeeded at the junior college level by racking up 548 yards and eight touchdowns on just 23 catches (23.8 average) for the College of Dupage (Ill.) as a sophomore and 17-289, seven TD as a freshman. Once he appeared on the UC campus, not only did he became a reliable downfield receiver (29-431, five TD in 2014), but also kick returner (45-942 in 2014-2015).	Outstanding long speed to outside the numbers to force safeties into early, over<U+613C><U+3E64>-the-top help. Has true separation speed for the big play. Almost half of his 17 catches went for 25-plus yards. In his final three games, had seven catches for 269 yards and three touchdowns. Brings kick return experience with him.
								Straight-line speedster lacking the fluid hips for intricate routes and sudden change of direction. Scouts believe he is finesse player who can only play outside the numbers. Extremely limited in routes he was asked to run. Missed six games due to two leg injuries. Soft blocker offering little value in that department.
							
2016	Cayleb Jones	2555470	WR	Arizona	As a hometown hero from Austin and the son of former Butkus Award finalist at East Carolina and star NFL linebacker Robert Jones, big things were expected from Cayleb when he arrived on the University of Texas campus. He contributed a bit as a true freshman (2-25 receiving in 11 games) before running into trouble in March 2013, being charged with felony aggravated assault after hitting and breaking the jaw of a UT tennis player. The charges were eventually reduced, but the damage was done and he decided to get a fresh start in Tucson. He redshirted the 2013 season before leading the Wildcats in receiving as a junior (73 catches, 1,019 yards, nine touchdowns) and garnering honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors. Jones was Arizona's lead receiver again last fall, catching 55 passes for 904 yards and five scores.	Comes from football bloodlines. His father, Robert, was a 10-year linebacker in the NFL and his uncle is former starting quarterback, Jeff Blake. Tall and long. Uses his length to the best of his ability high-pointing balls that look destined to be overthrows. Dangerous fade target in the red <U+613C><U+3E64>zone who can pick it over the heads of smaller corners. Extremely productive sophomore season. Ball tracker who finds some late separation on vertical routes.
								Upright target. Easy for press corners to get under his pads and jam his release. Feet lack initial quickness to make press corners pay. Looks slow on tape. Might have to live with defenders in his pocket if he makes it in the league. Stiff hips offer little sink into breaks and routes are sluggish and sloppy. Arrested and charged with felony aggravated assault at Texas before transferring to Arizona. The charge was reduced to misdemeanor.
							
2016	Kenny Lawler	2555471	WR	California	Lawler and quarterback Jared Goff made a great combination for Cal, helping the Bears increase their win total from one to eight over the past three seasons. As a redshirt freshman, tied for the team lead with five touchdown catches among his 37 receptions for 347 yards. Goff and Lawler left for the NFL after a strong 2015 season for both, with Lawler voted a first-team All-Pac-12 pick with 52 catches, 658 yards, and 13 touchdowns (ranking in the top ten nationally). He finished his Cal career with three touchdowns against Air Force in the Armed Forces Bowl.	Touchdown maker at Cal scoring once every 5.3 receptions. Uses tight, sharp footwork getting in and out of his breaks. Has a feel for finding opening against zone. Runs routes with consistent play speed. Able to get to top speed early. Sinks into comeback routes and works aggressively back to the throw. Snatches the ball away from his body with impressive hand strength. Hands and body control to make the "wow" catch up top or down low.
								String<U+613C><U+3E64>-bean body type. Play strength will always be a concern depending upon individual matchup. Will need to tighten up release against NFL press corners. Inconsistent route runner. Scouts question how he will run at combine. Tape doesn't show cushion-eating speed to inspire fear in NFL corners. Average ability to create after the catch. Concentration drops have crept into his play at times.
							
2016	Roger Lewis	2555472	WR	Bowling Green	In February of 2012, Lewis was meant to be announcing which school he would be attending. Instead, he was in jail facing two charges of felony rape. Eventually he was found not guilty of one count and accepted three years' probation after pleading down to falsification in exchange for dismissal of the rape charge. Once the legal troubles were behind him, and after playing the 2013 season at Jireh Prep School (35-900, 13 touchdowns), Lewis signed with Bowling Green. His impact was swift, earning first-team All-MAC honors after catching 73 passes for 1,093 and seven scores. Lewis dominated the MAC again as a sophomore, grabbing 85 balls for 1,544 yards (which ranked second in the FBS) and 16 touchdowns. Lewis made the most of his second chance, and after leaving school early, is in prime condition to achieve his dream of playing in the NFL.	Found his way into several, big play catches down the field for Bowling Green. Has size and arm length for desired catch radius to pluck floaters over the top. Able to avoid head<U+613C><U+3E64>-on collisions in the middle of the field and adjust routes while making the catch. Saw production dramatically spike across the board despite 11 fewer targets than in 2014. Half of his 16 touchdown catches were for 45 yards or more.
								After a red-hot start, cooled way down over the second half of the season. Looked completely overmatched against Tennessee's cornerbacks. Doesn't have vertical push to back cornerbacks off and allow him room for comebacks. Missing twitch or suddenness to uncover in tight quarters. Needs to add strength. Ball skills need work. Gets late start leaping and attacking the downfield throw at high point.
							
2016	Ricardo Louis	2555473	WR	Auburn	Louis is part of Auburn football lore because of his miracle catch on a tipped pass to beat rival Georgia with less than a minute remaining in 2013. That catch helped his team get to the BCS Championship Game that season, although he contributed more than just one play during the season (seven starts, 28-325, two touchdowns; 198 rush yards). Louis started five games as a junior though his statistics didn't improve (21-261, three touchdowns; 220 yards, one rushing touchdown) because of a deep receiving corps including "Duke" Williams and Sammie Coates. With Williams dismissed during the 2015 season and Coates in the NFL, Louis got a chance to shine for pro scouts as a senior, making plays as the team's leading receiver (46-716, three scores; 158 yards, one rushing touchdown) despite the team's suddenly mediocre quarterback play.	Thickly built wide out with a frame comparable to a running back. Handled substantial workload increase with dismissal of Duke Williams. Former "catch<U+613C><U+3E64>-and-run" receiver who proved effective with more complex routes. Gets open downfield with crisp routes and acceleration out of his breaks. Uses leverage, head fakes and subtle directional change to separate. Makes first tackler miss and will finish his run with some pop. Ran sweeps in Auburn rush attack and showed good field vision as runner. Aware and effective with footwork near sideline. Second gear is present against cornerbacks on skinny posts.
								Issues with focus drops and hauling in the tough, downfield catch with greater consistency. Gives away receptions by waiting rather than working back to throws allowing defenders to close and defend. Scheme created several openings in coverage he was able to exploit. Has route "tell" tied to stride length off the line. Stride much different off snap for deeper routes. On underneath routes, tries to push cornerbacks with arm churn over early acceleration.
							
2016	Byron Marshall	2555474	WR	Oregon	One of the main cogs in the Oregon attack, Marshall accumulated 1,000 rushing yards in 2013 and 1,000 receiving yards in 2014 (earning honorable mention All-Pac-12 notice). However, he missed all but the first four games of 2015 with a leg injury, accumulating 121 yards and two touchdowns on nine catches. Former teammate De'Anthony Thomas was more explosive, but lasted until the fourth round of the 2014 draft due to his size; Marshall's thicker build might allow him to translate to the NFL more easily.	Gives teams a "manufactured touch" option. Played running back and receiver with Oregon getting him the ball from every spot on the field. Shows good initial burst off line of scrimmage to get a leg <U+613C><U+3E64>up against press coverage. Instant acceleration and early top end speed create vertical separation potential. Uses plus body control and mid-air adjustments to win at the circus. Well-built with ability to handle extended handoff throws. Downhill kick returner who can challenge for a job.
								Suffered serious ankle injury that ended his season in late September. Caught between third down back and slot receiver. Substantially behind in his route knowledge and experience. All separation created by athleticism over route savvy. Below-average sink into open spots of the zone. Settles in too close to zone defenders. Slow to find and track the deep throws. Hands inconsistent and unreliable.
							
2016	Jalin Marshall	2555475	WR	Ohio St.	As a five-star recruit set to play in his home state, Marshall faced high expectations from Buckeyes fans. His transition from spectacular dual-threat quarterback to wide receiver was not immediate, however, as he redshirted the 2013 season due to injuries (including a concussion). He then tore a meniscus in spring practice, slowing his development a bit more. The payoff came in the team's national championship season of 2014, as he played in all 15 games as a reserve and was the team's second-leading receiver with 38 catches for 499 yards and six scores. Those freshman-year numbers, which were second only to Hall of Fame receiver Cris Carter in OSU's storied history, gained him Freshman All-American accolades. Marshall was also second on the team in receiving in 2015 and receiving honorable mention All-Big Ten honors as a receiver (36-477, five TD) and punt returner (28-379), before deciding to head to the next level. 	Athletic with smooth hips and plus body control. Has feet to bound around initial tackler in space and can create after the catch. Good size for the slot, but gained experience on outside this season. Former dual-<U+613C><U+3E64>threat high school quarterback who offers versatility on jet sweeps and packaged plays. Should continue to improve at the position with experience and coaching. Subtle and shifty in space. Able to run under the deep balls and is an excellent ball tracker. Excellent punt returner with 34.6 percent of his punts going for 15-plus yards.
								Benefited from scheme. Stacks and bunch sets allowed for easier release. Must prove he can win against press man coverage. Routes are raw and rounded. Needs to do better job of working to softest spots against zone coverage. Smooth, but lacking instant burst component with all in his hands. Doesn't show the ball skills necessary to 50/50 balls or consistently finish contested throws. Hand strength is average. Struggles securing poorly thrown balls.
							
2016	Marquez North	2555476	WR	Tennessee	North's talent was obvious in high school, as recruiting services ranked him among the top 10 receivers in the country and a four-star prospect. His athleticism was never in doubt, either, as he was the son of Ramando North, who played in the NFL and CFL and a member of the USA Track and Field Junior Olympic team running the 110-meter hurdles. And in his freshman season, it appeared North was destinated for SEC success. He started 11 games, catching 38 passes for 496 yards (ranking behind only Kelley Washington and Stanley Morgan in the UT books) and scoring once in a Freshman All-SEC campaign. He had a fair sophomore season (30-320, four TD), but then things started going south. He struggled with injuries at the end of the year, and tore his labrum in November. North could only manage six catches for 58 yards as a junior in 2015, starting the first four games but failing to stay on the field as injuries hampered him. Despite the maladies, North decided to declare for the 2016 draft to see if a change in scenery would allow his natural talent to shine.	Looks the part when he steps off the bus. Has NFL size and reliable, soft hands. Snatches ball away from his frame and gets upfield quickly after the catch. Extended catch radius with ability to adjust high, low or behind him to make the catch. Capable blocker to help spring running game on the perimeter.
								Disappointing career with unimpressive production. Dealt with injuries every year in school including knee and back problems in 2015 limiting him to just seven games and six catches. Slow. Doesn't have feet to clear aggressive press coverage or the burst to get over the top. Uninspired route runner with average separation talent. Needs to work back to the ball.
							
2016	Charone Peake	2555477	WR	Clemson	Named as one of the top 15 players in the country coming out of high school, big things were expected from Peake when he arrived at Death Valley. However, injuries and other rising stars (DeAndre Hopkins, Martavis Bryant and Sammy Watkins) held off his explosion on the scene until late in his career. Peake played in 14 games as a true freshman (4-71 receiving, 2-22 kick returns) and started two of 13 games played in a sophomore campaign (25-172, two TD receiving). Peake started the first two games of the 2013 season (8-84, one TD) before tearing his ACL in a September practice. He took a medical redshirt that season, and eventually made his way back onto the field the next season (four starts in seven games, 12-129, two TD receiving). Finally healthy and fully utilized with Deshaun Watson running an excellent Clemson offense that pushed the Tigers to the national championship game, Peake had the best year of his career in 2015 (50-716, five TD). 	Possesses outstanding combination of size, length and deep speed. Looks the part of a WR1. Plays with consistent lean and acceleration into routes. Big athlete with some shake underneath to separate in tight quarters. Controlled strider after the catch with ability to hit top gear quickly on wide receiver screens and crossers. Is best when aggressively finishing catches against cornerbacks. Three-level potential as a pass catcher. Shows cornerbacks varied route speeds. Sells route at his top speed, but has another gear saved up to overtake defender when he hits the gas. Legitimate deep ball threat. Has potential to be dominant run blocker if he commits. Hard worker in the classroom and scouts love his personal character.
								Hands are extremely small for his size and position. Late to get hands in catch<U+613C><U+3E64>-ready position on intermediate throws. Dropped five passes for drop rate of 9.1 percent. Slows a bit on vertical routes when turning to find ball rather than maintaining top speed. Can improve working to open spaces against zone. Production never matched talent. Inconsistent in release success against press. Injuries are a major concern with two knee surgeries in his background.
							
2016	Demarcus Robinson	2555478	WR	Florida	Despite Robinson's athletic prowess, his ability to take advantage of those gifts, or to stay out of trouble, short-circuited his career in Gainesville. He was suspended four times with the Gators (twice in 2013), including once late in the 2015 season, to go along with two benchings in his final year on campus. The nephew of former South Carolina and NFL receiver Marcus Robinson, Demarcus was a major recruiting coup for the Gators as an all-state pick from Georgia. He played in only seven games as a freshman, though, due to two suspensions (5-23 receiving). Robinson took a step forward as a sophomore, catching 53 passes for 810 yards and seven touchdowns. His statistics dropped in 2015, however, as he played 13 games but could only manage 522 yards and two scores on 48 receptions as the Gators' offense struggled all season long.	Talent jumps off the tape early in the session. Electric vertical talent that can make cornerbacks re<U+613C><U+3E64>think their coverage plans. Has shake at the line of scrimmage to free himself against press coverage and has adequate ball tracking skills. Graceful, flexible athlete with instant turbo acceleration. Has ability to hit the home run after the catch. Races off the line and forced cornerbacks into retreat opening easy comeback catches. Has talent and ability to make a living outside or from the slot.
								Routes can be lazy at times. Will need to improve with selling fakes at break point of his routes as a pro. Too reliant on athleticism and speed over improvement of skill level. Hands are a concern with 11 drops to 106 catches at Florida. Plays smaller than his listed size. Suspended four times while at Florida. Scouts call him immature and selfish.
							
2016	Alonzo Russell	2555479	WR	Toledo	Although Russell was one of the top high school receivers in the Washington D.C. metro area, he struggled to meet the academic requirements needed to play college ball. After attending a prep academy, he walked onto the Toledo campus as a regular student and eventually earned the right to play. Once he did, he showed his talent, being voted on the coaches' All-MAC squad all four of his collegiate seasons, three times on the third team before moving up to grab second-team honors in 2015. As a redshirt freshman, he caught 56 passes for a career-high 960 yards and five scores. He caught 59 passes for 728 yards and six touchdowns as a sophomore, 51 for 770 and eight scores in 2014, and finished off his career with 36 receptions for 618 yards and five touchdowns.  	Tall with good weight and arm length and ability to add more muscle. Drops hips and opens very quickly to find the ball on comebacks. Does his best work in intermediate game working back to throws in space. Lulls defenders with varied route speed when working the middle of the field. Had some issues with drops this year, but appears to be natural hands catcher. Ball winner down the field with great high point and ball tracking. Shows some route savvy in his work.
								Too eager to test his luck with contested catches rather than stacking cornerbacks on his hip for easier grabs. Doesn't have much juice into routes off snap and a quality press can hinder him. Inconsistent in his play speed and is unable to create consistent separation with underneath routes. Not as committed to blocking as he should be with his size. Scouts say he found coaches' dog<U+613C><U+3E64>house while at Toledo.
							
2016	Rashawn Scott	2555480	WR	Miami	Scott had difficulty staying on the field during his time with the Hurricanes. He missed parts of the 2011 (one catch for two yards in six games) and 2013 (3-38 in four games) seasons and all of 2014 with collarbone and shoulder injuries. Scott also faced multiple suspensions for violating team rules, missing the final three games of a strong 2012 campaign (35-512, three touchdowns in nine games) and being kept home from the Russell Athletic Bowl in 2013. Somehow, it all came  together for Scott in his fifth year, as he garnered third-team All-ACC recognition with 52 receptions for 695 yards and five scores. He must show maturity and health during the pre-draft process if teams are to use a draft pick to secure his services.	Former high school track man who comes out of the starting blocks with great forward lean off the snap and into his routes. Salesman on comeback routes charging out at full speed to force cornerbacks into defensive posture. Hand fighter who fights back against corners trying to crowd him against the boundary. Has some untapped talent that might intrigue teams.
								Can't stay healthy. Missed 2011 and 2014 and parts of two other seasons with shoulder or collarbone issues. Maturity has been a concern for chunks of his time at Miami. Made first start ever this season. Routes lack discipline and crispness. Body catcher with poor hands. Has 16 drops to just 90 catches for his career. Drop rate of 13.3 percent was worst for starters in ACC this season.
							
2016	De'Runnya Wilson	2555481	WR	Mississippi St.	Wilson was a basketball star who moonlighted as a receiver for his senior season, much to his coach's delight (31-682, seven TD receiving). Despite lacking any knowledge of how to really play the position, and not even being sure he wanted to play football, the Bulldogs put him out on the field as a true freshman. He collected 26 passes for 351 yards and three scores, learning along the way. Wilson starting 10 games in 2014, catching 47 passes for 680 yards and nine scores (including 9-105, two TD vs Orange Bowl against Georgia Tech). SEC coaches recognized his continued improvement in his third and final season with the Bulldogs, voting him second team all-conference after he started all 13 games, making 60 grabs for 918 yards and 10 touchdowns. Again he came up big in a bowl game, catching five throws for 96 yards and a touchdown in the Belk Bowl against North Carolina State. 	Tight, controlled stride length into routes for a tall, leggy receiver. Battles through with hand fighting and strength. Clears out route squatters with physicality. Extraordinary catch radius. Combines height and length like giant net to snare would<U+613C><U+3E64>-be incompletions. Confident hands catcher. Almost 77 percent of his catches went for first downs. Former hooper with superb ball skills on fades and downfield 50/50s. Bodies defender pre-catch to take control and high-points over the top. Legitimate red zone weapon. Size and contested catch ability a plus. Lacks consistency, but able to force cornerbacks out of the picture as run blocker.
								Mechanical and stiff with below average movement in space. Play speed is off. Shows no vertical speed to separate over the top relying only on size. Upright into breaks leading to rounded turns over crisp cuts. Fails to sell routes with fakes and speed variance. Maybe too aware of safeties when working the middle. Hard to spot a second gear and plays with very little separation quickness on any level of the field.
							
2016	Ben Braunecker	2555482	TE	Harvard	The last four players drafted from Harvard enjoyed at least some NFL success, from long-time starting center Matt Birk to special teams ace Isaiah Kacyvenski to veteran starting quarterback Ryan Fitzpatrick to the Ravens versatile fullback Kyle Juszczyk. Braunecker (and his teammate, offensive tackle Cole Toner) could be next on the draft list after an All-American (AP, Walter Camp, AFCA) senior season with the Crimson. The first team All-Ivy League selection caught 48 passes for 850 yards and eight touchdowns (including four 100-yard games in the last six weeks), easily outdistancing his production as a sophomore (9-91, one touchdown) and junior (11-227, one touchdown). 	Physical and mean as a blocker. Plays with good knee bend and hip explosion as in<U+613C><U+3E64>line blocker. Blocks to and thru the whistle and completely overwhelmed many of his opponents. Accelerates into routes with good push and is able to sink and cut with sharpness. Effective route adjustment against contact downfield. Understands how to use leverage to create space in his routes. Carries himself with some attitude.
								Was physically overwhelming much smaller players on the perimeter. Might not have anywhere near same success as a blocker against bigger, stronger opposition. Gets a little lazy with routes at times. Hands in traffic appear to be just average. Allows throws into his frame. Needs to do better job of settling into space and protecting throws with his frame. Game could use a little more finesse.
							
2016	Thomas Duarte	2555483	TE	UCLA	NFL scouts don't care one bit about the ethnicity of college football prospects; it's the ultimate color-blind evaluation because either guys can play, have the potential to become players in time, or just don?t have the necessary skill set. Duarte's growing up in a household with Mexican and Japanese influences give him a unique background, but scouting his outstanding skill set as a playmaking receiver is what interests general managers across the league. The four-star wide receiver recruit from successful Mater Dei High School (where his number was retired) jumped into the fray as a true freshman, playing in 13 games with four starts and garnering honorable mention All-Pac-12 (16-214, four TD). Duarte was picked as honorable mention all-conference selection again in 2014, leading the conference with an average 19.3 yards per reception from the tight end position (28-540, four TD). Joining forces with freshman phenom quarterback Josh Rosen last season, Duarte became a second-team all-conference pick by catching 10 touchdowns among his 53 catches that covered 872 yards (16.5 per). 	Glider. Able to create early defender leans with his route work. Has hips to swerve into change of direction creating separation inside red area and can sink into breaks and make razor<U+613C><U+3E64>-sharp cuts inside his routes. Has burst out of break points to uncover against safeties and slot corners. Able and willing to work the middle. Doesn?t scare easily.
								'Tweener size. Scouts worry he can?t get big enough to become matchup/move tight end. Routes can be disrupted by contact in space. Production bolstered by unguarded looks and catches on air. Didn't have to face dedicated coverage he'll see in pros. Needs to catch over corral. Disinterested as blocker.
							
2016	Dillon Gordon	2555484	TE	LSU	NA	Broad and powerful. Functions as an additional offensive tackle in LSU's offense. Called on to base block defensive ends. Has a mean streak on the field. Loves to get an aggressive finish to his blocks when he's able. Strikes upward blow out of stance and usually comes off ball with desired pad level. Has experience with combo blocks and has helped spring LSU's running game with second level blocking.
								Lost for the season with Achilles injury after just three games. Weight and conditioning are ongoing concern. Offers zero value as a pass <U+613C><U+3E64>catcher. Recorded just seven catches over 42 games at LSU. Blocks with inconsistent base width creating some balance deficiencies as a blocker. Gets upright and straight-legged as second level blocker and will miss moving targets. Doesn't have height to transition to tackle position. Was stabbed during involvement in a bar fight in January.
							
2016	David Grinnage	2555485	TE	N.C. State	Though his teammate, Jaylen Samuels, was the one garnering All-Conference mentions, Grinnage was a solid contributor for the Wolfpack the past three seasons. He started seven of 12 games played in his redshirt freshman season (15-150, one touchdown) and then earned 11 starts in his sophomore campaign, catching 27 passes for 358 yards while tying for the team lead with five touchdown receptions. Though he only started six times in 2015, Grinnage still played a role in quarterback Jacoby Brissett's offense, nabbing 25 catches for 290 yards and three scores.	Has size of an NFL tight end. Productive pass catcher as redshirt sophomore. Sacrificed personal stats for team goals with no complaints. Works to free himself into presentable position when quarterback scrambles. Showed improved focus at the catch<U+613C><U+3E64>-point this season. Able to adjust to low throws and peel them off the turn.
								Below average speed and athleticism on tape. Upright into breaks and was unable to uncover and open passing windows. Routes lack sharpness and opens to quarterback too gradually. Limited run skills after the catch. Wasn?t tasked with heavy lifting as a run blocker and may not be able to execute blocking responsibilities as "Y" tight end. Missed spring practices due to back issue.
							
2016	Temarrick Hemingway	2555486	TE	South Carolina St.	Hemingway is not your typical tight end prospect. But his frame, fluidity and pass-receiving ability make him an intriguing threat worth developing. Hemingway earned first-team All-MEAC honors in 2015 as the Bulldogs' second-leading receiver, making 38 receptions for 418 yards and one touchdown. This was not the first year that Hemingway was a major contributor in the passing game, as he put up decent numbers as a freshman (11-164, one TD), garnered third-team All-MEAC notice as a sophomore (26-223, four TD), and first-team accolades as a junior (18-257, one TD). 	Fluid, graceful gait with long, easy strides. Has short area movement like a basketball player. Nightmare matchup for linebackers with his whip routes and whip counters underneath. Has legitimate separation quickness. Raw, but moldable athlete. Gets off the snap and into his routes in a hurry. Can stop and open up with suddenness. Physical runner after the catch. Poor quarterback play slighted his true production potential.
								Has lean frame that screams wide receiver over tight end. Not close to possessing the play strength needed to block on NFL level. Head ducker into contact and allows hands to spray wide of defenders framework. Route work was extremely limited and will require extended work on next level. Hands are suspect. Had issues with double catches and scouts question toughness to secure throws with looming safety nearby.
							
2016	Beau Sandland	2555487	TE	Montana St.	This California native didn't get much play as a high school recruit, so he stayed in-state to play at two-year Pierce College. By the time he was wrapping up an all-conference season at Pierce (24-267, three TD), schools from all over the country were interested in his services. He chose to fly across the country to Miami, Florida, to follow in the footsteps of many top-rated tight ends. But after one season (9-94 receiving in 13 games), Sandland decided he would rather attend a school closer to his home environment. He sat out the 2014 season transferring to FCS program Montana State. With a year in the offense under his belt, Sandland's game took off in 2015, as he earned All-American honors from the Associated Press and first-team All-Big Sky notice with 37 catches for 632 yards and nine scores.  Even with just one good season at the junior college level and another for a FCS team, NFL scouts are intrigued enough with his skill set to make sure he was invited to the NFL Scouting Combine.	Athletic frame with good mass and room for more. Exceptional arm length and hand size for the position. Capable seam worker. Long strides in vertical routes can overtake squatting safeties. Able to separate out of breaks. Competitive, able runner after catch. Run blocking was a requirement. Has lateral footwork to become workable in<U+613C><U+3E64>line blocker for zone runs and has the experience and hand strength to get early block security.
								Slow to make route adjustments against contact. Relies on size and athleticism over crisp routes to overcome lesser competition. Inconsistent as run blocker. Base narrows causing lack of balance to sustain. Still learning to take proper angles up to the second level in run game. Played JUCO ball and then sparingly at Miami (Fla.) before transferring in 2014. Limited experience against high-end athletes.
							
2016	Caleb Benenoch	2555488	OT	UCLA	The son of two Nigerian ministers started his football career accidentally, and his mother thought she had signed him up for soccer when he was nine after they moved to Katy, Texas from Nigeria. Had she known how football-crazy their new home was, she probably would have known better. But it all worked out great for Benenoch, whose build is much better suited for the gridiron than the pitch. The Bruins convinced the four-star recruit to leave Texas for southern California, and rewarded him with immediate playing time. He started the last nine games of his true freshman season at right tackle, garnering second-team All-American notice and the team?s Rookie of the Year award on offense. Benenoch was named honorable mention All-Pac-12 as a sophomore, starting all 13 games at right tackle, and then proved invaluable in his versatility as a junior, starting nine times at tackle and four at guard. NFL teams will differ on whether his best fit is inside or outside at the next level, but either way his talent is worth an investment. 	Plays with good knee bend. Above average athlete with long arms. Has lateral quickness off the snap to put himself in position for difficult zone blocks. Able to get to backside cut<U+613C><U+3E64>off blocks when his angles are right. Has feet to mirror in space in pass protection. Aggressive worker with some recovery athleticism to work himself back into the play. Bumped inside to guard due to injury issues on team and handled his duties effectively.
								Has thin hips and lack of natural base. Lacks core strength and functional power to pin blocks to completion once he gains advantage. Way too much waist-bending as a tackle. Leans into pass rushers opening up balance concerns. Needs to bring hands back inside with his punch. Opens the gate early in pass pro and tends to overreact when shifting his weight to defend against bursts upfield or back inside.
							
2016	Joseph Cheek	2555489	OG	Texas A&M	Cheek is a legacy prospect for NFL scouts, as his father Louis played four years in the NFL with four teams after being chosen in the eighth round by the Miami Dolphins. Louis also played at A&M, winning three titles in the old Southwest Conference under famed coach Jackie Sherrill.  The younger Cheek grew into a starting spot at right guard over the course of the career. He redshirted in 2011, playing in every game on field goal/special teams units, and then played a reserve role in 2013 as Johnny Manziel ran all over the SEC. Cheek finally got his chance in 2014, playing in every game and starting nine at right guard, and then followed that up with a strong year as the full-time starter at the position as a senior.	Athletic guard asked to play in space and at a high rate of speed in Texas A&M's offense. Well-conditioned. Aware and ready against twists, passing blocks off and picking up the incoming. Has experience at both tackle and guard. Shows good timing to secure and climb with combo blocks. Plays with good body control in space and can find moving targets. Father played offensive tackle for four years in the NFL.
								Play strength is a concern. Plays with narrow base and gives ground against power. Contact balance is an issue. Struggles to sustain blocks and won't consistently secure as base-blocker. Is often late with his hands. More likely to catch rather than punch in pass protection. Likely relegated to zone scheme consideration only.
							
2016	Darrell Greene	2555490	OG	San Diego St.	This Georgia native had started 25 straight games at right guard for the Aztecs heading into the 2015 season and was poised to make a name for himself with NFL scouts. Greene made headlines for the wrong reason, however, as SDSU head coach Rocky Long suspended him along with four other players for six games after positive tests for marijuana. Contrite for his mistake, Greene came back to start the final seven games of the year, helping the team produce two 1000-yard rushers for the first time in school history. The 2014 honorable mention All-Mountain West selection will have to answer the same questions about the suspension again and again during the pre-draft process, but also has enough good tape to make teams take the time to consider his talent.	Thick ball of power. Has broad shoulders and and a lower body made for mashing. Able to generate early movement with initial punch and completes job with leg drive. Tape shows several plays where defenders are torqued to the ground by Greene?s tremendous power. Plays with a mean streak. Completely erases defenders with wash blocks and down blocks. Effective combo blocker with decent timing up to the linebacker. Has enough athleticism to be used as pulling guard. Works to mirror and stay engaged to pass rushers.
								Squatty with short arms. Upright lateral mover as zone blocker making cross-<U+613C><U+3E64>face blocks challenging. General flexibility in lower half may never be ideal. Iffy radar when asked to strike moving targets in space. In pass protection, can be a little slow to see twists at times and impatience causes him to lunge. Teams will dig deep into background after six-game suspension levied by NCAA due to positive drug test.
							
2016	Denver Kirkland	2555491	OT	Arkansas	Razorback running backs Alex Collins and Jonathan Williams received a fair amount of publicity for their efforts the past three years, but Kirkland's power up front helped lead the way for their consistent production. One of the top offensive line recruits in the country coming out of Miami, Kirkland chose the country life in Fayetteville. He was rewarded with eight games at guard and Freshman All-American honors in 2013. He started all 13 games at right guard the following year, and then moved to left tackle in 2015, starting 12 of 13 games played before deciding to leave Arkansas early to become an NFL prospect. 	Three-year starter. Massive, hulking frame. Good worker on gap plays climbing up to linebacker and securing the inside shoulder. Uses strong, short punch to the chest. Lands punch squarely and shows enough hand strength to sustain. Not a graceful athlete but able to find the best angles up to the second level. Tough guy willing to play hurt. Offers position and roster flexibility.
								Head dropper as run and pass blocker. Won't always see what he?s aiming at. Serial waist-<U+613C><U+3E64>bender. Pass pro punch comes with a forward lean tied to it. Can't sink his hips for anchor befitting his size. Doesn't have the skill or athleticism to protect quarterback as a tackle. Top heavy frame an even greater issue with his poor weight displacement. Too content to stalemate rather than win his rep. Won't generate much push as run blocker. Tall and stiff as space blocker.
							
2016	Tyler Marz	2555492	OT	Wisconsin	Wisconsin's starting left tackle the past three seasons, Marz was given honorable mention All-Big Ten notice in 2013 and 2014, and third-team recognition in his senior season due to his strength and footwork in the run game. He started 40 straight games for the Badgers, showing great durability and consistency while leading the way for running backs like 2015 first-round pick Melvin Gordon and giving quarterback Joel Stave enough time to make plays. 	Three-year starter. Shoots his punch with decent timing and placement. Scans for blitz possibilities and processes post snap movements quickly to assess his task. Not the quickest pass sets, but finds his way in front of rusher. Looks for work down the field.
								Plays with little knee bend and his upright pass sets get him knocked back into the pocket by even average bull rushes. Consistent leaner who struggles to sustain and secure without falling off blocks. Doesn't possess athletic qualities to climb and get cut<U+613C><U+3E64>off blocks. Issues with core strength and bend will always plague contact balance.
							
2016	Alex Redmond	2555493	OG	UCLA	Redmond's career with the Bruins started off strong, but didn't end as well as maybe he had hoped. A four-star high school recruit who also excelled as a wrestler, he forced his way onto the field as a true freshman. He started all 13 games at right guard, winning Freshman All-American, honorable mention All-Conference, and team Rookie of the Year honors. Redmond started eight games at guard in 2014, again named honorable mention All-Pac-12, but losing some playing time with a leg injury and failing to immediately regain his spot when healthy due to the play of his replacement. To finish his career with the Bruins, he played in 12 games, starting 10 inside, but missed the team's bowl game after being declared academically ineligible.	Fluid and athletic out of his stance. Moves well in space and is able to block angles as a pulling guard that many guards can't. Instinctive and intelligent on the field. Sifts through moving bodies and can adjust his block targets accordingly. Anticipates twists and responds to them with well-<U+613C><U+3E64>timed passing of first block. Plays with quiet, tight punch inside defender's frame and can crank some jolt into it when he wants.
								Linear frame missing the girth of an NFL guard. Play strength and functional power will be his biggest challenge as a pro. Must find training table and weight room. On run plays, weight gets too far out over his feet causing him to whiff against a sidestep. Base gets too narrow in run and pass games. Loses leverage in space when pad level rises. Might not have the anchor drop necessary to brace up against NFL bull rushers.
							
2016	Dominique Robertson	2555494	OT	West Georgia	Robertson has gone from junior college to major college football to Division II over the past three years, but scouts saw enough of his talent in those places to make sure he was invited to the 2016 Scouting Combine. He was named first-team All-Gulf South and was mentioned on multiple Division II All-American teams after a successful season at left tackle with the Wolves, with the team advancing to the national semi-finals. Robertson played one season at Texas Tech, but only managed to get on the field for four games, at part due to a concussion. Tech won a recruiting battle to get him out of Riverside Community College, where he was an all-conference performer in 2013. 	Broad frame with proportional thickness. Protracted arm length. Candidate to bump inside and has the hip explosion and leg drive to give it a go. Extremely athletic for his size with plus lateral foot quickness and the ability to get to reach blocks. Keeps head out of pass sets and shows almost no waist-<U+613C><U+3E64>bending.
								Dwarfed many of the defensive ends he faced. Faced a lack of quality pass rushers and power players to give him needed competition. Catches rather than punches. Hands drift a little wide. The good initial bend turns into straight-legged pass blocking at contact. Anchor might be an issue.
							
2016	Isaac Seumalo	2555495	OG	Oregon St.	It's a family affair at Oregon State for the Seumalos. Isaac's brother, Andrew, was a captain at defensive tackle for the Beavers and was a graduate assistant coach. His father, Joe, was the defensive line coach (but has since moved on to BYU), and his sister, Jessi, plays volleyball in Corvallis. Isaac was the most highly recruited of any of them, rated as a top five guard prospect nationally out of high school. It was no surprise, therefore, that he suited up in the middle as a true freshman, earning honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors and multiple Freshman All-American nods. He showed versatility in 2013, garnering second team All-Pac-12 recognition for starting 10 games at center and two at right tackle due to injuries at that position. Unfortunately, Seumalo suffered a broken foot in the 2013 Hawai'i Bowl, which needed multiple surgeries to correct. He missed the entire 2014 season, although he still was named a team captain. Finishing off his career, Seumalo started all 12 games in 2015, nine at right guard, three at left tackle, meaning that he has started in four of the five spots on the line.  	Quick feet and plays with above average lateral movement. Well<U+613C><U+3E64>-schooled with technician's understanding of footwork and angles to secure reach blocks and wall defenders out of the running lane. Patient blocker waiting for his feet to settle into place before engaging. Operates with a centered, sure base and reliable core strength. Has experience at center, right guard and both tackle spots. Unselfish and does what is asked of him. Pass sets look like a tackle's with desired knee bend, flat back and arm extension.
								Frame could use more mass. Base narrows as drive blocker causing occasional bouts with body control and balance. Doesn't appear to have punch-and-snatch hands. Looks like he's got block secured and then loses grip and allows his defender into the play. Defender's hands often first into the framework. Hands need to work faster. Missed 2014 due to complications from injury suffered in 2013 Hawaii Bowl.
							
2016	Pearce Slater	2555496	OT	San Diego St.	A mountain of a man, Slater played two years at El Camino College coming out of high school. Though he wasn't considered a high-level Juco prospect after his time there, Slater made a great impact in San Diego. He used his length and strength to step into a starting role at right tackle for the Aztecs in 2014, lining up for all 13 contests. Mountain West coaches recognized his play last fall, naming him first-team all-conference for his work at right tackle in all 14 games on SDSU's schedule. Slater hopes his success over the past two seasons results in a mid-round draft selection, like it did former teammate Terry Poole, who was a fourth-round pick by Seattle in 2015.	Mountain of a man who can block out the sun on day games. Not a dancing bear, but has lighter feet than expected. Long arms to get into defensive ends first. Tough to get a quick disengage when he's snatched and locked. Despite athletic disadvantages, works hard to sustain backside zone blocks by running his feet. Few issues climbing up to seal MIKE linebacker in run game.
								Upright and stiff in his kick<U+613C><U+3E64> slide. Asking him to protect an NFL quarterback could be reckless. Allowed 4.5 sacks and eight quarterback knockdowns. Charged with five holding penalties in 2015. Doesn't possess enough lateral quickness to successfully execute many reach blocks no matter how basic the angle. Not a natural knee-bender and might lack flexibility to bump inside successfully. Plays with a narrow base as drive blocker.
							
2016	Avery Young	2555497	OT	Auburn	When Young enters the NFL, he'll find some familiar faces waiting to greet him. He is the younger brother of NFL defensive end Willie Young, and the cousin of Carolina Panthers Pro Bowl linebacker Thomas Davis. Not that he can't make his own way in the league, as the former top 10 offensive tackle national recruit earned his starting job at right tackle as a true freshman in 2012, although shoulder surgery put him on the shelf after three games, causing him to take a medical redshirt year. In 2013, Young began the season as a backup before starting the final nine games at right tackle when full healthy. Coaches moved him around quite a bit in his sophomore campaign, as he started at right guard the first four games due to injuries on the line, then moved to left guard for one game, then to right tackle for seven contests, before heading back to left guard for the Outback Bowl. In his final season on the plains, Young finished strong by starting all but one game (Jacksonville State, ankle) at right tackle.	Big bubble rear that he can sink to help him anchor when being bull<U+613C><U+3E64> rushed. Has starting experience at both guard spots and right tackle. Shows some lightness of feet. Capable and effective in short-pull situations as guard. Does a decent job of working feet into position to help secure his block. Athletic enough to operate at guard or tackle as zone blocker.
								Has habit of ducking head into blocks. Struggles with changing direction against inside moves. Opens post leg and leans into redirect block rather than stepping back inside to slam the door shut. Balance and body control are below average. Doesn't have agility to gain enough ground with kick slides against edge rushers as tackle. Punch is sluggish and hands too wide. Gives away chest too often.
							
2016	Mehdi Abdesmad	2555498	DE	Boston College	NFL scouts weren't the only ones impressed with the play of Mehdi Abdesmad (meh-DEE ab-des-MAHD) during the 2015 season. The Canadian Football League's Scouting Bureau ranked him the fourth-best Canadian-born prospect in their list released in December 2015. Abdesmad's play as a senior was good enough to earn honorable mention All-ACC notice from league coaches (49 tackles, 15 for loss, 5.5 sacks), but it was especially impressive given his battle with injuries the previous two years. He played a total of seven games, with five starts, (21 tackles, 3.5 for loss, two sacks) over the 2013 and 2014 seasons due to problems with his left knee. He had made a positive impression in his first two years on campus, playing in eight games (missed the final three due to injury) in 2011 and starting eight games in 2012 (25 tackles, three for loss).	Has imposing size from the end position. When he gets hands on blockers first, can drive them off the ball and make stops right at the line of scrimmage or behind it. Decent finisher once he gets ahead of an offensive lineman. Has shoulder turn and upper body flexibility to help turn corner as a rusher. Upper body strength is there. Able to play the game on his feet. Rarely stalls as rusher continuing to move his feet looking to improve positioning.
								High-cut, top-heavy frame. Played just seven games over 2013 and 2014 campaigns thanks to consecutive season<U+613C><U+3E64>-ending knee injuries in each season. Sloppy and basic with hands. Allows blockers into his framework first and doesn't control the point of attack with strong punch and struggles to win the hand game as pass rusher. Pops straight up off the snap. Pursuit motor doesn't carry enough gas for the long haul. Has no pass rush plan, just a swim move that is countered too easily.
							
2016	Sterling Bailey	2555499	DE	Georgia	Although Bailey didn't put up statistics that you would expect from a top 10 defensive end recruit out of high school, he was a solid player and good leader for the Bulldogs the past couple of seasons. He capped his time in Athens by winning a Coaches' Leadership Award as a 10-game starter (46 tackles, two for loss, sack). Bailey had also been a regular starter as a redshirt sophomore (eight starts, 34 tackles, sack) before going to a reserve role in 2014 (27 stops, half-sack). Despite his lack of production, NFL teams saw enough of his strength on the edge that they invited him to participate in the NFL Scouting Combine. 	Tough guy with impressive power at the point of attack. Plays with excellent technique. Has powerful legs and hands and gets plus arm extension to set the strong edge. Terrific feel for double teams anchoring his back leg like a door jamb to maintain his gap. Rarely beaten in the leverage game. Strikes, lifts and snaps hips at battle point. Leader on the defensive side of the ball. Played up and down the defensive line this season.
								Slow-twitch edge defender. Lacks explosiveness off the snap to penetrate and disrupt and is too slow and stiff to consistently range beyond the box to make takes. Marginal pass rusher relying on force over skill. Got home with just 2.5 sacks total while at Georgia. Tough but lacking optimal bulk to handle full-time interior work as a pro.
							
2016	Jimmy Bean	2555500	DE	Oklahoma St.	It's easy to be overlooked when playing across the way from All-American defensive end Emmanuel Ogbah, but NFL scouts liked what they saw in Bean throughout the last three years. His 2013 effort (34 tackles, 9.5 for loss, 4.5 sacks) was especially impressive coming off a redshirt season for a dislocated knee. In 2014, he again started all 13 games, racking up 42 tackles, six for loss, 3.5 sacks, and three forced fumbles. Bean was on the way to his best year as a senior, making 25 stops, 10.5 for loss, and 5.5 sacks in just the first eight games of 2015, but unfortunately, he missed the rest of the year with a torn ACL. Adding injury to the insult of being overlooked will probably hurt his draft status, but a patient team could find a real deal a year down the road.	Long, angular frame. Very reliable, rangy tackler. Has decent lateral quickness to chase perimeter runs. Bodies up and wraps up and can launch into successful finish while on the move. Allowed no broken tackles over the last three years. Uses spin move to disengage from blockers and as his inside rush move counter. Played with adequate quickness for T/E twists. Finished with 5.5 sacks in 2015.
								Lacks the twitch and get <U+613C><U+3E64>off to climb the edge as pass rusher. Showed no consistent transition of speed-to-power from the edge. Below average awareness. Eyes don't see beyond line of scrimmage and failed to see play development quickly enough. Gave in too easily against smaller blockers. Tries to take on with lead shoulder rather than powerful hand usage. Lacking pass rush plan and consistent play speed.
							
2016	LaMichael Fanning	2555501	DE	Jacksonville St.	NA	Has the physical dimensions and build of an early round pick. Power forward size with even better lower body thickness. Plus athleticism and movement skills. Has footwork and flexibility to elude blockers with sudden, arm-<U+613C><U+3E64>over moves. Played standing and with a hand down. Tackle radius is vast and can recover from outside back inside to make the tackle.
								Missed most of 2015 with an ACL tear. Never cracked the rotation at Alabama and was unable to dominate a lower level of competition in 2014. Hands are a wasted, potential weapon. Plays with poor instincts and loses track of the ball more than he should. Considered by scouts to be a low-character player with excessive baggage.
							
2016	Adam Gotsis	2555502	DT	Georgia Tech	Though he spent more time playing Australian Rules football than American football growing up in Melbourne, Gotsis was a quick learner. He starred for a local club team before heading to Atlanta, and then played well as a true freshman against ACC competition. The 2014 consensus second-team all-conference pick is still raw, and played out of position as an interior lineman for Tech's defense considering his lack of bulk. He garnered 2015 third-team All-ACC accolades with 31 tackles, five for loss, and three sacks in nine games, but saw his season cut short with a November knee injury suffered against Virginia. 	Broad<U+613C><U+3E64>-shouldered, sturdy frame with long arms and big hands. Plays with power at point of attack despite lack of desired weight for interior. Comes off snap with decent pad level. Powerful base and can anchor up against double teams and fight through redirect blocks. Team captain. Can run with athletic gait. Heavy tackler using blunt force and an aggressive finish.
								Average processing to read and react. Has little juice as a pass rusher and was unable to generate consistent pocket pressure during his time at Georgia Tech. Suffered season-ending knee injury on Oct. 31. Square-framed two-gapper lacking the quickness to win in gaps and make plays on other side of the line.
							
2016	Joel Heath	2555503	DT	Michigan St.	Heath was seeing very little playing time with the Spartans despite a sparkling high school resume in Ohio, so it was decided he needed to move positions to have more of an impact. After playing 15 games in his first two years on the team, recording no tackles, Heath added 30 pounds to move from defensive end to defensive tackle. The growth resulted in a lean but strong interior frame which led to a starting role in 12 of 13 games played in 2014 (29 tackles, four for loss, 3.5 sacks). Heath set career highs in his second year as a starter last fall, collecting 31 stops, 5.5 for losses (including two sacks) and being named honorable mention All-Big Ten by league media.  Heath already has plans for life after football, as he's marrying his girlfriend in the spring, with star defensive end Shilique Calhoun given best man duties.	Worker bee who keeps grinding until the whistle blows. Plays with the motor and strength to find out single blocks and maintains quality pad level against double teams. Fights through engagement and will give chase down the line after ball carrier. Recently married. Highly devout leader on defensive line. Tall defender with potential to play in odd and even fronts.
								Very average body control. Has issues maintaining his base against down blocks and core strength appears just average. Converted from defensive end and play strength isn't quite there yet. Doesn't generate the pocket push or overall pressure to play on third downs. More consumed with blocker in front of him and will miss runner darting through his gap.
							
2016	Branden Jackson	2555504	DE	Texas Tech	Jackson absolutely looks the part of an NFL defensive end/rush linebacker, but like many Tech defenders, was underrated due to Tech's middling success and the program's reputation for offensive prowess. As a redshirt freshman, he played in all 13 games as a reserve (19 tackles, one forced fumble) and then gave a glimpse of his talent while starting every game in 2013 (44 tackles, nine for loss, four sacks). Jackson started 12 games as a junior, producing well (44 stops, 10.5 for loss, five sacks) but failing to receive All-Big 12 recognition for his efforts. His numbers dropped off a bit in 2015 (31 tackles, 4.5 for loss, two sacks), but his potential made him an easy invite to the 2016 NFL Scouting Combine.	Long legs with frame to continue adding muscle. Has good length with big hands. Former linebacker who has maintained his athleticism despite added weight during time at Tech. Pretty good upfield get<U+613C><U+3E64>-off as pass rusher from the edge. Flashes some penetration traits. Has additional closing gear when he has quarterback in his sights. Able to battle for the edge against much bigger opponents.
								Tweener lacking bulk inside and juice of an edge player. Doesn?t generate enough natural power to displace blockers. Gets into protracted battles with tight ends rather than manhandling them. Coasts on too many plays. Needs greater sense of urgency from play to play. Gets near the ball, but doesn't convert. Lack of desired balance and body control lead to missed tackles. Lacks consistent pass rush ability.
							
2016	Matt Judon	2555505	DE	Grand Valley St.	This Michigan native earned just about every honor he could for his play in 2015. He won the Gene Upshaw Trophy as Division II's top lineman and was named the Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference's (GLIAC) Defensive Lineman of the Year and Associated Press Little All-American squad. He led all of college football with 20 sacks among his 23.5 tackles for loss, made 81 total tackles and forced three fumbles. Judon showed promise beating D2 tackles off the edge with length and speed as a junior, as well, winning first team All-GLIAC honors with 19 tackles for loss, 8.5 sacks, and four forced fumbles. All of this success came after losing four games in the middle of the 2012 season (seven TFL, 3.5 sacks) and all but the first seven plays of the 2013 season with injuries.  	Massive production after pulverizing his competition this year. Finished with 20 sacks, 23.5 tackles for loss, three forced fumbles and three fumble recoveries. Chiseled body with natural power baked into his compact frame and exceptionally long arms. Was too powerful for many of the tackles he faced. Rushes passer with a plan. Uses rip moves around the edge and ties an inside counter with it. Keeps track to the quarterback tight along the arc. Has inside club move to clear up space.
								Square shouldered rusher who can be run up and around the quarterback by tackles with decent feet and strength. Will miss out on some finishes due to some lower body stiffness. Cruises along without making proper use of hands. Level of competition along offensive line is substantially lower than what he will see in pros. Tore an ACL two years ago and missed East-West Shrine Game invitation due to "tweaked meniscus."
							
2016	Ufomba Kamalu	2555506	DE	Miami	Kamalu came to the United States as a freshman in high school without a mastery of the English language, so he lacked real recruiting hype because of his issues trying to succeed academically. Once given the opportunity to play at Butler Community College in 2012, however, he proved athletic and strong enough (54 tackles, 7.5 sacks, three forced fumbles) to get a chance at major college football. Kamalu saw the field a fair amount in his first two years in Coral Gables, playing nine games in 2013 (13 tackles, 3.5 sacks) and then starting two of 13 games played as a junior (34 stops, 3.5 sacks). Miami coaches stuck him in the starting lineup nine times in 2015, watching him rack up 47 tackles, four for loss, and one interception.	Tall with wide hips and a frame to carry more mass. Played all along the defensive line and can fit in even or odd fronts. Plays with some bend at the point of attack striking an upward blow. Notable arm length and consistent arm extension allows him to control his turf as 2-<U+613C><U+3E64>gapper and shed when ready. Flashes a physical demeanor. Has strength and toughness to constrict rushing lanes and create congestion. Had a solid week of practice at the NFLPA game.
								Slow twitch defender. Devoid of initial explosion off the snap and into the neutral zone. Might not have the traits to ever be a disruptive player. When playing laterally, pad level rises creating contact balance trouble. Lacks pursuit quickness and has limited range of effectiveness against the run. Uninspired as pass rusher. Unable to attack the edge as pass rusher and generates nominal pocket push as bull rusher.
							
2016	Darius Latham	2555507	DT	Indiana	Latham is a product of Indianapolis' North Central High School, where he starred as a football and basketball player, and decided to sign on with his home state team despite being a top 20 defensive tackle recruit nationally. The team made room for their prized recruit on the field immediately, as he played in all 12 games as a regular in the rotation (22 tackles, three for loss, two sacks, three pass break-ups). Latham made some plays in his sophomore year (10 starts, 26 tackles, 5.5 for loss, 1.5 sacks) but turned up his game a bit in his junior year. He garnered honorable mention All-Big Ten honors after making 33 tackles, 10 for loss, and four sacks during 2015. However, NFL scouts evaluating the early entrant will take heed that Latham was twice suspended for one game due to violating team rules.	Sports broad shoulders and and NFL mass. Specializes in hand to hand combat at the point of attack. Uses his jarring upper body power to dislodge blockers from their spot on his way to the ball. Uses size and strength to create gap disruption. Hands are quick and violent using them to club, slap and shove to keep linemen off of him. Raw, but has some rush to him. Has feet to get to the guard?s edge as a pass rusher and can generate instant pocket push against anchor-deficient blockers.
								Plays hard but lacks proper conditioning. Might not have enough power in his lowers to sit down and own both gaps. Will go along with wash down blocks rather than battling through it. Body control needs to improve. Consistency at the point of attack can improve with better bend. Personal character has scouts concerned. Was suspended twice for "undisclosed violations" forcing him to miss three games. Flagged eight times for 90 yards including three 15<U+613C><U+3E64>-yard penalties.
							
2016	Nile Lawrence-Stample	2555508	DT	Florida St.	Lawrence-Stample is a run-stuffer, pure and simple. The nose tackle eats double teams for breakfast, lunch and dinner. If single-blocked, however, Lawrence-Stample can find the ball and has the short-area quickness to make the play, so NFL teams looking for a pure nose tackle could be interested. A pectoral injury limited him to four games in 2014, although he came back for the team's Rose Bowl appearance against Oregon (blocking an extra point). A healthy 2015 season, where he played in all 13 games and earned first-team All-ACC honors (36 tackles, 3.5 for loss, two sacks), gave NFL scouts something to consider when reviewing interior defenders.	Stubby, but stout lower body. Decent lateral movement and is a willing chaser down the line. Has quickness off the snap to attack a gap and stress the edge. Better as aggressive upfield player than read-<U+613C><U+3E64>and-react two-gapper. Very good vision into backfield and keeps running back locked in.
								Phone booth worker with limited play range. Inconsistent get-off after snap. Would like to see him become more aggressive with his punch and control technique when two-gapping. Average body control. Not much of a pass rusher.
							
2016	Chris Mayes	2555509	DT	Georgia	Mayes didn't play football until his junior year of high school, but it didn't take long for recruiters to see that growing frame and recognize his potential. He committed to Georgia, but started his collegiate career at Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College, playing one season (17 tackles) and redshirting the next to get his academic house in order. Mayes made it to Georgia for the 2013 season and stepped into a regular role (eight starts, 31 tackles, sack, two pass breakups). He was limited to a backup role as a junior, however, playing in just eight games and making seven tackles (one for loss). Mayes found his groove in 2015, becoming the full-time starting nose guard and making 41 stops (one for loss) while eating space inside.	Wide frame with body that could handle a little more mass if needed. Shows some ability to unhinge from blocks and make tackles. Runners rarely escape from his clutches once he gets into them allowing just one broken tackle and no missed tackles. Able to beat a single block with upper body strength.
								Very average athlete. Inconsistent contact balance when forced to move. Doesn't play with anchor expected from a nose. Can be moved by double teams and quality down-<U+613C><U+3E64>blocks. Gets too caught up with the fight in front of him rather than finding the ball. No threat as pass rusher with just one career sack. Will be a 25-year-old rookie in September.
							
2016	Alex McCalister	2555510	DE	Florida	McCalister's career did not go as he planned as a four-star recruit and all-state pick from North Carolina. He redshirted his first year with the Gators, earning Defensive Scout Player of the Week multiple times during the season. In 2013, he made only three tackles in six games due to injury. When finally given a chance to get into the defensive line rotation as a sophomore, McCalister finished second on the team with six sacks among his nine tackles for loss (2.5 against LSU). He tied for the team lead with 6.5 sacks in 2015, even though he only played in nine games due to injury, missing the final three regular season contests with a foot injury and earning his second suspension of the year before the bowl game for violating team rules. McCalister was actually dismissed from the team at the end of the year, causing him to declare himself an early entrant for the 2016 NFL Draft.	Looks like a bigger version of Leonard Floyd. Has rare length and range to defend both the quarterback and running back against zone read. Ridiculous ground coverage over first three steps. Able to drop, dip and accelerate around the edge like it's an embankment. Features upfield burst and springy hips that are waiting to be unlocked and unleashed. Will flash a "whoa!" spin move that he's still learning to harness. Shows ability to long-<U+613C><U+3E64>arm tackles back into the pocket.
								Was dismissed from the team late in the year. Rushes with no discernible plan or workable counter moves. Can't hold his water versus the run. Instincts are lacking. Doesn't use long levers as effectively as he could. Frame nowhere near thick enough. Has to work overtime to try and keep weight on. Suffered a foot injury in November of this season.
							
2016	Giorgio Newberry	2555511	DE	Florida St.	When a recruit signs to play defensive end at Florida State, they'd better know that the competition for playing time will be tough. Even though Newberry was a four-star recruit, he found this lesson out the hard way. He struggled to get on the field in his redshirt freshman (13 tackles), sophomore, and junior seasons (two stops), even switching over to a blocking tight end spot during the 2013 season. His only start in a Seminole uniform came in a two-tight end set. Newberry served as the up-back on punt coverage teams, as well, during his career. Under new defensive end coach Brad Lawing, Newberry revitalized his game, making 21 stops, three for loss and two sacks as a more regular part of the defensive line rotation and earning an invite to the NFL Scouting Combine. 	Long and angular build with more room for mass if he hits the weights. Active hands in the passing lane. Credited with six passes defensed this season. Has foot quickness to potentially threaten in twists game. Raw, but moldable.
								Doesn't have a position. Was moved from defensive end to tackle to tight end back to tackle. Not enough juice to rush from edge and not enough strength play inside. High cut with thick legs. Work ethic has been an issue in the past. Has very limited playing time over his career and little production.
							
2016	Drew Ott	2555512	DE	Iowa	The former Nebraska Gatorade High School Player of the Year and Parade All-American was a productive strong-side end for the Hawkeyes who garnered second-team All-Big Ten honors from the media in 2014 after leading his team in tackles for loss (12) and sacks (7.5). He had showed promise in his sophomore season, as well, starting 12 games and making 50 tackles (6.5 for loss, 2.5 sacks) His senior year, however, did not go according to plan as two injuries (dislocated left elbow, torn right ACL) limited him to six games (though he had 7.5 tackles for loss and five sacks in that limited time). Ott enjoys eating raw eggs, shell and all. He applied for a medical redshirt, but the decision was not yet determined before receiving his scouting combine invitation.	Motor never turns off and creates wins for him. Shows desired awareness and play recognition for the position. Knee bender who rarely sees his pad level rise above that of his competition. Plays from consistent leveraged position. Has enough size and toughness to set an acceptable edge. Hand work is a plus against the run. Forced three fumbles with limited playing time due to injury.
								Has below average lateral agility and overall range. Doesn't have the quickness to consistently avoid reach blocks from athletic tackles. Missing juice upfield to threaten the edge. Try hard pass rusher, but lacking NFL skills and talent. Can get initial push from his bull rush, but it dies there. Tore ACL midseason.
							
2016	D.J. Pettway	2555513	DE	Alabama	Pettway's collegiate journey has been rocky, but in the end he survived his own mistakes to become part of a national champion. A four-star recruit, Pettway redshirted his first season in Tuscaloosa and earned Freshman All-SEC notice from league coaches in 2013 after contributing in 13 games as a reserve (eight tackles, four for loss, 2.5 sacks). In February of 2013, things turned for the worse after he was charged with second degree robbery, being one of four players to attack two students to use their credit cards to buy food. The charges against Pettway were eventually dropped, and after a season at East Mississippi Community College (where he had 18.5 tackles for loss, 11.5 sacks, and won a national title), he was allowed to return. He received the only start of his Alabama career in 2014, but played a fair amount in the rotation (23 tackles, three for loss, two sacks). Pettway contributed again in the Tide's championship season last fall, making 18 stops, five for loss and two sacks in 15 games played.	Attacks opponent across from him like a sled drill with low pad level and an upward striking blow. Able to convert speed to power and crank up a bull <U+613C><U+3E64>rush with a leveraged, jarring punch. Plays with good awareness and reads play-action and zone reads quickly. Shows good lateral scoot to close down the line. Has power in his hands to punch and control the edge. Able to help squeeze running lanes and force runners to spill it wide.
								Lacks desired height as defensive end and arm length falls below the drafted norm. Power offset by lack of athleticism. Edge presence missing from his pass rush. Scouts concerned about his natural fit as on the field. Caught up in exceptionally deep defensive line rotation and failed build resume built on production. Character must be vetted.
							
2016	Hassan Ridgeway	2555514	DT	Texas	Ridgeway moved from California to Texas when he was 14 and, given the fervor that the Lone Star State tackle has for the gridiron, he found himself suiting up for Friday Night Lights not playing up to that point in his life. It didn't take long for his athleticism to shine, as he earned all-state honors and became a coveted recruit who stayed in-state. Ridgeway redshirted in 2012, then played 12 games as a reserve the following year (13 tackles, one for loss).  He started getting after it as a sophomore, starting the final 10 games, making 43 stops and ranking among the team leaders in tackles for loss (11) and sacks (six). Ridgeway lost some time to injuries last fall, starting eight of the 11 games in which he played. He still received honorable mention All-Big 12 notice, however, with 36 tackles, 6.5 for loss, and 3.5 sacks.	Dense, powerful lower half combined with burly upper body. Snap experience at multiple spots along the line. Explodes out of stance and into his downhill charge. Striking athletic ability for a big. Has some change of direction twitch. Sets hard edge with good punch and arm extension to deny blocker's intentions. Grows roots against double teams and fights hard for his spot. Defeats most single blocks. Has play power to step through a blocker's edges with little trouble. Plays with good recognition and quick discard capability to snap down on tackle opportunities. Talented interior pass rusher. Uses coordinated attack with violent active hands and nimble feet. Flashes power to push and quickness to disrupt.
								Conditioning has been an issue in the past. Plays hard, but gasses so may need plenty of rotational help. Despite athleticism, range as playmaker is a little limited. Will momentarily lose track of the ball when trying to impose his will on blocker in front of him. Stops flowing outside with play when looking back inside looking to make a play. Hounded by nagging injuries for much of the year. Was hindered by a back issue that arose before the season and then a shoulder injury later. Production didn?t always match the talent on the tape.
							
2016	DeVaunte Sigler	2555515	DT	Jacksonville St.	Sigler's dismissal from Auburn for violating team rules after his sophomore year could have been the end of his career, especially since he didn't play at all in 2013. He worked as a brick mason that year, vowing to make things right for his young daughter. Sigler made the most of his second chance, getting his grades in order and tearing up the Ohio Valley Conference as the league's Defensive Player of the Year in 2014. He also earned second-team FCS All-American honors from the Associated Press after accumulating 36 tackles, nine for loss, 3.5 sacks, an interception and two forced fumbles.  Sigler had a setback in his final year on campus, as injuries robbed him of multiple games.  Yet, he still was named second-team All-Ohio Valley Conference by making 32 tackles, 2.5 for loss, two sacks and four pass breakups in ten games.	Good feel for double teams. Will widen base and drop his anchor when facing the double. Aggressive twister as pass rusher. Looks to cave in blocker when he's the first man in on a twist. Has good upfield burst as pass rusher and plays with a good motor pursuing plays up and down the field until he hears the whistle.
								Had some issues dealing with the power of Auburn's Shon Coleman in the run game. Must work to stay lower rather than give blockers access under his pads. Must learn to play with his hands earlier in the rep. Gets dislodged before he looks to shed rather than punching and controlling. Pass rush consists of just bull rushes. Missed a good portion of 2015 with injuries. Dismissed from Auburn for undisclosed violations.
							
2016	Ron Thompson	2555516	DE	Syracuse	It is possible Thompson would have entered the 2016 NFL Draft even if Orange head coach Scott Shafer was kept on. Since Dino Babers was hired, Thompson decided there would be too much change involved, so he decided to move on to the next level. Former Orange defensive end Chandler Jones blazed a trail for Thompson four years ago, leaving school a year early and winding up a first-round pick. Thompson might not garner that sort of grade, but he did well enough in his final collegiate season to pique the interest of scouts. He received third-team All-ACC honors from league coaches with 35 tackles, 9.5 for loss, seven sacks, and four forced fumbles. Thompson showed promise as a pass rusher in 2013 (20 tackles, 4.5 for loss, two sacks) and 2014, when he started all 12 games and making 32 tackles, seven for loss, and three sacks. 	Former high school tight end and basketball player with fluid footwork. Has lateral quickness and closing burst to to chase and finish. Can dial up dangerous inside spin move from either end spot as rusher. Rushes with forward lean creating momentum towards quarterback when he defeats blocker?s punch. Aware and intelligent. Recognizes play progression. Knee-<U+613C><U+3E64>bender who can sink and spring laterally into tackles. Forced six fumbles over last two seasons. Can drop easily into space and squeezes coverage responsibilities. Scheme flexible as end or outside backer. Looks to get hands into passing lane.
								Despite athleticism, tackle production lower than expected. Needs to become better finisher as tackler. Half-strider with average edge speed and burst. Will rely heavily on hands as a rusher over speed and length. Can be a step late to close down backside cutback lanes. Needs to incorporate more violent, physical hand usage to go with his finesse hand work. Could use more aggression to set hard edge against run.
							
2016	Vincent Valentine	2555517	DT	Nebraska	Valentine's career showed real promise at times, yet was marked by inconsistency and injury. He played in all 13 games as a redshirt freshman in 2013, getting a starting call six times (the first four, and the final two) in order to make 21 tackles, five for loss and a sack. In the Illinois high school all-state pick?s sophomore season, it looked like the consistency was coming as he started 11 times, recording 45 stops, seven for loss, and three sacks in the middle. A knee injury slowed him down during his fourth and final year on campus, limiting him to seven starts, 10 tackles, four for loss, and three sacks. Instead of returning to school to prove himself to scouts, Valentine chose to leave early for the NFL with his diploma in hand.	Burly calves and and thick legs that look like sacks of grain. Proper study requires viewing of 2014 tape when he was healthy. Can sit down and live in his space. Has power to thrash undersized centers right out of the picture. Able to eat up double teams and road<U+613C><U+3E64>block his run fit when he's on his game. Reactive quickness to turn and snap onto running backs attempting to dart past him. Finished with more career sacks than teammate Maliek Collins. 
								Carries excessive weight in the middle and lacks desired lean muscle mass for his frame. Could get more from his power with proper hand usage. Scouts question effort level in 2015. Slammed by insiders for a lack of conditioning and practice habits. Missed extensive time due to high ankle sprain.
							
2016	Antwaun Woods	2555518	DT	USC	Googling the phrase "low center of gravity" should bring up a picture of Woods. It took him three years to become a full-time starter for the Trojans, redshirting in 2011 and going in and out of the lineup as a freshman (four starts, 16 tackles, 4.5 for loss, three sacks) and sophomore (six starts, 19 tackles, two for loss, one sack). Woods earned a larger role in 2014, starting 10 times and making 37 tackles and a sack, but he missed the Holiday Bowl after tearing a pectoral muscle during practice. Things finally came together for Woods in his first-team All-Conference senior season (41 stops, seven for loss, three sacks), giving scouts enough tape to see he could be the "immovable object" to halt the "unstoppable forces" known as NFL running backs. 	Feet are never at rest and constantly working to find optimal positioning. Good motor and willing worker through the whistle. Hustles hard. Played at more impactful level against the run this year over last. Surprising foot quickness and short area aptitude. Pursues hard down the line against the run. Has power in his hands and uses heavy club move as pass rusher.
								Squatty with a thick midsection and short limbs. Offensive linemen with length give him issues. Plays upright and his lack of leverage could lead to issues against NFL power and double teams. Will drop head and lose track of where blocks are coming from. Needs to add an element of penetration to his game. Not a natural pocket pusher.
							
2016	Dominique Alexander	2555519	ILB	Oklahoma	Football is a family affair for the Alexanders. His father, Derrick, Sr., played at Oklahoma State and his brother, Derrick, Jr., is also heading toward an NFL career after excelling as a defensive lineman at Tulsa. Alexander's natural football acumen shone through in his first year with the Sooners, winning the Big 12 Defensive Freshman of the Year by starting the final eight games, making 80 tackles, 3.5 for loss, and forcing two fumbles. He started all 13 games each of the next two seasons, earning second-team All-Big 12 honors from the Associated Press in 2014 (107 tackles, six for loss, 1.5 sacks) and first-team all-conference accolades from coaches as a junior (103 tackles, seven for loss, 1.5 sacks). Even though he could have stayed at Oklahoma one more season, he decided to join his brother on the road to the next level.	Has speed to chase and corral. Able to close out stray running backs and bootleg<U+613C><U+3E64>-action quarterbacks. Lateral quickness and agility to scrape from gap to gap ahead of climbing linemen on off-tackle plays. Open field change of direction opens door to make more plays. Undersized but willing to sacrifice his body by chopping down short-pulling guards to stack the hole. Downhill tackler looking to stop it before it gets started. Made 32 percent of his tackles this season for gains of two yards or less. Smooth drops into space with natural man-cover talent.
								Needs work in the weight room to add needed mass. Very little "take-on" ability and can be blasted out of the hole. Sticks to blocks. Might not possess the strength or instincts to play inside in a 4-3. Frequently over-pursues causing him to void his run fits. Needs improved inside-out approach in pursuit of ball carriers. Tackle consistency can improve with bulk and a "body up" attack. Can be fooled completely out of a play by play fakes.
							
2016	Beniquez Brown	2555520	OLB	Mississippi St.	Instead of playing for a third linebackers coach in five seasons, Brown followed the lead of former teammate and 2015 second-round pick Bernardrick McKinney to enter the NFL draft after his junior season. Brown didn't garner the accolades that McKinney did during his career with the Bulldogs, failing to make a coaches or media all-conference squad over the past three years. However, there is little question of his football acumen. He started the final three games of his redshirt freshman season, recording 39 tackles, 4.5 for loss in 13 games. Brown made plays as a starting outside linebacker in 2014, ranking second on the team with 62 tackles, seven for loss, and two interceptions. In 2015, NFL scouts started really noticing Brown's play on the outside as he racked up 99 tackles and blocked two kicks, including a potential game-winner by Arkansas in the game's final seconds. He ended his career on a sharp note, making nine stops, two for loss, against North Carolina State in the Belk Bowl. 	Posted productive junior season in talent<U+613C><U+3E64>-rich SEC. Likes the game played downhill. Wrap-up tackler who finished with 100 total tackles and four sacks this season. Big enough to play through an angle block and work back into a play. Lively in his pursuit to the sideline and racks up tackles as mop-up man on the perimeter. Communicative on the field helping to direct traffic.
								Marginal athlete lacking burst to the ball. Step slow to read and flow allowing climbing linemen to force him over the top of the block. Very average body control and balance through contact. Will occasionally sidestep a block rather than taking it on with a shoulder and leveraging his gap. Instincts for run fits is sub-par. Needs better feel for seal blocks headed his way and must improve his hand usage.
							
2016	Steven Daniels	2555521	ILB	Boston College	If any running back has a question about Daniels' size, he'll be happy to answer you with a big shot to the mouth. No matter what his official height might be, the three-year starter for the Eagles is a big-time thumper in the middle. He stepped into the linebacker rotation as a freshman (25 tackles, one start at Will) and then moved onto the first team listing as a sophomore (88 tackles, 6.5 for loss, three sacks, three pass breakups). Daniels had 72 tackles, 1.5 for loss, as a junior before taking his game to another level in 2015. The first-team All-ACC selection led B.C. with 82 stops, 16 for loss, and six sacks as the Eagles ranked first in the FBS in total defense.	Vending machine build with wide hips and burly frame made for life inside. Downhill daddy. Anticipates his run fits and will jump downhill into the gaps to congest the lane. Has terrific upper body strength and some nasty in his big hands. Able to snatch and shed blockers with force. Can sense down blocks and sinks to fend them off. Instinctive, intelligent approach to the game.
								Stiff<U+613C><U+3E64>-legged puncher when taking on climbing linemen and will give some initial ground due to a lack of bend. Below average athleticism and balance create slim margin of error as a tackler. Has some downhill burst to the ball, but has borderline range and coverage ability as a pro.
							
2016	B.J. Goodson	2555522	OLB	Clemson	Like many players on major college football powers, Goodson rose up the ranks during his career, waiting for others to graduate or move on to the NFL before being able to show off his full skill set. He was no slouch coming from the same high school as former Clemson and NFL standout linebacker Levon Kirkland, though Goodson's game is not similar to that of his boyhood hero. After two years as a reserve (11 tackles in 2012-2013), Goodson became a co-starter at linebacker as a redshirt sophomore, making 34 tackles, 3.5 for loss, and three recovered fumbles. He took the reins of the defense in his senior season, leading the Tigers with 108 tackles, 14 of which resulted in losses including 5.5 sacks. Goodson displayed an excellent all-around game, intercepting two passes, breaking up three others, and forcing a fumble during the year to garner third-team All-ACC honors from league coaches (second-team from league media). 	Team captain and leader on that side of the ball. Surprising production as a one-year starter. Stocky with a muscular build to withstand the rigors inside. Brings a thumper's mentality to the field. Uses potent punch-and-shed technique full of leverage and power to attack second level blockers. Took it to Notre Dame?s Nick Martin. Willing to sacrifice body to disrupt blocking and play flow. Plays with base and balance and able to slide under blocks to work into tackles. Has play strength to challenge turn-out blocks and leverage his gap. Rarely cheated as a tackler.

								Hip stiffness leads to athletic limitations in space. Lumbering pursuit speed to the perimeter. Allows running backs a fair shot at turning the corner when he's chasing. Little margin for error with angles to the ball. Still learning patience in his flow to prevent cutback lanes. Labored backpedal in space. Grabby in coverage and could be in trouble when matched up in space. Play-action can cause him to lose his bearings.

							
2016	C.J. Johnson	2555523	ILB	Mississippi	It's not often that a college team asks a three-year starter at defensive end to move to the middle linebacker spot. But Ole Miss coaches did just that in the spring of 2015, asking Johnson to return to his primary high school position as the master of the defense after owning the edge throughout his career. He started nine games inside as a senior (43 tackles, two for loss, two interceptions), missing a month to a torn left meniscus. Johnson had always been a bit light in the shorts to play defensive end, but he still came out blasting there as a true freshman in 2011 (three starts, 32 tackles, four for loss, one sack). He led the Rebels with 6.5 sacks (among 55 tackles, eight TFL) as a starter his sophomore year, and looked like he was on the way to another great year (12 tackles, four for loss in four games) until an ankle surgery put him on the shelf. Gaining a redshirt season, Johnson was named a captain for his junior year in 2014 (38 tackles, eight TFL, four sacks) for the nation's top scoring defense.	Accelerates past climbers and can win a race to the edge. Tremendous length to cast levers into a tackle and reel it in. Desired speed for sideline-to-sideline activity. Showed rush potential as sophomore racking up 6.5 sacks. Has hybrid characteristics. Able to slip blocks here and there with angular frame. Instinctive and aware against the pass with three interceptions over the last two seasons. Beloved by coaching staff for attitude and work ethic. Missed just two games after meniscus surgery that was expected to sideline him 4-6 weeks.

								Simply not suited to play inside based on 2015 tape. Turns pads when scraping and is too easily washed away when overrunning his fit. Too much arms and not enough chest in his tackles. Misdirection and play-action leave him scratching his head too often. Has had ankle and knee surgeries over last three seasons. Play strength needs an upgrade. Has to "battle fight" to disengage from blockers and needs a clean trip to be effective flowing to ball. Has debilitating lack of hand usage inside. 


							
2016	Cory Littleton	2555524	OLB	Washington	Littleton's career at "U-Dub" was a bit up and down, moving positions and moving in and out of the starting lineup. But as they say, it's not about how you start, but where you finish. Littleton's final year on campus saw him receive honorable mention All-Pac-12 notice as a Sam linebacker, racking up 65 stops, 11 for loss, and six sacks. He had started all 13 games at defensive end as a sophomore, contributing 62 tackles, 10 for loss and five sacks for the Huskies, but found himself playing less in his junior campaign as a part-time starter (37 tackles, 3.5 for loss, one sack). Even Littleton's first year in Seattle was a bit inconsistent, as coaches inserted him into the starting line-up against Oregon after not playing him at all in the first four games of the year. He made six tackles against the Ducks (one for loss), and finished the year with 14 stops, 1.5 for loss.	Athletic with long arms and big hands. Has decent closing speed. Sinks hips and accelerates out of his change of direction. Moderate tackle production, but reduced his broken tackles and misses from a year ago. As edge rusher, has some edge bend with flexible ankles, effective shoulder dip and cat<U+613C><U+3E64>-quick spin move. Credited with 35 pressures and six sacks on the season. Consistent special teams performer with 19 career tackles.
								Play strength dips well below NFL norm for the position. Plays upright and blockers get under his pads. Allows both tight ends and fullbacks to derail his edge-setting attempts. Can't hold the edge and is a liability when teams run downhill at him. Shows some passivity. Needs to be more physical and use his hands to clear himself from blocks.
							
2016	Curt Maggitt	2555525	OLB	Tennessee	Maggitt (muh-JIT) chipped a bone in his hip against Oklahoma in the second game of the 2015 season (he already had three tackles for loss in two games), forcing him to sit out the remainder of the season. He could have applied to the NCAA for a sixth year of eligibility, as he lost the 2013 season to a knee injury suffered as a sophomore, but decided it was time to move on to the next chapter of his life. Maggitt, whose brother, Roosevelt, played defensive end at Iowa State, was looking forward to backing up a second-team All-SEC (media) junior campaign where he led the Volunteers with 11 sacks among his 15 tackles for loss. He also had productive freshman and sophomore campaigns, starting eight times at SAM in 2011 (56 tackles, 5.5 for loss) and nine games at MIKE in 2012 (30 tackles, five for loss) before tearing his ACL. 	Coach on the field and unquestioned leader of the defense. Sky<U+613C><U+3E64>-high football character. Loves the game. Pre-2015 hip injury, flashed twitch and suddenness of movement. Has ground-gaining strides up the field as rusher and converts advantage into edge attack for sacks. Above average skill set as rusher and works his plan. Able to sink, shift and redirect into shifty ball carriers. Gets jarring arm extension into target and is quick to disengage. Works to stay clean. Undeterred passion and knows how to play the game.
								Plagued by injuries that limits his sample size. Thin hips and lean lower body. Limited play range and burst. Struggles to unlock hips and sprint to the sideline. Consistent contain could become an issue. Below average cover ability in man. His game could use more patience and instincts.
							
2016	Cassanova McKinzy	2555526	ILB	Auburn	McKinzy took over the middle of Auburn's defense in 2014 after starting on the weak side as a sophomore -- and the move seemed to suit him just fine. The downhill player made life difficult for SEC running backs between the tackles (91 tackles, 11 for loss in 2014. He changed to the "Buck" linebacker spot as a senior, again excelling in a new place (74 tackles, 10 for loss, five sacks, 20 quarterback hurries). Unfortunately, McKinzy finished his final collegiate game on crutches as he watched his team win the Birmingham Bowl (very near his childhood home) over Memphis.	Has old school thickness and thump to play inside. Will get downhill and bring some funk behind his pads at the point of attack. Plays with excellent power and twitch in his hands. Edge<U+613C><U+3E64>-setting potential with the strength and quickness to shed would-be blockers. Has experience playing inside and outside. Produced effective pressure rate as pass rusher when working inside twist games. Credited with 17 quarterback knockdowns in 2015.
								Poor instincts and feel for play design. Gets sealed by blocks he doesn't see coming and loses gap leverage due to his instincts over a lack of play strength. Bulky frame with some stiffness. Has missed 25 tackles over last three years. Marginal quickness in his lateral scrape and rarely stays ahead of the blockers in a race for positioning. No matchup cover talent. One of the starters benched for poor play and a lack of communication after the LSU game.
							
2016	Montese Overton	2555527	OLB	East Carolina	Darrell Montese Overton was the son of a former ECU basketball player (Darrell, Sr.), so it was natural for him to follow in those footsteps -- though his aggressiveness is definitely more suited for the gridiron than the hardwood. His athleticism makes him a fit in any sport, and it got him onto the field as a redshirt freshman in 2012, when he started three contests and played in five more (29 tackles, 3.5 for loss). Although Overton didn?t start as a sophomore, the opposition knew when he was on the field (50 tackles, 10 for loss, six sacks, two forced fumbles). He started every game his last two seasons with the Pirates, attacking the backfield and making plays in coverage as a junior (68 tackles, 11.5 for loss, four pass break-ups) and in his second team All-American Athletic Conference senior year (70 stops, team-leading 10 TFL and 7.5 sacks, seven pass breakups.)	Has posted tremendous athletic and weight room numbers within East Carolina's strength and conditioning program. Plays with consistent aggression and tenacity. Showed ability to match up with tight ends in space. Had seven passes defensed in 2015. Has twitch for a solid punch to keep himself clean against the run. Can swoop around the edge and attack gap plays. Gives pass rush support off edge but best <U+613C><U+3E64>suited as blitzer. Has special teams value on kickoff coverage where he posted 11 tackles as a sophomore.
								Undersized with thick waist, hips and calves. Lacks the bone structure to carry much more weight. Sticks his nose in, but can be stonewalled against quality blocking tight ends. Size and play strength will limit ability to make plays on other side of the ball as a pro. Saw six of his 7.5 sacks come over two games. Doesn't show consistent edge attack to make a living as rusher off edge.
							
2016	Nick Vigil	2555528	ILB	Utah St.	The Vigil brothers were trouble for Mountain West foes in 2013 and 2014, with Nick and his older brother Zach terrorizing offenses with their toughness and heady play. Zach left for the NFL after the 2014 season, and had a good rookie season for Miami despite going undrafted.  Instead of waiting for two years to reunite with his sibling at the next level, Nick decided four years at USU was enough, opting to enter the 2016 NFL Draft. He certainly ended his career with the Aggies on a high note, garnering first team All-Mountain West honors with 144 tackles (ranking sixth in the FBS), 13.5 of which were for losses (three sacks). Conference coaches voted him first team as a sophomore, as well, because he made 123 tackles, 16.5 for loss and seven sacks. He also played five games at running back (41-152, three TD rushing), starting one there to make him the only player in the country that year starting on both sides of the ball. Even as a redshirt freshman, Vigil got on the field regularly, starting four of 14 games played and making 55 tackles, 8.5 for loss, and 5.5 sacks, with seven of those tackles and 1.5 of those sacks coming against Northern Illinois in the Poinsettia Bowl. 	Eye<U+613C><U+3E64>-popping production from the middle with 30 tackles for loss and 267 tackles over last two seasons according to the school. High school running back with above average vision and feel for track of the run. Quick to diagnose and respond to play direction. Uses instincts to help him win races over top of climbing linemen. Disciplined gap awareness, but bounces to the play when run lane is declared. Loose hips allow for cover ability from zone. Wide-armed, wrap-up tackler looking to chest up on each tackle. Not lacking toughness for the middle.
								Slender frame that might not carry normal girth for the position. Needs to play with better punch and active hands to stay clean. Can be smothered by size. Gets bounced around when caught up in traffic during flow to the ball. Instincts make him seem more athletic and fast than he might actually be. Lacks sudden twitch and change of direction ability. Lost a couple of races to the perimeter where he had the angle.
							
2016	Stephen Weatherly	2555529	OLB	Vanderbilt	Weatherly possesses one of the more unique family and personal backgrounds among the 2016 draft class, with a grandmother who graduated from Harvard and MIT and the ability to play six musical instruments. On the field, he has grown from a rotation defensive end as a redshirt freshman in 2013 (19 tackles, five for loss, 3.5 sacks) to part-time starter as a 3-4 linebacker (nine starts, 55 tackles, 12.5 for loss, 4.5 sacks) to a team leader (46 tackles, 9.5 for loss, 3.5 sacks). Having nearly completed his degree, Weatherly decided after the season to move on to the NFL as an early draft entrant.	Long-limbed frame with wide hips and a big bubble should handle more muscle. Has experience with a hand down or standing up. Used as A-<U+613C><U+3E64>gap blitzer at times and showed some slippery to knife through on occasion. Tall and can peek over the fray to find the ball. Closes off the edge to the ball like a freight train when unblocked. Long legs help him range around field and close ground against hesitant runners.
								Open-side rusher at Vanderbilt lacking upfield burst. False step, pre-rush slows him in the race. Rushes with hesitation rather than cutting it loose. Play strength could benefit from greater bend and leverage at the point of attack. Doesn?t utilize length and an effective punch as often as he could. Stays wired to blocks for too long.
							
2016	Vonn Bell	2555530	FS	Ohio St.	Bell was a top 30 national recruit out of Georgia, but eschewed the overtures of Alabama and other SEC schools to play for Urban Meyer and the Buckeyes. His faith in Meyer was rewarded with a national championship in 2014, and the fact his team beat Saban's Crimson Tide in the title game was no small irony. Bell got on the field right way for OSU, playing as a reserve at the nickel spot most of his true freshman season before earning a starting spot in the Orange Bowl versus Clemson (seven tackles, interception). He was inserted into one of the safety spots for 14-of-15 contests in the Buckeyes' championship 2014 season, racking up 92 tackles, two for loss, six interceptions and six pass breakups. Though his statistics dropped a bit in his final year in Columbus (65 tackles, two interceptions, nine pass breakups), Bell's play was still impressive enough to receive 2015 second-team All-Big Ten honors from league coaches (first team from the media).	Sheriff mentality looking to corral receivers on his side of the field. Has man cover talent. Instincts and reaction time are big assets. Trusts his eyes and fires downhill as soon as he reads throw. Capacity to meet ball at the catch<U+613C><U+3E64> point more than most cover safeties. Credited with 23 passes defensed over last two seasons. Able to mirror targets and strike a centered blow when flowing downhill. Plays with excellent feel for his responsibilities in space. Sifts through route combinations and always gets to his guy. Rarely out of position.
								Play speed looked very average on tape. Time-consuming sprint to boundary from single-high coverage to help over the top. Hip tightness impedes fluid flip and go when beaten in space. Occasionally gets caught peeking in on quarterback for too long and will briefly lose track of receiver. Against the run, allows running backs to get on top of him and deliver the first blow. Drag down tackler without much thud.
							
2016	Anthony Brown	2555531	CB	Purdue	The Boilermakers had one of the worst pass defenses in college football in 2015, but Brown shouldn't be blamed for that performance. He intercepted four passes on the year (the first four of his career), breaking up six others (giving him 19 in three years as a starter). One of Brown's strengths is his tackling ability (110 in 2014-2015), as he's willing to throw his body into a play. Combining good athleticism with some physicality makes Brown a potential special teams contributor and reserve corner at the next level.	Patient footwork from press coverage. Consistent and effective in zone coverage. Plays with plus field awareness and overall intelligence in space. Solid in bail coverage with balancing eye work between receiver and quarterback and maintaining proper spacing. Diligent against play<U+613C><U+3E64>-action possibilities near goal line. Has hands to finish with the interception when opportunity arises. Finished with 10 passes defensed in each of the last two years. Provides value in special teams coverage.
								On wrong end of entirely too many touchdowns over last three seasons (charged with 17 allowed on 162 targets). Handsy defender at the stem or top of the route. Doesn't trust his technique, and willing to grab and pull rather than work the feet. Charged with six pass interference penalties in 2015. Has some stall when transitioning forward from backpedal and when opening to run from press. Reads pass quickly, but burst to ball is limited. Passive tackler with inconsistent effort against the run.
							
2016	Lamarcus Brutus	2555532	SS	Florida St.	Most Florida State defensive prospects don't fly in under the radar, but Brutus tends to be overlooked as scouts and fans marvel at the talents of All-American Jalen Ramsey. To be fair, Brutus couldn't get on the field regularly in his first three years on the team due to depth at the position. He played in six games as a redshirt freshman (no statistics) before becoming a regular on special teams (16 tackles) the following year. Brutus earned time as a safety in dime packages in 2014, recording 15 tackles and two interceptions on the year. Once he forced his way into a starting spot as a senior, Seminoles coaches didn't regret putting him in (68 tackles, team-leading three interceptions, one pass breakup).	Plays with above average instincts allowing him to react quickly to play progression. Anticipates route development and flows with it. Able to turn and peddle without issues. Balanced, open-<U+613C><U+3E64>field tackler who finishes with consistency. Always reading quarterback. Disguises pre-snap coverage plans.
								Struggled to log playing time amongst talented Seminoles roster. Slightly below average size for the position. Man coverage limitations due to lack of speed. Slow twitch, average athlete.
							
2016	Taveze Calhoun	2555533	CB	Mississippi St.	Calhoun and Will Redmond are trying to become the second cornerback duo from MSU in the last four years to both be drafted in the top 100 selections (Darius Slay, Johnthan Banks in 2013). Calhoun came back from offseason ankle surgery to start for a third straight year as a senior. Not only did he succeed on the field (39 tackles, 6.5 for loss, two interceptions, team-best 10 pass breakups), but he was a finalist for the Campbell Trophy (academic Heisman) and was the SEC?s only National Football Foundation National Scholar-Athlete. In 2012, he played as a reserve and special teams ace (24 tackles, forced fumble) before getting the starting nod the following year (three interceptions, 101 return yards). Calhoun started all 13 games as a junior, accumulating 53 tackles, an interception, and nine pass breakups.	Tall cornerback with game experience against receivers now in the NFL. Careful against speed across from him and rarely beaten over the top. Exceptionally intelligent and can rapidly process what he sees. Has quick reaction twitch and responsiveness to burst to the throw and make plays on the ball. Good leaper who aggressively rips and slaps at attempted catches. Credited with 27 passes defensed over last three seasons. Comfortable in man<U+613C><U+3E64>-off coverage. Hit with only one pass interference over last 136 targets. High character person and player on and off the field.
								Skinny legs and thin waist. Not strong or physical. Works overtime in run support to unglue from big, blocking receivers on the edge. Ducks head into tackles and often won't see what he's hitting. Tackle strength and consistency are below average. Tall and uneven in his backpedal. Can't carry long speed. Fear of deep ball forces him into early open and retreat. Transition of feet and hips from press coverage is cumbersome. Balance issues pop up all over the game tape.
							
2016	Tevin Carter	2555534	SS	Utah	It's easy to see why NFL scouts are interested in seeing Carter, as he is a physically imposing safety with excellent speed; in high school he was one of the top sprinters in Los Angeles and the state of California. He signed with Cal originally, but ended up at L.A. Southwest Junior College for two seasons (first team All-Conference both years) and attended El Camino College for one year to gain academic eligibility to play at Utah. After an injury-shortened 2014 season (two interceptions in four games played), Carter was the regular starter at strong safety this fall (56 tackles, 5.5 for loss, two interceptions, three pass breakups). Without a doubt, there will be NFL defensive coordinators wanting to make use of Carter's athleticism and physicality.	Big safety who rarely shortchanges himself when it is time to tackle. Possesses a great radar as tackler and lands powerful finishing blows wrapping, lifting and running feet through the hit. Former high school sprinter with decent straight line speed. Appears to have bone structure capable of taking on more weight for move to linebacker. Can sift through trash in the box and stick his nose in for the tackle. Highly recruited receiver out of high school still has winning ball skills on 50/50 passes. Has NFL traits that could be unlocked with more experience and coaching.
								Top heavy with average build. Plodder in open field with borderline change of direction ability. Upright in space and seems to drift and wing it in coverage rather than playing with technique. Due to injury in 2014, has limited game experience in major college football. Limited lateral quickness due to hip tightness. Has build<U+613C><U+3E64>up speed as a downhill player. Lacking instincts and route recognition expected from a former receiver.
							
2016	DeAndre Elliott	2555535	CB	Colorado St.	Elliott has gone back and forth between part-time starter and full-time starter during his time in Fort Collins, but he has consistently made plays while possessing the size/speed combination NFL scouts look for in cornerbacks. He intercepted two passes in his redshirt freshman (seven starts), junior (six), and senior (11) seasons, picking off one pass in his sophomore (10) year. Elliott returned one of his interceptions for a 76-year touchdown against Hawaii in 2012. He was credited with 27 pass breakups for the Rams over his four-year career. 	Good height and arm length for the position. Showed dramatic improvement from last season improving completion percentage against from 57.4 percent to 40.5 percent and reducing touchdowns allowed from five to one. Quick to squeeze his target when route breaks in front of him. Spies quarterback from bail coverage and will break from his path to jump throws or help outside his area. Handles high/low splits from zone coverage with proper balance. 

								Shows slight balance issues when hitting brakes from his pedal or shuffle. Acceleration from change of direction is delayed. Doesn't have recovery speed to swing and miss underneath. Concern over deep balls force him into early, hard bail. Doesn?t sit as tightly in the pocket in man coverage as teams would like. Always opts for safest angle possible in run support rather than making the impactful tackle.

							
2016	Kavon Frazier	2555536	SS	Central Michigan	Frazier garnered second-team All-MAC recognition in his senior season (led team with 108 tackles, 4.5 for loss), but the largest honor he received was being able to wear the No. 21 jersey of his former friend and teammate, Derrick Nash. Nash passed away from leukemia in June 2015, and coaches decided to rotate the 21 jersey throughout the season as a way of honoring his memory. Frazier got to wear the jersey twice, including in the team's bowl game. Before 2015, Frazier played as a reserve in 2012 (36 tackles, one interception, three pass breakups), earned more playing time as a sophomore (67 tackles, three interceptions, five pass breakups), and went back to a partial starter in 2014 (58 stops, four pass break-ups).  	Has the physical build of a grown, NFL man with broad shoulders and muscular frame. Classic, height/weight/speed prospect. Comes downhill looking for work in run support. Explodes through his target as a hitter and looks to make statements. Has experience high and low as a safety. Good stop-start foot quickness for a big safety. Special teams demon with 14 tackles in punt and kick coverage over the last two seasons. His college coach was a long<U+613C><U+3E64>time NFL special teams coordinator who praises Frazier's special teams potential. Should test well at the combine.
								Strong desire to thump against the run forces him out of position when biting on playaction. His downhill tracks sometimes include questionable angles to the ball and he will run himself into traffic and lose contain. Has issues overreacting to head fakes at the break points of routes. Shows some confusion sifting through combo routes at times. Average instincts from zone and is slow to anticipate quarterback's intentions.
							
2016	T.J. Green	2555537	FS	Clemson	Green was a lightly-regarded two-star recruit out of Alabama when Clemson made a scholarship offer -- one of only two major programs to do so. Even though the other was his favorite school growing up, Auburn, he took a chance on Clemson, and it paid off well. He worked at the receiver position as a true freshman, catching two passes and returning three kicks in 12 games. Coaches moved him to safety after the season, with the hopes he could make a bigger impact -- figuratively and literally. As a sophomore he started once and played as a reserve in 10 other contests, recording 24 tackles and one interception, in addition to returning kicks full-time (445 yards). His game took a big leap in 2015, as Green and his roommate, Jayron Kearse, formed one of the tallest and most feared safety duos in the country. He finished second on the team with 95 tackles, 5.5 for loss, broke up three passes and forced two fumbles as the Tigers run at an undefeated season went all the way to the final game of the year. 	Former wide receiver turned safety. Speedster who had a few "walk down" tackles coming from way behind to make tackles on breakaways. Has exciting coverage range potential for defense that asks more of him. Flashes man cover ability with length, speed, and balls skills associated with being a former receiver. Asked to walk down into the box and handle run support duties from time to time. Lightning fast blitzer who can factor off the slot. Patterns his game after Chiefs safety Eric Berry. Returned kickoffs in 2014. 

								Open-field tackling issues are problematic. Too much shoulder hits and not enough wrap ups. Positioning and balance when tackling is below average. Credited with 17 missed or broken tackles in 2015. One-year starter. Asked to play so much high safety that his coverage opportunities and experience is limited. Hesitates to fire downhill after the run or catch, giving away valuable yardage. Instincts a work in progress missing opportunities to take chances and make plays on the ball. 

							
2016	De'Vante Harris	2555538	CB	Texas A&M	Growing up as the son of a former NFL player (Rod Harris played four years after drafted in the fourth round by the Houston Oilers in 1989) and Aggie career record holder for kick return yards, it's no surprise that Harris attended A&M and excelled throughout his time there. The four-star recruit earned his way on the field for seven starts as a true freshman, making 30 tackles, 2.5 for loss, intercepting one pass and breaking up three others.  Harris became the full-time starter in 2013 (56 tackles, 2.5 for loss, one INT, eight PBU) but struggled through fall camp and the early part of the 2014 season with an injury (six starts in 10 games, 53 stops, one INT, five PBU). Healthy again for most of his senior campaign, Harris picked off two passes and broke up eight others, displaying enough talent to potentially follow in his father's footsteps as an NFL draftee. 	Plays with plus instincts and locks in on quarterback to read his intentions. Able to step outside his area and go make a play on the ball. Plays with rapid response to the throw. Understands the game and gets secondary line up. Very communicative on the field. Plays with tremendous confidence. Loves to come downhill and strike incoming receivers with authority. Runs through his targets and delivers as much pop as his thin frame can muster.
								Played more bail and off coverage this season after big receivers bounced him around from press coverage in 2014. Willing hitter, but slides off of too many tackles allowing for additional yardage after contact. Play strength in run support and against big targets is below NFL standards. Recovery speed is average.
							
2016	Xavien Howard	2555539	CB	Baylor	After two years of watching the Baylor defense from the sidelines, Howard was enough of a playmaker as a sophomore and junior that he left early for the NFL. He redshirted in 2012, and then had five tackles as a reserve cornerback and special teamer the following year.  Howard worked his way onto the field as a sophomore and never left, starting all 26 games over the past two seasons. He used his NFL-sized frame to make 93 tackles as well as led the team in interceptions (four in 2014, five in 2015) and pass breakups (13, 10) in both years, twice garnering honorable mention All-Big 12 notice from league coaches.	NA	NA
2016	Derrick Kindred	2555540	FS	TCU	There's toughness, and then there's Derrick Kindred.  During the 2015 Alamo Bowl press conference, he stated he broke his collarbone three days before the start of his senior season, but decided to play through the injury. It's difficult enough to play a thumper at the safety position, which Kindred is, with a mostly healthy body. But to be a first-team All-Big 12 defensive back with 87 tackles, 3.5 for loss, two interceptions and three pass breakups -- well, that?s pretty impressive.  Kindred had already secured a leadership role on the defense as a junior, receiving honorable mention All-Big 12 notice (80 tackles, 4.5 for loss, four interceptions, five pass breakups). Kindred returned two of his six interceptions for touchdowns during the 2014-2015 seasons, as well.  He had his first taste as a starter in his freshman year, starting once in 12 contests (20 tackles, two pass break-ups), and then stepped up again when needed as a sophomore, beginning three contests and playing in every game (48 stops, four for loss, two INT, five PBU). 	Compact build with aggressive field demeanor. Will drop bombs on ball carriers and receivers when he gets his chance. Accelerates through his targets for maximum pop. Has toughness and strength of an NFL box safety. Decent straight-line speed from the hash and as a downhill tackler. Has some cover talent if matched up underneath. Had 21 passes defensed and eight interceptions over last two seasons. Plays on both punt and kick coverage teams and loves to intimidate with big hits on return men.
								At times will opt to chop runner's legs from under them over wrapping up. Big hit hunting has consequences. Missed 16 tackles last year and 26 over last two seasons, in part, due to issues with direction change. Can be juked in open field. Glides toward perimeter run support and creating high-<U+613C><U+3E64>risk tackle angles and diving attempts. Hip stiffness and inconsistency with deep ball responsibilities are major concerns in deep coverage.
							
2016	Jordan Lomax	2555541	FS	Iowa	After three years of waiting his turn to get on the field, including a lost 2012 season due to a spring shoulder injury and 2013 season where he missed four more games due to injury, Lomax finally earned the starting nod in 2014 -- and stayed healthy. He put forth an honorable mention All-Big Ten effort at safety (he started his Iowa career at cornerback), making 92 tackles, intercepting a pass and breaking up six others. Lomax followed that up with a third team all-conference campaign (96 tackles, one interception, six pass break-ups), where he used his compact build and athleticism to patrol the secondary for the Hawkeyes.	Aggressive, willing demeanor in run support. Loves to hit. Will get his licks in when he gets a chance. Might offer kickoff coverage value. Closes hard on receivers drifting into his area for the catch and can land a disruptive strike to jar ball free. Former cornerback with enough twitch to slam on brakes from backpedal and burst downhill. Hard worker in the classroom and weight room and noted team leader.
								Stout but short safety with small hands. Carries longer torso on shorter legs. Hesitates to jump routes on crossers and slants in front of him. Lacks play<U+613C><U+3E64>making instincts and length. Had just two interceptions in two years as starter. More buildup acceleration than short area burst in coverage. Great hitter, but average finisher. Questionable angles and poor space adjustment led to 29 broken or missed tackles as a starter.
							
2016	Jordan Lucas	2555542	SS	Penn St.	Lucas was the first recruit to sign on with Bill O?Brien as the Nittany Lions fought through the rough times of the post-Joe Paterno era. He has played corner using his tenacious man-cover skills, and was also physical enough to move to safety (58 tackles, four for loss, two sacks along with nine passes defensed in 2014). His senior year was cut short due to injury (56 tackles, three pass breakups in nine starts), but Lucas could be a nice option in the slot for teams looking to regularly bring pressure from that area. Versatility is crucial in today's NFL, and Lucas has plenty to spare.	Team captain and three-year starter. Played cornerback two years before moving to safety this year. Praised for his character and leadership. Doesn't need much runway to hit his burst gear to close. Plays with smooth feet and change of direction for the safety spot. Takes smart angles to the ball and rarely runs himself out of a play. Lined up over slots in sub-<U+613C><U+3E64>packages.
								Has short arms and marginal speed. Lacks playmaking instincts to put him in position to make more plays. Always seems to be a step slow to the ball from the safety spot. Labored disengage in run support when blocked by tight ends near line of scrimmage. Missed final three games and Senior Bowl with shoulder injury that will be combed over at combine. Hits like a cornerback.
							
2016	Keanu Neal	2555543	SS	Florida	Some safeties are content with "catching" ball-carriers during their tackle attempts. Neal prefers to make sure those with the ball have nightmares about "42" coming their way. The Florida high school all-state pick (151 tackles as a junior) stepped in to tie for the team lead in special teams tackles as a freshman, along with playing a reserve role at safety (five tackles on the year). Neal got the start in eight contests as a sophomore, missing two games with an injury but still managing 45 tackles and racking up three interceptions. He also missed the first two games of the 2015 season with an injured hamstring, but finished with 96 tackles, 3.5 for loss, two sacks, and one interception. Neal joined cornerback Vernon Hargreaves III in leaving for the NFL early after his outstanding junior year.	Athletic frame with NFL size. Quick-<U+613C><U+3E64>twitch player cranks it up to top speed in a hurry. Explodes downhill in run support with blood in his eyes. Vicious hitter looking to bruise bones and set tones. Rangy run stopper. Drives all the way through his contact with aggressive finishes. Scouts impressed by his personal character. Good click and close skill in coverage. Is on top of receiver immediately after the catch. Worked from the box and as single high safety at Florida. Impact tackler around the line of scrimmage. Plays with a sense of desperation and rarely fatigues.
								Will have to make business decisions regarding when to bang and when to simply tackle in order to save his body. "Hulk smash" playing style led to 15 missed or broken tackles in 2015. Can be wild in space skating past his target. Field awareness can be hit or miss in coverage. Will lose track of deep ball responsibility from time to time. Won't always turn and run early enough.
							
2016	Jimmy Pruitt	2555544	CB	San Jose St.	A versatile defender who has started at corner and safety for the Spartans, Pruitt played with the first-team defense at corner as a true freshman (41 tackles, one interception, 11 pass breakups). Though not a huge hitter, Pruitt is physical enough to have handled duties in the back half as a sophomore (52 tackles). He moved back to the corner spot for his junior and senior seasons, intercepting three passes and breaking up seven others in honorable mention All-Mountain West efforts the past two years.	Has experience starting at both safety and cornerback. Very rarely burned and maintains solid feel for his man. Allowed just one touchdown over last 103 targets. Diligent against double moves and rarely bites hard on first sign of breaks by wide out. Plays with route recognition in both man and zone and will take shots to jump the route from time to time. Has 18 passes defensed over last two seasons, including six interceptions. Has adequate reactive footwork and shows little indecision when responding to his eyes.
								Not aggressive enough in run support to transition to full-time safety. Has short arms for a cornerback. Allows too much operating room from off-<U+613C><U+3E64>man bail coverage and needs to squeeze routes a little tighter. Slow to find and track ball down the field. Gets to top gear quickly, but long speed appears to be average at best. Ankle-tackler willing to sit on blocks for too long rather than attack and defeat.
							
2016	Will Redmond	2555545	CB	Mississippi St.	A four-star recruit from Memphis, Redmond got caught up in a recruiting mess that gave him and his family impermissible benefits. The NCAA investigated the situation, and did not allow him to play as a freshman at MSU. Redmond only played in eight games as a sophomore and didn't start a game for the Bulldogs in 2014 because of the depth they had at the position. Still, teams made a mistake throwing his way that year as he had a team-best three interceptions (along with five breakups) as a junior. Two of those interceptions sealed victories for Mississippi State in the fourth quarter. Once Redmond finally got the starting job as a senior (25 tackles, two INT, one PBU), he could only watch the second half of the season after tearing his right ACL in practice. But NFL teams won't forget the athleticism and toughness he showed in the 19 games he played in 2014-2015.	Plus athleticism for the position. Plays with desired twitch and foot quickness. Has the physical tools to match up in tight, man coverage and mirror receiver with quality pattern recognition. Has burst to close out throws quickly and challenge the catch. Aggressive and determined in run support. Unafraid to step downhill challenge the run on his terms and near the line of scrimmage.
								Average size for the perimeter. Combines height/weight will be important for him. Transition from physical downfield approach to NFL rules could be challenging early on. Takes chances that pulls him out of position. ACL tear in 2015 puts 2016 in limbo. Open field tackling can be an issue. Was on pace to miss almost 20 tackles before injury. Looks to drop hammers rather than wrap up. Has very few college starts.
							
2016	Rashard Robinson	2555546	CB	LSU	Robinson's talent was never an issue during his time in Baton Rouge, but staying on the field was problematic.  He barely made the deadline for eligibility before his freshman season, but ended up playing in 12 games with two starts (16 tackles, interception, three pass break-ups). In 2014, he was not allowed to dress for the season opener against Wisconsin and started six of eight games played (17 tackles, one pass breakup) before being suspended indefinitely in November. Head coach Les Miles never reinstated Robinson for the 2015 season, so the defender sat out the season instead of transferring to another school. Without hope of re-joining the team in 2016, he entered the NFL draft as an early entrant.	Tremendously long athlete with absolutely blazing straight line speed. Scouts believe he could have one of the top 40-yard dash times at the combine. Recovery speed allows him to sit on short and intermediate routes. Can flip hips and accelerate with his man down the field. Smooth change of speed to mirror double movers. Thin, but not soft. Plays to his height and it often spells doom when he has receivers pinned against the sideline. In 2013, held then-Aggie Mike Evans to four catches for 51 yards. Willing to do his part when he has to tackle. Explosive from stand<U+613C><U+3E64>still and can close quickly on throws or receivers.
								Due to off-field issues, has limited game experience and ball production. Feet become impatient from press and he opens early at the first sign of a head fake. Spindly legs may be close to maxed out in terms of size. Run support may be an issue when he has to disengage against NFL size. Arrested in June of 2015 and charged with unauthorized entry in connection with a theft from the apartment of one of Robinson's former teammates. Has admitted to being "selfish" while at LSU.
							
2016	KeiVarae Russell	2555547	CB	Notre Dame	The story of Russell's career at Notre Dame took a sharp left turn in August of 2014, as he and four of his teammates were suspended for academic improprieties. The prolonged investigative process cost him the 2014 season and 2014-15 school year, although he kept himself busy with community college courses, a job, and a strong workout program so he could return in 2015. He started 11 games for the Irish in his final season on campus, making 60 tackles, 3.5 for loss, two interceptions and four pass breakups. Russell was actually considered one of the top running back recruits in the country coming out of high school, but moved to the secondary for the Irish before his freshman season. The move paid immediate dividends, as he started all 13 games earning Freshman All-American honors (58 tackles, two interceptions). Russell started every game again in 2013 (51 tackles, eight pass breakups), finishing strong with his lone interception of the year and three pass breakups against Rutgers in the Pinstripe Bowl.	First-day starter from the time he stepped foot on campus. Angular athletic build. Plays fast. Smooth hips and light feet opening from press. Plus route recognition. Anticipates and mirrors routes in space sitting in receiver's pocket along the route. Quick responder to play<U+613C><U+3E64>action and sprints back into his responsibility. Observant from zone and off coverage. Shows recovery speed needed against long speed. Looks to do it the right way as tackler. Strikes with chest or shoulder and wraps up.
								Can be posted up by size. Flatfooted pedal slows plant-and-close ability. Displays some balance inconsistency in change of direction. Ball skills can use work. Hyper-focuses on his man rather than finding the ball and making a play. Can speed reaction time to what quarterback's eyes are telling him. Broken fibula at the end of 2015 creates medical concern. Missed all of 2014 due to "academic dishonesty".
							
2016	Zack Sanchez	2555548	CB	Oklahoma	A two-time first-team All-Big 12 pick from Fort Worth, Texas, Sanchez has been a stalwart for the Sooners since taking the starting job as a redshirt freshman in 2013. He started 37 games over the past three years, missing two games this fall with a right leg injury. His slight frame worries scouts, and some questioned Sanchez's decision to leave early for the NFL, but there's no doubting his ability to play the ball (15 interceptions, 28 pass break-ups over the past three seasons). Sanchez received 2015 second team All-American notice from multiple outlets, as he not only picked off seven passes, but had 45 tackles, 3.5 for loss, and seven pass breakups. 	Three-year starter. Outstanding ball production has been his calling card. Grabbed 15 interceptions during three-year career. Always looking to take the ball reading the quarterback's eyes and taking sharp angles on the throw. Has the hands and athleticism to make difficult interceptions. Great spatial feel in zone shifting from receiver to receiver and squeezing throwing windows. Mirror and match footwork combined with route recognition from man-<U+613C><U+3E64>off gives him playmaking opportunities. Carries long speed to challenge vertical targets.
								Short and rail thin for an outside cornerback. Inconsistent tackler due to size. May not have enough sand to hold up against physical receivers. Reckless habit of diving head first on slant looks only to be burned by "sluggo" (slant and go) routes. Doesn't play as fast as his forty time. Allowed 12 touchdowns over last three years and that number should have been higher (drops/overthrows). Can be turned around by clever routes. Average closing burst out of backpedal.
							
2016	Kevon Seymour	2555549	CB	USC	Seymour expected to pair with super sophomore Adore<e9> Jackson in 2015 to form one of the best cornerback duos in the country. In his second year as a starter, he led USC with 13 pass breakups in 2014 and intercepted his second career pass as well. The 2011 high school All-American earned that starting role as a sophomore in 2013, making 48 tackles and breaking up seven passes. Knee and ankle injuries cost Seymour playing time in his senior season, however, so he could only start four times in 11 appearances (24 tackles, one interception). 	Plays with good recognition from zone. Easy opener to mirror down the field. Has burst and overall speed to run with crossing routes. Has sticky feet and can close on the ball with some suddenness. Special teams standout with 19 tackles over the last three years and eight this season. Might have value as a gunner. Plays speed is NFL-caliber.
								Missed four games due to injury and was benched before the second game of the season and never regained his spot. Despite foot quickness doesn't make as many plays on the ball as expected. Has just three interceptions over three years. Can be big-boyed by physical receivers inside the routes. Allowed entirely too much for catch-and-throw opportunities. Slightly undersized with herky-jerky change of direction.
							
2016	Justin Simmons	2555550	FS	Boston College	Not only is Simmons an all-conference performer for the Eagles, but he's already looking forward to a coaching career after his playing days, working with kids in the Pop Warner program.  He might have to wait a while before keeping a whistle around his neck, however, because of his length and versatility. Simmons started off his collegiate career strong, starting seven games as a true freshman (six at free safety, one at cornerback), making 52 tackles, one interception, and four pass breakups. He stepped back a bit as a sophomore (no starts, 34 tackles, three pass break-ups), but got back into the groove in 2014, starting all 13 games, the first six at free safety, final six at cornerback due to injuries at the position. Simmons actually led the team that season with 76 tackles and two interceptions, while breaking up five passes. He capped off his career with a second team all-conference effort in 2015, leading the team with five interceptions as a full-time starter at free safety.	Effective in "robber" role when called on. Able to process layered routes in front of him and find his fit. Consistent in coverage and reads play development quickly. Has cornerback experience and can handle man coverage against move tight ends and bigger slots. Rangy from center field with length and hands for optimal ball skills and makes plays when he gets there. Will sprint from high to low as soon as he reads run and leverages well to the sideline. Showed improved tackle security from 2014 to 2015. Rarely tries to initiate tackle early. Allowed no broken tackles and just four missed tackles this year. Has talent as a gunner and was used on both punt and kick cover teams.
								Possesses thin, lanky frame that doesn't have much room for additional bulk. Can be dragged for a ride against size when tackling. Hip tightness creates some clunkiness when forced to change directions quickly. Will shut down his deep cover responsibilities prematurely. Becomes spectator rather than participant if he feels like he can?t range to deep balls outside the numbers. As single high safety, can be fooled into over-committing to a side by clever quarterbacks who lead him with false glances.
							
2016	LeShaun Sims	2555551	CB	Southern Utah	Southern Utah is typically not a hotbed of NFL talent. However, Sims joins defensive end James Cowser and safety Miles Killebrew as three draftable prospects in the 2016 class. The corner came from Andre Agassi Prep in Nevada, which was a eight-man football program when he was a freshman. Sims was a third-team All-Big Sky Conference selection as a junior, and has used his size and tenacious nature to intercept six passes and break up 15 others in his first three years. He projects as a press corner at the next level, and will get a chance to show scouts at a postseason all-star game whether he has the speed and change of direction ability to stay in the hop pocket of NFL receivers.	Good height, weight and speed for the position. Added 20 pounds to his frame since coming on campus. Ran a verified 4.41 in the spring. Constant annoyance to receivers getting into their framework with jabs from press and then crowding them throughout their route. Effective worker from press with well-<U+613C><U+3E64>timed opening of hips to run. Has transition quickness downhill to disrupt the catch. Solid mirror and match technique in man cover.
								Faced off against below average receiver quality. Shows some balance issues when attempting to fire downhill from his bail technique. Would like to see more tenacity from him in run support. Is slow to come downhill to attack the run and when he does, has issues getting off the block. Has extremely small hands for a football player measuring under 8 inches.
							
2016	Ryan Smith	2555552	CB	North Carolina Central	Major schools missed on this guy. The Maryland Big School All-State honorable mention pick has been a fixture in the NCCU secondary since arriving on campus, starting at least eight games each season. He tied for the FCS lead with four fumble recoveries as a freshman, while also intercepting three pases and breaking up five others. Smith had two interceptions, three pass breakups as a sophomore, recovering three more fumbles. Although he lacked a pick as a junior, he led the team with seven breakups in 2014. He starred as a senior for the Eagles, garnering second team All-MEAC honors as a cornerback (two INT, nine PBU) and returner (28.1 yards per kick return, one touchdown).   Smith also accomplished something you don?t hear very often; he set the team career record for solo tackles with 168 as a cornerback.	Gets a solid pop in for his initial chuck at the line of scrimmage. Very smooth in his pedal and turn and does a nice job of reading a receiver's "tells" within his route. Quality footwork for mirror and match and sticks to the hip of his man. Plays with good balls skills and consistently turns to find the ball from man. In zone, slides according to quarterback's eyes restricting passing Windows. Works through combo routes and comes out on right side. Not big and strong, but isn?t soft either.
								Needs advanced instincts and to take coverage chances because closing burst is just marginal. Average long speed in the chase. Can be stacked and big-<U+613C><U+3E64>boyed on vertical routes creating difficulties playing the ball. Small hands at the end of his short arms. Acceleration from change of direction is below average. Skinny and will always be challenged by size. Ankle-biter as a tackler.
							
2016	A.J. Stamps	2555553	FS	Kentucky	If Stamps hadn't requested to move to safety after his first year attending East Mississippi Community College, he might not have received a coveted invitation to the 2016 Scouting Combine. He played defensive back and receiver in high school, and played his first year at EMCC at receiver, catching nine passes for 73 yards. His move to safety proved a prosperous one for him and his team, as his seven tackles for loss, four interceptions, and nine pass break-ups helped EMCC win the national junior college title. The nephew of former NFL running back/returner Sylvester Stamps had little issue with the transition to SEC football in 2013, starting all 12 games and leading the Wildcats with four interceptions. Though his pick total decreased to one in 2015, Stamps made 67 tackles and broke up eight passes to cement his position as a legitimate pro prospect.	Former Juco wide receiver who still flashes excellent hands and ball skills. Decent pattern recognition in man coverage. Former cornerback who can line up over the slot. Has 18 passes defensed over two years at Kentucky. Puts extra pepper into hits at catch point when trying to jar ball loose. Responds quickly to what his eyes tell him from coverage. Chooses path to throw that gives him a chance to make a play.
								Wiry build with a frame that may not be able to add good weight. Not always in a hurry to step downhill and mix it up. Scouts question his heart for the physical part of the game. Needs to pursue plays with more consistent motor. Hips hiccup when forced to change direction in coverage. Lacks recovery burst and can get too far behind in coverage. Long speed could be an issue.
							
2016	Cleveland Wallace	2555554	CB	San Jose St.	Wallace intended on going away from home to experience college life in Seattle, playing for the University of Washington after a strong high school career at Oak Grove High School in San Jose. But after a redshirt season (where he won the team's Special Teams Scout Team MVP) and another year as a reserve and special teams player (nine tackles), he transferred to San Jose State to take care of a family issue. The NCAA waived the typical transfer season due to his circumstances, allowing Wallace to garner second team All-Mountain West accolades in his first year as a starter. He tied for seventh nationally with 14 pass breakups that season to go along with 26 tackles and one interception. Wallace and fellow starting corner Jimmy Pruitt both received honorable mention all-conference nods in 2015, both with three interceptions. Wallace broke up eight additional passes on the year and was credited with 44 tackles.	Fluid feet from press and can pedal and mirror receiver throughout the route. Has springs in his hips. Instant gear down and change of direction ability to close out throws. Instinctive with advanced feel for pattern recognition. Credited with 23 passes defensed over last two seasons. Able to change pace of bail coverage to match receiver?s speed and maintain tighter coverage. Lurker from zone looking to pounce on telegraphed throws. Can leap and challenge against size and has enough long speed.
								Atrocious tackler. Lacks necessary size and toughness to finish the job. Failed on 20 percent (broken or missed) of his tackle attempts this year. Thin with very little pop in his pads. Finesse player. Got "big-boyed" several times by BYU's big receivers down the field. Doesn't find ball quickly when matching receiver down the field.
							
2016	D.J. White	2555555	CB	Georgia Tech	White made one of the more impressive plays of the 2014 season when he used his speed to chase down Pitt star running back James Conner on a 74-yard run to knock the ball out just before they reached the end zone. That hustle combined with his ability to make plays in coverage turned White into an honorable mention All-ACC selection in 2014 (team-best four interceptions, eight pass breakups). He played well again as a senior (41 tackles, two interceptions, eight pass breakups), making himself a coveted prospect at a prime position.	Team captain and three-year starter. Patient from press coverage and plays with balance. Disrupts receivers with well-<U+613C><U+3E64>placed jabs. Plays with desired feel for his man throughout the route, working to stay in his pocket. Good short-area quicks to squeeze routes and close on throws. Challenges catch without running through receivers. Good leaper with high-point ability. Instinctive and disciplined. Attacks catch point rather than man when in position. Forced a fumble all four years at Ga Tech. Should not be limited by scheme.
								Needs to get head around earlier with back to the ball. A little clunky flipping hips and changing directions sharply. Recovery speed is very average. Play strength needs improvement to challenge NFL size on perimeter. Waits on receiver after short catch giving away valuable yards after catch rather than attacking downhill. Head ducker in run support and finishes with arm tackles over chest-up approach.
							
2016	Brandon Williams	2555556	CB	Texas A&M	Oklahoma claimed a major recruiting victory by bringing in the five-star, top-20 overall recruit out of Texas. Williams played eight games as a true freshman (219 rush yards), suffering a neck injury in the finale, from which he fully recovered. However, the Sooners' logjam at the running back position and Williams' desire to be closer to his young daughter caused him to transfer to A&M. He attempted to have the NCAA waive the transfer requirement of sitting out a season, but was denied. Williams played a part in the Aggies' offense in 2013 (44-269, one touchdown) and 2014 (379 yards, three touchdowns; 9-65 receiving) before switching to the cornerback position. He wound up starting all 13 games last fall at that position, making 37 tackles, one for loss, and seven pass breakups. The athleticism he showed on defense gave NFL scouts enough to chew on that they pushed for his inclusion in the 2016 NFL Scouting Combine.	Has very good size and overall build for the position. Extremely raw, but has projectable NFL traits. Flashed a quality burst to the ball from his backpedal. Steady and sure tackler with enough mass on his frame to hit and stick to big receivers and running backs coming his way. Blazing straight-line recovery speed. Has potential to be a very good cover man as gunner on punt coverage.
								Has just one season of experience at the position. Learning curve is unpredictable and could be prolonged. Slow to process combo routes and find shifting zone responsibilities. Still learning to sit in receiver's pocket when he's pinned to the sideline. Faster than quick and allows entirely too much separation at this juncture. Stiff in his transition and missing confidence and instincts at this time.
							
2016	Brad Craddock	2555557	K	Maryland	This native Australian (the top Aussie recruit according to special teams expert Chris Sailer) won the Lou Groza Award, AP second team All-American notice, and Big Ten Kicker of the Year awards as a junior after hitting 18 of 19 field goal attempts, including a 57-yarder and a game-winner against Penn State. He also made multiple touchdown-saving tackles on kickoffs. Craddock had shown potential before that, making 21 of 25 field goal attempts in 2013 and contributing as a placekicker and kickoff specialist as a true freshman. Unfortunately, he only played nine games last fall (8-10 on field goals, 22-23 on extra points) as a dislocated bone in his right hand sidelined him for the rest of the year. Adding insult to injury, Craddock's missed tackle resulted in 98-yard touchdown for Wisconsin, who won the game by seven points.	Plus trajectory on his kicks and has never had a field goal or extra point blocked. Field goal accuracy was 80 percent or higher (including 94.7 percent) in every season as kicker. Has athleticism to make touchdown saving tackles and is unafraid to step into the fray. Outstanding mark of 30 for 32 from 30-<U+613C><U+3E64>49 yards over last three seasons. Had a make of 57 yards in 2014.
								Missed final three games with a wrist injury sustained while trying to make a diving tackle. Needs much more hang time on kickoffs. Has a very average kickoff leg and allowed a high percentage of kicks to be returned.
							
2016	Lac Edwards	2555558	P	Sam Houston St.	Edwards is part of the "Australian Invasion", the movement of many colleges to find kickers and punters from Down Under due to their experience in Aussie Rules Football. Not only did Edwards excel in that sport, but also rugby, cricket, and track and field at Ballarat University in 2012. He shared punting duties in his first year in the United States in 2013, averaging 42.3 yards on 31 punts, forcing 10 fair catches and placing 13 inside the 20 yard-line. Edwards took the starting job by the reins the following year, earning first-team All-Southland Conference honors and FCS All-American notice (44.1 average, 22 fair catches, 28 inside the 20 versus just five touchbacks). His gross average dipped in 2015 (41.5) but Edwards still received second-team All-Southland notice by placing 31-of-74 kicks inside the 20 and forcing 19 fair catches.	Good size for the position. Discovered while kicking in a park in Australia. Has enough leg to post NFL-caliber hang times. Despite arrival from Australia, is not a rugby style punter. For his career has dropped 38.9 percent of his punts inside 20-yard line.
								Team had no deep field goal kicker so he was used for several pooch punts. Teams unsure about consistent ability to boom punts out of his own end zone to flip the field.
							
2016	Tom Hackett	2555559	P	Utah	After an outstanding senior season, Hackett became the second punter to twice win the Ray Guy Award as the nation's top punter, joining current New England Patriots punter Ryan Allen in that feat. The Australia native finished second in the FBS with a 47.95-yard gross average in 2015, just 0.05 under the top mark. The first-team AP All-American and All-Pac-12 pick planted 28 of his 61 kicks inside the 20-yard line, and forced 21 fair catches in his final year. His junior year was equally spectacular, as he received consensus All-American status averaging 46.7 per kick, and led the nation with 36 punts inside the 20 (36) and inside the 10 (19). Hackett had been pretty good in his first year as the full-time punter as well, earning first-team All-Pac-12 honors (43.4 average, 27 inside the 20, 19 fair catches). 	Landed 45.9 percent of his punts inside the 20-yard line. Two time winner of the Ray Guy award. Base punts for touch and can land a flat bouncing punt inside the five. Finished with 22 percent of his punts inside the 10-yard line. Produced consistent results at Utah and is beloved on team.
								Primarily rugby style punter with limited exposure as base punter. Scouts unable to get accurate hang time from him because of his punting style. Is a little slow with his snap-to-<U+613C><U+3E64>punt time.
							
2016	Marshall Koehn	2555560	K	Iowa	Koehn (pronounced CANE) was more than a kicker playing for a four-time state champion in Solon, Iowa. He was a receiver (22-298, two TD) and defensive back (seven INT) as well as using his big leg to pound the ball through the uprights (and through the end zone on most kickoffs).  He also excelled at soccer and baseball (winning two state titles there, as well), while lettering twice in wrestling (an Iowa high school athletic staple). Koehn walked on to the Hawkeyes, and then waited for three years (redshirting 2011) to get this chance before breaking through in 2014, converting 12-of-16 field goal attempts (with a long of 52 yards) and all 38 extra point tries. Koehn improved his field goal conversion rate as a senior (16-20, 80 percent) and made 47-of-53 point-afters while making his only attempt from 50-plus yards out (57) in a second-team All-Big Ten season. His leg strength was especially evident on kickoffs, as he forced touchbacks on an impressive 63 percent of his kickoffs during the past two years. 	Nailed a 57-<U+613C><U+3E64>yard field goal at the gun to defeat Pitt in Week 3. Made 12-of-15 from 40 yards and beyond at Iowa. Has enough leg to kick long attempts with desired trajectory. Never had a kickoff go out of bounds in 147 tries. Athletic and willing to tackle.
								Inconsistent kickoff depth allowing too many returns. Tends to work ball from right to left like a golf shot. Tied for national lead with six missed extra points in 2015. Including extra points, missed some chip shots where it appeared to become mental.
							
2016	Nick O'Toole	2555561	P	West Virginia	Specialists are often known for being a bit eccentric, and O'Toole lives up to that description. His big leg and handlebar mustache earned him the nickname "Boomstache" early in his WVU career, and his long beard in the Duck Dynasty mold eventually received just as much attention. But his punting skills are what NFL scouts care about, as they look for the next NFL punter coming out of Morgantown (Todd Sauerbrun, Pat McAfee). O?Toole went to Fullerton College for one year out of high school, then transferred to WVU where he quickly established himself among the top punters  in the nation with a second-team All-Big 12 performance in 2013 (44.1 gross average, 22 punts inside the 20 yard-line, 23 fair catches forced). His punting average dropped in 2014 to 41.8 yards per punt, but that was more a function of his kicks not reaching the end zone (24 of 57 punts inside the 20, just two touchbacks, along with 21 fair catches) than anything else.  O'Toole finished in the top ten nationally in gross average as a senior (45.4) while receiving first-team All-Big 12 accolades. His touchback total increased quite a bit (15) but he still placed 25 of 71 kicks inside the 20 and forced 18 fair catches.	Big punter with good athleticism. Ran for fake punt first down on fourth-and-12. Base punter who averaged 45.1 yards per punt with a quality hang time of 4.06 seconds in 2015. Posted quick snap<U+613C><U+3E64>-to-punt time in every year he punted. Only had two games all season without a punt of at least 51 yards. Has a sweet nickname (was "Boomstache" in 2014 and "Boombeard" in 2015).
								Had three punts returned for touchdowns in 2014. Had surprising issues with accuracy and touch this season. Saw his touchback total jump from 3 percent last season to almost 21 percent this year.
							
2016	Mike Thomas	2555562	WR	Southern Miss	NA	Plays like his hair is on fire. Posted eye<U+613C><U+3E64>-opening production in 2015. Motor is always in the red and brings enthusiasm and urgency to the field. Has good size, but plays even bigger. Able to play through contact and still make difficult, contested catches. Confidence took off as season progressed. Doesn't have blazing speed but hit explosive play after explosive play. Good leaper with great body control to win high percentage of 50-50 balls. Good hand fighter down the sideline. Will drain every yard he can get out of every catch.
								Average athlete inside first 10 yards. Hip tightness limits sink into and out of breaks and routes can be very raw. JUCO transfer who played just two years of FBS football. Easy target to tag for press corners. Needs to vary approach and tempo of press release. Drop rate of 10.1 percent due to focus issues. Struggles creating separation at top of his routes versus tight man coverage. Needs more commitment as run blocker.
							
2017	Adam Bisnowaty	2557834	OT	Pittsburgh	One of the top 20 offensive tackle prospects in the country according to recruiting services, Bisnowaty decided to stay in-state to play his college ball. As a redshirt freshman, he started eight games at left tackle, missing the final four contests because of a back injury. BIsnowaty manned the blind side for 10 games in 2014 and 12 in 2015, when he was named first-team All-ACC by league coaches. He missed one game in each of those seasons with an ankle injury. Bisnowaty repeated the first-team accolades as a senior, playing every game at the left tackle spot for the Panthers.	Well-built with proportional frame. Length is average, but his attention to arm extension helps make the most of it. Possesses good upper-body strength and his pass punch has some snap to it. Aggressively passes off twisting defensive ends to his guard. Does a good job of thumping at initial contact as run blocker. Rolls hips up under him after contact as a base blocker. Controlled climber to second level with a wide base. Wrestler in high school. Brawler with a mean streak. Able to exchange power for power if defender challenges him in a phone booth. Gets into his kick slide with good weight distribution.
								Has missed time in each of his first three seasons with injuries to his ankle twice and back once. Limited bender with stiffness in his lower half. Unable to unlock hips and gain necessary ground in his pass sets. Lack of slide depth against speedy edge rushers forces him to open gate early and lunge. Appeared much more plodding in 2016 compared to his junior season. Struggles to change direction and unable to redirect weight back inside consistently enough to cut off inside moves. Able to get out into space but has a low connection percentage beyond line of scrimmage. Pad level way too high. Rarely able to get across the face of his opponent when zone blocking.
							
2017	Bryan Cox Jr.	2557835	DE	Florida	The son of three-time Pro Bowl linebacker Bryan Cox had an up-and-down career with the Gators. After playing a reserve role as a freshman (eight games, five tackles, two sacks), he won a starting job in 2014 (29 tackles, six for loss, four sacks). Despite having hip surgery after the regular season that year, Cox came back to start 12 games as a junior, setting career highs in tackles (45), tackles for loss (10.5), sacks (3.5) and forced fumbles (two). Injuries limited his effectiveness in 2016, allowing him to only make 19 tackles (2.5 for loss, 0.5 sack) in 11 games. His favorite team to play against was Tennessee, as he had five tackles for loss and three sacks against the Volunteers in 2014, and a career-high nine tackles this fall.	Has experience playing with a hand down and standing up. Will surprise with how quickly he fires out of his stance. Possesses natural upper-body strength to set a strong edge and constrict his gap against the run. Physical-play demeanor will bear more fruit with improved hands. Can cave down offensive tackles who try and wall him off. Heavy tackler who doesn't seem to mind scrapping in tight quarters. Runs feet through his tackles. Not a content pass rusher and is constantly searching for an opening. His spin move has potential. Much more productive season in 2015 when he was fully healthy.
								Upright attacker with limited knee bend and some hip stiffness. Sluggish lateral foot quickness and change of direction. Hand work needs to improve. Can be a little slow to punch, allowing defenders into his frame and minimizing his length. Aggressive with hands but needs more efficiency to his work. Doesn't create fear in tackles as rusher off the edge. Lacks cohesive rush plan. Put on skates when trying to corner the edge and can be run way past the arc.
							
2017	Larry Ogunjobi	2557836	DT	North Carolina Charlotte	The son of Nigerian immigrants, Olumide "Larry" Ogunjobi (Oh-ghun-JOE-bee) took up football as a high school sophomore. He finished his career there as an all-Greensboro area pick, earning a scholarship from a home-state university in Charlotte that was starting a football program. Ogunjobi started every game in the school's history and led the team in tackles for loss in each of his four seasons. He wore an honorary number 49 jersey for the 49ers in their first-ever game in 2013, finishing the year with 42 tackles, 9.5 tackles for loss, and 2.5 sacks. Ogunjobi excelled in his sophomore (48 tackles, 11.5 TFL, five sacks) and junior years (62 tackles, 14.5 TFL, 2.5 sacks), even earning second-team All-Conference USA honors in 2015. In 2016, Ogunjobi was a first-team All-Conference USA selection as he accumulated 65, tackles, and led his team with 13.5 stops for loss and three sacks.	Low center of gravity with impressive power coursing through his hips. Wins race against blockers for first hands on opponent. Fires out of his stance and into blockers with coiled hips and a wallop in his punch. Strikes with leverage. Able to dislodge blockers with anchor issues. Plus athletic ability to mirror ball carrier once he locks in on target. Has speed to chase runners in space. Can set a strong edge or penetrate upfield. Makes impact tackles on the other side of the line. Hands are fast and powerful. Has strength and balance to fight through redirect blocks and maintain his journey to the quarterback. Uses powerful right-hand club to bat away blocker's punch and slide over the top and into the backfield. Constantly improving position as a pass rusher and can be a handful for a less-skilled pass protector. Pushes the pocket with his bull rush. Spends very little time on the ground. Intelligent; four straight years on Athletic Director's Honor Roll.
								Very average build for an interior player. Has continued to add weight while at Charlotte but likely needs a few more pounds. Below-average arm length makes it essential for him to get into blocker first. Will get big-boyed occasionally. Big guards with length able to disrupt his rhythm and alter his plans. Gets in a hurry when he smells a sack and will overrun target at times. Would benefit with more disciplined pursuit angles in space.
							
2017	Reuben Foster	2557837	LB	Alabama	Alabama's star inside linebacker started his ascension to elite prospect status last summer when he lost 20 pounds. His newfound speed and agility, while keeping his trademark aggression and instincts, made him a unanimous first-team All-American and All-SEC pick. Foster also won the Butkus Award as the nation's top linebacker and was a finalist for the Bednarik Award, leading the Tide with 115 tackles, 13 for which went for losses including five sacks. He won the SEC Championship MVP, as well (11 tackles, 2.5 for loss, two sacks). Foster was a starter as a junior (73 tackles, eight TFL, two sacks, nine pass break-ups) after two seasons as a key reserve MIKE linebacker and special teams ace (12 tackles in 2013; 22 tackles, two TFL in 2014).	Alpha mentality with ferocious hitting style that puts offensive skill positions on alert. Outstanding athlete with springy, reactive feet. Lost 15 pounds in off-season, which gave him more speed and explosiveness. Loose hips and long stride allows him to open and chase immediately. Has elite sideline-to-sideline range. Tough as nails. Brings swagger to a linebacking corps. Never passive and always means it. Willing to take his shots downhill and into gaps. Lands strong warning blows on climbing guards early in the game. Coverage ability is an asset. Logged 10 passes defensed in 2015. Can carry long speed against running backs on wheel routes and nine routes. Has worked to improve tackling technique, which has yielded higher success rate of finishes.
								Instincts are just average. Overly reliant on speed and athleticism over instincts and feel. Can be a tick slow to respond to play-action. Inconsistent defeating blocks. Too eager to take on everyone at the point of attack. Gets shoulder covered up firing into incoming blockers. Needs to improve stack and shed technique to keep himself clean. Will drop his head at times as tackler. Poor tackling technique led to "stinger" issues early in his career.
							
2017	Jon Heck	2557838	OT	North Carolina	NA	Hulking tackle with long arms and legs. Massive frame allows him to envelop smaller edge rushers. When hes able to get arm extension into opponents in his pass sets, they struggle to recover from it. Finds ways to block opponents. Plays under control and seems to understand his weaknesses. Play balance is adequate.
								Knock-kneed. Slow and plodding in all his movements. Slow with low strike percentage against second-level linebackers. Doesn't take long for weight to shift too far outside in his pass slides. Uses narrow shuffle with feet too close together in pass pro. Hands are soft and sloppy. Leaky at his edge with inability to consistently redirect NFL talent. Pad level is poor and speed-to-power rushers are his nemesis.
							
2017	Dawuane Smoot	2557839	DE	Illinois	Looking at Smoot now, you'd never guess he competed in the hurdles at the USA Track and Field Junior Olympics. Dawuane (pronounced dun-WON) was a 215-pound end coming to Champaign, playing in seven games (eight tackles, one sack) as a true freshman. He added 40 pounds to his frame before his sophomore year, and that extra heft made him a more powerful player as a reserve in all 13 games (33 tackles, 7.5 for loss, 2.5 sacks). His game took another step forward in 2015, as he was named honorable mention All-Big Ten as a 12-game starter. He had 40 tackles, 15 for loss, eight sacks, and three forced fumbles on the year. Smoot was a team captain and a third-team all-conference pick in his senior season, being credited with 56 stops, 15 for loss, and five sacks.	Well-conditioned with willing motor to pursue across the field. Strong closing burst closes out quarterbacks in the pocket and running backs down the line of scrimmage. Acclaimed high school hurdler with plus agility, loose hips and nimble feet. Works to stay ahead of reach blocks and contain the edge. Able to knife through gaps and create disruption in backfield. Uses dip and rip when he senses he can turn the corner. Speed-to-power ability when given a runway. Good lateral quickness and would benefit from twisting scheme that allows him to operate in space. Able to redirect suddenly. Can play with hand in the ground or standing. Takes swipes at the ball; forced four fumbles over last two seasons at Illinois. Played for defensive guru Lovie Smith in 2016.
								Needs to improve skill level and become more consistent with hands as a pass rusher. Average upfield burst to challenge the edge. Face-up rusher with issues cornering edge with snug turn. Rushes without much of a plan and relatively few counter attacks. Was swallowed up by North Carolina right tackle Jon Heck, an inferior athlete. Needs more sand in his pants. Struggles to set a hard edge and can be kicked out by quality tackles. Not enough wins against man-to-man matchups. Very small hands for the position.
							
2017	Chidobe Awuzie	2557840	CB	Colorado	Pro corner Nnamdi Asomugha is a family friend of Awuzie (ah-wooz-yeh), but his style of play would make you think he's a relation. He made an immediate impact as a freshman, starting seven games, making 59 tackles, five for loss, and breaking up four passes. Awuzie was leading the team in tackles with 64 through nine games in 2014 (along with two interceptions, eight pass breakups), but missed the end of the year with a lacerated kidney suffered in practice. Healthy again in 2015, he was a second-team All-Pac 12 pick starting mostly at the nickel spot (90 tackles, nine for loss, four sacks, two INT, 10 pass breakups). Awuzie was second-team all-conference again as a senior (65 tackles, six for loss, one INT, 12 PBU), joining two other members of the Buffaloes' secondary on that squad.	Fluid, controlled steps with easy change of direction allows for extended mirroring from press. Decent jam to disrupt. Carries smooth backpedal downfield with excellent mirror-and-match footwork in man coverage. Digests route combinations from zone and makes wise choices. Athletic with suddenness in his movements. Springy feet allow for abrupt click and close to the throw. Opens and swivels hips for desired transition in all directions. Experienced outside and from slot. Able to maintain coverage on shifty slot receivers. Instinctive with feel for route development. Possesses short-area closing burst. Confident on an island. Finds receiver on deep balls and gets head turned around. Dangerous slot blitzer with seven sacks over final two seasons at Colorado.
								Short strider who is quicker than fast. Appears to lack long, recovery speed if beaten over top. Feels smaller than his listed size. Can be handsy down the field with pulls and tugs that turn into flags as a pro. Managed just three interceptions in college. Run support is lacking. Could use more aggressiveness and commitment when stepping downhill to tackle. Passes on the big hit and allows tight ends and big receivers to power through tackle attempts.
							
2017	Tim Williams	2557841	DE	Alabama	Alabama's defense could have lost several starters after their national championship title run in 2015, but Williams, Jonathan Allen, and Eddie Jackson stuck around Tuscaloosa for another go. Williams was expected to climb up draft boards with a strong senior season because of his athleticism and strength, given that he would be a full-time starter for the Tide. He didn't quite meet that expectation, though, as he started only two games in 2016. Williams was a second-team Associated Press All-American and All-SEC pick, however, as he made 31 tackles, 16 for loss, and had nine sacks on the year (no solo sacks in the season's final five games). That sack number actually decreased from the year before, as he had 10.5 as a pass-rush specialist among his 12.5 tackles for loss. In his first two years on campus, Williams was a reserve defender that played in 19 games total (three tackles, one for loss in 2013; five tackles, 1.5 sacks in 2014). The Baton Rouge native reportedly failed multiple drug tests during his time with Alabama, but was never suspended. He did, however, sit for the first half of the team's game against Kentucky in 2016 after being arrested on a misdemeanor gun charge.	Muscle fibers are tight and twitchy. Rockets out of stance like a track sprinter, but with shoulder pads on. True edge bending ability as a rusher. Pass-rush approach is more sophisticated than he is given credit for. Can win outside or inside making every rush a potential two-way go. Shows good feel for the pass-rush arc and understands when to attack the corner. Able to dip shoulder and pivot under and around an offensive tackle and into the quarterback. Hand usage well-timed as a rusher. Primarily a rusher but showed continuing improvement in technique at the point of attack. Should post impressive straight-line speed at the combine. Plus foot quickness with the smoothness to drop into coverage and operate in space on zone blitzes.
								Scouts say he struggles with Alabama scheme and needs to have things simplified. Can be taken advantage of with screen passes and misdirection. Has sinewy build that resembles a move tight end more than an NFL edge rusher. Arms and chest lack thickness and that shows up in his play strength. Is improving as edge-setter but he still needs work. Would benefit from a stronger initial punch. Athletic tackles with a well-timed punch can stymie his rush plans. Needs to do better job of getting set pre-snap. Has some hip tightness that limits his stride length upfield and laterally.
							
2017	Daeshon Hall	2557842	DE	Texas A&M	NA	Has experience at wide-9, 5-technique and as an outside linebacker. Frame filled out at a rapid rate over last few seasons at A&M. Coaches believe he can add and sustain even more muscle. Has length and average quickness to dart into gaps and breach the flow of the play. Has tools to become better edge setter with more strength. One year of defensive line play makes him moldable for NFL coaches. Has decent bend-and-rip rush move. Has shown ability to get skinny and wedge between double-team blocks. Flexible upper body along with coordinated work between hands and feet suggest future improvements as interior rusher. Effort player who hustles his way into tackles.
								Still learning to play lower and drop anchor at the point of attack. Will get bounced around and widened out of the gap by size. Needs weight work to supplement average contact balance. Washed down by redirect blocks too easily. Needs to become more commanding and authoritative with his hands. Pad level too high and too welcoming for opposing blockers. Appears to have lost a little foot quickness with addition of weight over final two college seasons. Needs to prove he has toughness to play as a 3-4 defensive end.
							
2017	Quincy Adeboyejo	2557843	WR	Mississippi	Adeboyejo (add-ah-BOY-joe) was one of the top 50 recruits from Texas coming to Oxford for 2013. He got on the field pretty quickly as a freshman, playing in every game and starting twice (7-81, one touchdown on the year). His role grew as a sophomore, catching 26 passes for 313 yards and two scores in 13 games (five starts). Adeboyejo accumulated comparable numbers in his junior (38-604, seven TD) and senior (35-456, one TD) years, starting 20 games between the two seasons but never really being the primary target.	Height and speed are appealing. Operated outside and from the slot at Ole Miss. Has access to another gear. On go routes, uses basic head nods and jab steps to create hesitation in defensive backs before racing past them. Has been able to get over the top of most defenders he's faced. Coaches compliment his on-field intelligence. Three-time honor roll student off the field. Combination of quick feet and long strides provide opportunities for big catch-and-run plays on the next level.
								Hands are inconsistent. Will try to cradle contested jump balls rather than snatching. Play strength is below par. Doesn't take much of a jam to redirect him in his routes. Has to learn to stack defensive backs and maintain position once he's on top of them vertically. Routes were mostly basic and lacking in technique. Ball tracking a work in progress. Lacks suddenness to operate as typical NFL slot receiver. Will need time to develop skill-set on next level.
							
2017	Jonathan Allen	2557844	DE	Alabama	Allen won the 2016 Chuck Bednarik and Bronco Nagurski Award as the nation's top defender on the nation's top defense in 2016 (69 tackles, 16 TFL, led team with 10.5 sacks). He repeated as first-team All-SEC following an excellent junior year where he finished second in the SEC with 12 sacks (14.5 TFL, 4 PBU). The 2012 Virginia Gatorade High School Player of the Year contributed early in his first year, playing regularly as a freshman reserve (16 tackles, three TFL) and then stepped into the starting lineup as a sophomore (11.5 TFL, 5.5 sacks).	Taken to school by Alabama coaching staff and is technically proficient in all phases. Plays outside and inside. Quick off the ball. Superior hand-grappler who can control the wrists and forearms of his opponents with accurate hand placement over wild chops and slaps. Varied approach as a pass rusher. Excellent athletic ability and possesses flexible hips. Able to coordinate hands, feet, and hips to climb over the edge against tackles. Has play strength and quickness to rip through the weak inside post of a guard. Can club with either hand to soften the edge of a blocker. Has posted consistent quarterback pressure and sack numbers despite playing in less than half of the defensive snaps. Alert against the run. Quick to diagnose the mesh point against zone reads and gives chase to the ball. Strong on the edge. Has speed down the line to close down back-side cuts. Feet never seem to stop. Vocal leader willing to give strong corrections to teammates in practice. Came to Alabama as an outside linebacker and runs like it when he's in the open field.
								Lacking the height teams look for from defensive ends. Not very long and could struggle to win the race for hand positioning against long NFL tackles. Found himself engulfed by linemen with mass from time to time. A move inside could require more bulk on his bones. Not built to take on double-team blocks for a living. Doesn't possess lateral quickness and twitch to contain speedy running backs from getting the corner when he's at defensive end. Teams utilizing one-gap scheme could question his lack of tackles on other side of the line. Might have benefitted by playing along so much NFL talent up front.
							
2017	Jaleel Johnson	2557845	DT	Iowa	Johnson grew up in Brooklyn, but his parents sent him to live with an aunt in Chicago for his high school years -- a move likely to be paid off with a long NFL career. He had to wait a while before getting significant playing time due to Iowa's depth in the interior defensive line. Johnson redshirted in 2012, played in seven games as a reserve the following season (one tackle), and then had 11 tackles, 2.5 for loss, as a reserve in 2014. Given the starting role as a junior, Johnson garnered honorable mention All-Big Ten honors (45 tackles, 5.5 for loss, four sacks). He stepped up his game in 2016, being named first-team all-conference after doing something rare for an interior lineman -- leading his team with 10 tackles for loss and 7.5 sacks.	Has good foot quickness and a plus motor. Early bird into the neutral zone off the snap. Accelerates into blockers with forceful punch at point of attack. Maximizes his length. Uses one-arm jab and long-arm push to disengage from blockers and generate a bull rush. Loose hips and flexible upper body are play-making tools. Plays with good energy and gives you what he's got. Won't catch him leaning on blocks for a rest. Hands and feet are in constant concert to improve positioning and defeat run or pass blocks. Rushes with both effort and skill. Always working to the edge of a blocker with quick feet and violent hands. Change-of-direction talent creates difficulties for plodding guards. Had one of his finest games in upset over third-ranked Michigan.
								Too upright at point of attack. Narrow base and elevated pad level create issues for him against double teams. Might not have the anchor necessary to operate inside a two-gap scheme. Contact balance is below average. Unable to consistently fight back against a quality down block. Is a little soft around the middle and lacking thickness through arms. Limited number of tackles for loss. Can be a little slow to recognize screen passes.
							
2017	Dalvin Tomlinson	2557846	DT	Alabama	Tomlinson is no typical SEC defensive lineman. He could have gone to Harvard based on his academic abilities, but chose Alabama as a four-star recruit because of their success on the gridiron. Both of his parents have passed away, and is motivated by the words and action of his mother on a daily basis. Tomlinson was a three-time heavyweight wrestling champion in high school, and was a goalie on the soccer team. He tore his ACL playing soccer in his senior year, though, and had to redshirt his first year in Tuscaloosa. Finally on the field in 2013, he tore his other ACL in his only game (four tackles). Tomlinson played end in 14 games as a reserve in 2014 (22 tackles, 5.5 for loss, two sacks) and as the top back-up for the 2015 national champions (34 tackles, six pass breakups). He had his best season statistically for the Tide as a senior (62 stops, 5.5 TFL, three sacks, four PBU) as Nick Saban used him inside and outside on the team's multiple-look defense.	Good arm length with power in his large hands. Fires jarring punch into blockers quickly and is in control of the rep. Has good feel for double teams. Broad, powerful hips and strong post leg helps him drop anchor against down blocks. Awareness and power helps him constrict his gaps. Maintains two-gap responsibility until it's time to tackle. Doesn't linger on blocks long. Stacks and sheds with consistency. Locates ball quickly. Recognizes run-direction tendency from certain formations. Long, lateral step allows him to get head-start on blocker and prevent being reached. Quality motor and effort. Chases outside his area like he expects to make the play. Willing to do dirty work in Alabama's twisting defensive scheme. Does outstanding job of occupying both blockers on twists. Active hands in passing lane to bat down passes.
								Only one season playing more than 45 percent of team's defensive snaps. Is surrounded by upper-echelon prospects, which eases attention on him. Slow-twitch defender who lacks quickness into neutral zone off the snap. Most pass-rush success comes via twists and games up front. Not a threat to beat interior pass protection with rush moves. Makes predictable pass-rush charges and doesn't garner enough pocket push as bull rusher.
							
2017	Kendell Beckwith	2557847	ILB	LSU	The Louisiana native was the second Beckwith to earn all-conference honors as a linebacker with the Tigers, with cousin Darry winning second team honors twice during his career (2005-2008). His brother, Wendell, also plays in-state as a defensive end for Tulane. The top-100 national recruit was rewarded with playing time as a true freshman despite the team's depth at the position (11 tackles, including a strip-sack against Florida). Beckwith started seven games as a sophomore, taking over the middle linebacker spot (77 stops, 7.5 for loss, two sacks). He kept that job throughout 2015, ranking second on the team with 84 tackles (10 for loss, 3.5 sacks). Scouts really took notice with his play as a senior, though, as he picked up first-team All-SEC notice. He was leading the team with 91 tackles, six for loss, before tearing his left ACL against Florida.	Big throwback frame with ability to bang between the tackles. Has experience in the middle with both 3-4 and 4-3 schemes. Takes well-reasoned paths to the ball. Won't get caught rushing downhill without a plan. Will down into guards as pre-emptive strike before they combo up to him. Maintains his run fits and leverages his gap with an aggressive forearm shiver to short-pulling guards and isolation blockers. Hands are quick with some shock. Can unlock a surprising closing burst to close out on the perimeter. Eyes are disciplined. Good read and respond but plays the game with patience. Body control a plus. Won't always be pretty but he gets guys tackled. Awareness in space and overall football IQ is above average. Able to find receivers working through his coverage area. Reads quarterback's eyes helping him drift toward targets.
								Inconsistent taking on second-level blocks. Is good with his hands but will default to run around or "ol<U+653C><U+3E39>" approaches at times. Athleticism and agility are very average. Could struggle playing sideline to sideline. Has some straight-line burst but takes awhile to unlock hips and chase to the sideline. Plays way too tall. High center of gravity slows his ability to redirect. Missed tackle total too high over last three years. Pad level hinders ability to break down in space and change direction to wrangle shifty running backs. Stiffness in space could spell doom if asked to cover backs out of the backfield. Torn ACL in bowl preparation will damage his stock.
							
2017	Corey Davis	2557848	WR	Western Michigan	The 2016 Mid-American Conference Offensive Player of the Year is the all-time leader in major college football in receiving yards (5,285). From Day 1, Davis was a great target for the Broncos despite being just a two-star recruit out of Illinois with a rough childhood and academic issues. He was the MAC Freshman of the Year in 2013 (67-941, six TDs), and then was named first-team all-conference for the first of three times in 2014 by leading the conference with 1,408 yards and 15 touchdowns (ranking third in the FBS). Davis was among the nation's leading receivers as a junior (90-1,436, 12 TDs) before garnering first-team All-American honors in 2016 by ranking in the top 10 in the three major receiving categories -- 97 catches (eighth), 1,500 yards (seventh), 19 touchdowns (tied-first).	Outstanding four-year production. Alpha attitude on the field and not afraid to take on the challenge of heavy target load. Excellent competitiveness. Focuses like a laser when ball is in the air. Tracks the deep ball as well as anyone in college and understands how to stack cornerbacks and keep them on his hip. Has second gear to run under the long ball. Excels in intermediate and deep parts of the field. Route running showed improvement in 2016. Variable route speed creates indecision for defenders. Vertical routes are crisp and create tilt in off-corners and safeties that he is quick to take advantage of. Play speed features access to functional burst. Can defeat inside leverage. A quarterback's friend who works aggressively back to the ball. Dominates in red zone. High-point catcher who uses well-timed leaps and long arms to win the 50-50 throws. Increases physicality and acceleration out of routes when operating near paydirt.
								Doesn't always sell his vertical routes aggressively enough to make cornerbacks open their hips. Drifts, at times, on in-breaking routes, allowing defenders to squeeze the route. Needs to improve quickness into and out of his breaks underneath. Elongated into breaks when working from slot. Has had some issues with focus drops on throws outside of his frame. Had 16 drops over last three years at Western. Free releases into his routes in college will turn into stern press challenges in the pros. Wasn't asked to do much meaningful blocking.
							
2017	Jon Toth	2557849	C	Kentucky	Toth (pronounced TOETH) is a bit of Renaissance Man, a mechanical engineering major and fluent Spanish-speaker who just happens to have been one of the top centers in college football the past couple of seasons. He redshirted in his first year in Lexington, played as a back-up in the first game of his freshman season, and then started the next 48 games in the pivot over the next four years. Toth was a SEC All-Freshman squad selection in 2013, and capped his career with a first-team all-conference effort in 2016, helping the Wildcats get to their first bowl game since 2010.	Four-year starter in competitive SEC. Good size and bulk. Understands his physical limitations and plays to his strengths. Fits into blocks with good body control and at a leveraged strike position. Unlocks hips at contact on down blocks to pin defender and present a running lane. Generates power from his lower half. Held his own against formidable Alabama defensive front. Utilizes efficient, compact punch. Has good hand strength to snatch and engage. Operates with plus hand placement, and willing to re-set hands to improve positioning when necessary. Able to control shoulder and steer opponent away from the hole. Good arm length for a center. Looks for work in pass protection and has enough anchor to thwart a bull rush.
								Marginal athlete. Plays with heavy feet and below-average lateral quickness. Could struggle with sudden redirects inside to catch blitzers and twisters. Struggles to mirror athletic, interior rushers in pass pro. Labors to recover once beaten. Snap-to-step quickness is very average. Effectiveness wanes beyond line of scrimmage. Has some hip stiffness which causes him to rely on leaning over bending. A little slow in his climb to second level.
							
2017	De'Angelo Henderson	2557850	RB	Coastal Carolina	Henderson's career at Coastal got delayed a bit while the NCAA reviewed his academic eligibility. South Carolina's leading rusher in 2010 enrolled in 2011 and redshirted in 2012. Since then, he's set most of the school rushing records and several NCAA marks, despite missing three games in 2016 with a shoulder injury. He scored in 35 straight games, setting the Division I record by falling just shy of Danny Woodhead's NCAA All-Division mark that he set at Chadron State. Henderson started four of 15 games played as a freshman (82-599, six TD rushing; 4-39 receiving) before breaking out in 2014. He was a first-team All-Big South pick that year, ranking ninth in the FCS in rushing yards and seventh in rushing scores (234-1,534, 20 TD rushing; 33-289, TD receiving). Henderson was a third-team Associated Press All-American in 2015, as well as Big South Offensive Player of the Year, with 1,346 yards on 222 carries and 16 touchdowns rushing (40-403, three TD receiving). His totals were down a bit in 2016 because of the injury (183-1,156, 16 TD rushing; 20-190, two TD receiving), though he set career highs in rushing yards per game (128.4).	Has access to an accelerator that gets him around the corner or through the line of scrimmage quickly. Ran a verified 4.49 40 in early 2016. Runs bigger than his listed size. Unafraid to drop the pad level and get it on with would-be tackler. Powerful lower body with balanced base to maintain his feet despite a big hit from an angle. Willing worker between tackles. Runs through initial contact and makes tacklers work for it. Decisive runner. Low center of gravity with sudden, one-cut ability. Prolific at scoring touchdowns. At his best in space. Good pass catcher with long speed and open-field shiftiness to hit the big play out of the backfield. Able to adjust his body to poorly thrown balls. Adequate pass-protection skills.
								Needs to develop better patience between the tackles. Appears to make decisions to grind forward a little too early at times. His creativity as a runner can be a little inconsistent. Has the feet to make defenders miss but doesn't always do it. Squared-up runner who lacks slipperiness to get through tight crevices. Needs work on consistency and technique in pass protection. Doesn't have size to continue taking on tacklers as often as he does at next level. Outstanding production came at lower level of competition.
							
2017	Ryan Glasgow	2557851	DT	Michigan	Ryan hopes to follow in the footsteps of his brother, Graham, who is a starting guard for the Detroit Lions as a rookie. He took a step in that direction by garnering second-team All-Big Ten notice and the team's Defensive Lineman of the Year in his final season (39 tackles, 9.5 for loss, four sacks). Glasgow was just happy to return to the field after missing the end of his junior year with a torn pectoral muscle (nine starts, 25 tackles, five for loss). He was a starter in 2014, as well (22 tackles, four for loss) following two years without much playing time (redshirted in 2012, two tackles in 11 games in 2013).	Former walk-on with hard-hat demeanor. Willing fighter in trenches and refuses to give blockers a snap off. From football family. Big brother, Graham, starred at Michigan and now plays for Lions. Muscular and rugged with no bad weight on his frame. Has power in his upper body and uses a powerful club move along with a pull-and-shuck technique to get rid of blockers. Technician as interior run defender. Plays with wide base and good balance. Shows feel for double teams and braces quickly against them. Powerful, heavy tackler. Has arm length and power to lock out blockers in a two-gap scheme. Has strength to force his way past redirect blocks. Comes from a competitive family background and has excelled beyond expectations.
								Could use more pure mass in lower body to withstand double teams inside. True NFL power across from him could limit his effectiveness. Not a natural knee bender, which limits his athletic movements in tight quarters and as a pass rusher. Square-shoulder playing style will limit his ability to disrupt at NFL level. Lacks pass-rush talent and skill set. Needs more violence and activity from his hands as a rusher. Unlikely to be on the field on third downs as a pro.
							
2017	Connor Harris	2557852	ILB	Lindenwood	Some guys are born to play football. Harris was a lightly-recruited player whose only FBS scholarship offer (Kansas) came after he committed to the Lions. Now, he's the NCAA All-Division record holder with 633 career tackles. The first-team All-American and 2016 Cliff Harris Award award winner as the top defender in Divisions II, III and NAIA was a three-time first-team All-Midwest Intercollegiate Athletic Association (MIAA) pick. Harris was an honorable mention All-MIAA selection as a true freshman (126 tackles, eight for loss, four pass breakups), but then had to redshirt the 2013 season with a shoulder injury (33 tackles in three games). He was a captain for the first of three seasons in 2014 (152 tackles, 4.5 TFL, two interceptions), and the conference Co-Defensive Player of the Year as a junior with 184 tackles, 12.5 for loss, and seven pass breakups. He capped his career by setting the tackles record and winning numerous All-American honors (138 stops, 8.5 TFL, two INT -- one for a score). Harris also contributed as a running back (50-328, seven TD) and punter (38.8 average, six downed inside the 20-yard line in 2016) during his career.	Voracious appetite for tape. Elite tackle production. Tremendous leadership traits. Instinctive with immediate response to keys. Can race ahead of linemen. Has instant stop/start quickness and change of direction ability. Always attacking downhill. Looks to attack blockers early to disrupt the timing of the run play. Played quarterback and safety in high school and has the quickness in space to cover running backs out of backfield. Gym rat with good power throughout his tightly muscled frame. Burst to the ball puts him in position to make plays. Body-up tackler who finishes what he starts. Can play all three downs.
								Somewhat stubby frame with a lack of length. Unable to keep linemen off of him with punch and shed. Will get engulfed if he sits and waits. Straight-line attacker missing some fluidity of motion to consistently match the flow of a play. Square shouldered and unable to work body around blocks and through some crevices. Scouts question whether his production can hold up against elevated level of competition. Quicker than fast.
							
2017	Ryan Anderson	2557853	OLB	Alabama	Getting on the field at linebacker for Alabama isn't easy for a young player. Anderson was a five-star recruit, but redshirted in 2012 and played just a bit in 2013 (five tackles, 1.5 sacks); he considered leaving the program. He received more time on defense in 2014 (25 tackles, 8 TFL, three sacks with no starts) and was a key reserve pass-rusher as a junior (11.5 TFL, six sacks) before finally getting the starting gig in 2016. Anderson didn't receive all-conference notice from league coaches, but the media voted him first-team all-conference (61 tackles, 19 TFL, nine sacks, three pass breakups, one interception for a touchdown).	Thick through shoulders and chest with good upper-body power. Exhibits professional approach on the field. Disciplined and married to his assignments. Stays clean. Comes into the league with NFL-caliber hand work. Ready hands at point of attack with a willingness to stick and move to avoid being swallowed by size. Sets a sturdy edge and makes a point to physically challenge tight ends early in the game. Will "dead arm" inside shoulder to alter blocker's balance and sneak around the outside hand. Relentless charge as a pass rusher and gets home thanks to his effort. Leverages runners to the sideline and rarely gives up a cut-back lane. Tackle finisher who is always hustling. Plays teammate ball over hero ball. Has experience at outside linebacker in both 3-4 and 4-3. Forced five fumbles over last two seasons.
								Relatively average athlete for the position. Lacks desired pursuit speed and closing burst as a 4-3 linebacker. Hips are a little stiff and he lacks plus range of motion. Could struggle with cover skills in space. Short arms could become an issue if asked to stack the edge against NFL tackles. Effort rusher missing desired traits found in consistent NFL pass rushers. His edge rush is more elongated and gradual than tight and sharp. Gets punched by tackles while shoulders are still square, causing him to flatten out as a rusher.
							
2017	Jake Replogle	2557854	DT	Purdue	NA	Competitive with physical demeanor on the field. Hands pack a wallop. Looks to jar blockers with his first strike. Good hand placement and quick arm extension helps to set a sturdy edge when two-gapping. Fights hard to keep blockers out of his chest. Hands will rip, pull and slap to disengage from blockers. Has feel for double teams and down blocks. Fast, efficient rip move pulls him around the blocker's edge. Uses jab step and arm to make quick work of clumsy guards. Natural knee bender. Outstanding pursuit motor with good closing burst down the line. Finds his way into opponents' backfields. Very active as a tackler. Comes from athletic family; father and both brothers played football and his mother was a college softball player.
								Doesn't have desired lower-body thickness of an even-front defensive tackle. Shoulders somewhat narrow. Not a natural fit for life against double teams. Was bounced off his spot against Michigan State's physical attack in 2015. Has to work to keep pad level down after initial engagement. Has small hands and below-average arm length for his size. Squared-off, straight-line rusher with some hip tightness that prevents tight cornering. Missed extensive time during 2016 season with head injury suffered in early October. Returned to action after three weeks but had to leave the game in which he returned due to lingering issues.
							
2017	Jarrad Davis	2557855	LB	Florida	The Gators collectively held their breath in October 2016, as Davis was taken off the field with a left leg injury. He attempted to play through that injury, but suffered another a couple of weeks later and had to sit out three games and most of a fourth. League coaches appreciated his leadership and production (60 tackles, six for loss, four pass breakups) enough to vote him second-team All-SEC, however. Davis built a reputation in his first three years, stepping in right away as a true freshman to play in every game (one start, 24 tackles, two for loss) and earn the team's Most Valuable Player on special teams. He was a key reserve in 2014, as well, before missing the last three games with an injury (23 tackles, one for loss.) Finally getting a chance to start as a junior, Davis didn't disappoint with 98 tackles, 11 for loss, 3.5 sacks and four pass breakups.	Angular build with long limbs and a shredded physique. Excellent flexibility throughout his trunk. Can twist and turn to slither into gaps. Plus acceleration to chase all over the field. Scouts say coaches are effusive in their praise of his leadership, work ethic and character. Can be rude to company. Erupts from coiled hips with a jarring pop under the pads of oncoming blockers. Runs downhill with choppy steps in balanced, tackle-ready position. Effective in spy role with athleticism to mirror mobile quarterbacks. Has closing burst that could become a weapon as a blitzer. Wrap-up tackler with strong finishing rate. Improved his discipline pursuing to the sideline. Did a better job of leveraging running backs against the boundary. Forceful redirect of tight ends out of their routes. Good peripheral helps him spot crossing routes without having to drop eyes from the quarterback. Has athletic tools to become better in coverage.
								Downhill routes to the ball can be problematic. Will step too far downhill and get trapped in traffic on counters or bounces to the perimeter. Needs to play with more consistent technique and positioning to properly leverage his gaps against gap plays. Lateral scrapes sometimes lack patience forcing him to overrun run fits and open cutback lanes. Sometimes prioritizes attacking blockers too high. Has to get better at seeing and working past the blocker and toward the runner rather than issuing so many physical challenges that get him behind in pursuit. Could improve with greater stick-and-move hand work to keep himself clean. Struggles to free himself when snatched by blocker. Average instincts create inefficiency with early, post-snap movement.
							
2017	O.J. Howard	2557856	TE	Alabama	Howard was the top high school recruit in the country at tight end coming out of Prattville, Alabama, so it was no surprise that Nick Saban tried hard to keep him in-state. He started five times as a true freshman, leading the team with 19.2 yards per reception (14-269, two TD). Once again Howard was a big-play receiver in 2014, with six of 17 receptions going for 16 yards or more (17-260 for the year). But his true breakout season was in 2015, where he caught 38 passes for 602 yards and earned Offensive MVP honors in the national championship game with 208 receiving yards and two touchdowns on five catches. Howard was a factor in the passing game in his final year with the Tide (45-595, three TD), earning third-team All-American and second-team All-SEC honors.	Exceptionally gifted athlete. Has long arms and massive hands for his position. Tremendous acceleration into his routes. Has tools to torment defenses on second and third level. Play speed resembles a wide receiver's when the ball is in the air. Linebackers have no shot against him in space. Can turn a short throw into a long gain. Light on his feet and smooth out of his breaks. Easy separator who creates instant throwing windows when he hits the gas. Natural pass catcher who plucks it away from his body. Can adjust to poorly thrown balls and secure contested catches. Shows no lack of toughness over the middle. Can be lined up all over the field. Monster championship game in 2015 season revealed true potential. Has elite ceiling as playmaker. Lands his hands inside the frame as a blocker. Operates with wide base and attempts to snap hips into his block.
								Will need more muscle and mass to be an in-line blocker as a pro. Appears passive. Doesn't have the field demeanor of most Alabama players. Needs better hand strength to sustain his blocks. Can do better job of working feet into position after contact. Needs urgency in his routes to tilt defenders and get them guessing. Needs to show more elusiveness after the catch. Saw playing time diminish from junior to senior season. Explosive talent who doesn't make enough explosive plays. Scheme creates some wide-open deep-ball catches at time. Scouts question his competitive nature.
							
2017	Dorian Johnson	2557857	OG	Pittsburgh	Johnson was a five-star recruit as a tackle coming out of high school, but Pitt coaches convinced him that a move to guard made sense for the team -- and for his future. They were right. Since his freshman year, when he started twice at left tackle and once at right guard, Johnson has been a fixture at the left guard position. He started 39 straight games for the Panthers, winning second-team All-ACC honors as a junior as well as first-team all-conference and multiple All-American awards in 2016.	Solid athlete when asked to play in space. Plays with leg drive as run blocker. Uses choppy, accelerated feet into contact and keeps chopping them through contact to secure the block. Operates with quality balance and limited waist-bending. Has the arm length of a tackle. Understands his job on each play. Has an accurate radar in seeking out second-level targets and connecting at a high percentage. Excels on short pulls with smooth lateral footwork and solid, squared contact. Keeps hands inside and will punch and re-set hands when necessary. Sets up with good base and anchor in pass pro.
								Is a little inconsistent with smoothness coming out of his stance. At times too aggressive when he moves up to second level and will climb beyond his target. Needs to improve patience on his climb to create more consistency with his angles. Needs to let hands go more quickly in run game. Punches and pushes target with authority but doesn't snatch the framework and lock in, allowing active defenders to spin and squirm out of his blocks.
							
2017	Evan Engram	2557858	TE	Mississippi	Ole Miss was one of the few teams in the country that utilized their athletic tight end to his full potential. The nation's most prolific tight end won first-team All-SEC and All-American accolades by catching a team-high 65 balls for 926 yards and eight scores. The two-time team captain was productive throughout his career, starting with a great freshman season (21-268, three TD) in spite of missing a month of the regular season with an ankle injury. In 2014, Engram was a first-team all-conference pick after leading the nation's tight ends with a 17.4 yards per catch average (38-662, two TD). That average dropped the following year, but league coaches still voted him second-team All-SEC (38-464, two TD).	Good explosion over the first 5 yards of his route. Plus athletic ability with easy-opening hips. Nimble feet with quick, controlled strides into and out of his breaks. Accelerates out of his breaks to uncover from defenders for quarterback. Will have to be guarded by defensive backs. Opens quickly to find the ball. Successful working all three levels at Ole Miss. Has true vertical speed to attack the seams. Competitive, athletic runner after the catch. Springy leaper. Jumped out of the gym to snare a touchdown over the head of a Georgia defender. Able to pluck balls low, high, and behind him.
								Needs to learn when and where to sit down in the middle of the field. Must learn to do a better job of working back to the ball. Doesn't post up defenders effectively. Allows defender to work through him and disrupt the catch. Has had issues with drops and contested catches could be an issue. Allows throws to beat him up at times. Needs to do better job of selling a two-way go to the top of his routes rather than giving route direction away. Move tight end only who lacks dependability as a blocker.
							
2017	Jake Butt	2557859	TE	Michigan	Being an Ohio native who went to play for "that team up north" brings almost as much ridicule as the Wolverine tight end's unfortunate last name. He's learned to deal with both, however, on his way to consecutive second-team Associated Press All-American seasons. In fact, he had the best games of his freshman and sophomore seasons against Ohio State, scoring in each game and totaling nine catches for 110 yards (he had 41 catches for 446 yards and three scores in total in 2013-2014). In Butt's junior and senior seasons, he was the Big Ten Conference Tight End of the Year (51-654, three TDs in 2015; 46-546, four TDs in 2016). Unfortunately, Butt suffered a torn right ACL in their Citrus Bowl loss to Florida State.	Has NFL size and steps up big in the passing game. Strong hands are like magnets. Can snatch and secure at the catch point. Tough and reliable when working in traffic. Fearless in the middle of the field and understands how to protect himself and the ball while there. Slick with hands. Has slap move to free himself off line of scrimmage and able to create separation at top of his route with sly push-offs. Sinks into space and chews up zone coverage. Play attributes will help him win in the red zone. Effective in intermediate work adjusting routes according to defensive positioning. Competitive after catch with ability to add to his yardage through force. Team co-captain.
								A little cumbersome getting off the line and into his routes. Very average athleticism. One-speed runner without many gears. Lacks speed to threaten vertically. Upright into and out of his breaks. Acceleration out of his cuts can be slight. Separation often comes from rub routes and scheme. NFL linebackers should be able to stick him in coverage. Limited catch radius. Grabby as a blocker and takes questionable angles up to second level. Allows physical outside linebackers to set strong edges against him. Needs more commitment and work as a run-blocker on NFL level.
							
2017	Isaac Rochell	2557860	DT	Notre Dame	Steve Rochell drives a truck for a living, which has helped him see his two young sons play college football in different parts of the country. Matt Rochell, was an offensive lineman at the Air Force Academy, but Isaac found his calling on the defensive side of the ball in South Bend. He played in 11 games as a freshman, making 10 tackles as a reserve. Rochell started all 13 games the following season (39 tackles, 7.5 for loss, 2.5 sacks, three pass breakups, blocked field goal in bowl game) and 12 of 13 games in 2015 (63 tackles, 7.5 for loss, one sack). He started off his senior year strong against Texas, getting nine tackles, 2.5 for loss. Rochelle didn't have any tackles for loss in the last month of the season, finishing the year with 56 stops, seven for loss, and one sack.	Named team captain as a senior. Dependable and durable. Played in over 83 percent of team's defensive snaps over his last three seasons. Experienced pass rusher in T/E and E/T twist games up front. Has some bull-rush capability if his pad level is right. Gets good arm extension after contact. Has upper body strength to jolt blocker with his violent hands. Comes off ball with good bend and aggressiveness. Not easily out-leveraged against run blockers. Has enough natural power and anchor to play 5-technique in the pros. Length and upper body strength help his ground at point of attack. Shows ability to restrict his gap against the run. Tackle finisher when he gets to it.
								One-speed pass rusher with very limited juice upfield. Despite high snap counts over final three seasons, produced minimal sack totals. Effort rusher with dull, predictable approach at times. Too content after initial rush thwarted. Fails to activate skilled counter rushes. Will present "tweener" concerns between defensive end and defensive tackle positions. Might be 2-gap only. Fails to see blockers in front of him. Gets too bogged down with oncoming collisions rather than stacking, shedding and making the tackles. Heavy punch needs to be followed with quicker disengagement. Low number of early wins at point of attack.
							
2017	Corey Clement	2557861	RB	Wisconsin	It's been an up-and-down last couple of seasons for Clement. Expected to take over for first-round pick Melvin Gordon in 2015, Clement managed to play in just four games with one start (221 yards, 5 TD) due to a sports hernia. He also suffered a hand injury when punching someone in an elevator, and he lied to coaches and university staff about the incident initially. Clement bounced back in his senior year, earning second-team All-Big Ten honors (1,375 yards on 314 carries, 15 TD) as the full-time starter (missing one game due to an ankle injury). The four-star high school recruit from New Jersey showed promise early in his career as a back-up to Gordon (547 yards, 7 TD in 2013; 949 yards, 9 TD in 2014).	Carved-up beach body with impressive definition throughout. Has athletic ability NFL teams desire from the position. Utilizes explosive, sudden jump-cut to bound like a deer from gap to gap. Combination of lower body power and balance through contact allows him to run through weak tackle attempts. Able to elude defenders who bolt into the backfield. Lateral quickness and speed to the edge appear to be in order. Looks most comfortable as an outside runner. Sinks hips for sharper one-cut approach on outside zone plays. Able to string jump-cuts together to slalom around multiple tacklers from first to second level. Has shown enough speed in open field to hit the home run during his career.
								Scouts have labeled him "entitled" and question his football character and leadership. Had 2015 season washed away due to injury, attitude and an off-field incident. One speed, monotonous approach as a runner. Lacks burst and drags feet through hole, allowing defenders to get hands on him. Impatient. Runs up the back of blockers rather than allowing plays to develop. Missing improvisational talent and finesse. Not an instinctive runner and lacks feel for development of running lanes between the tackles. Can be indecisive and very impatient. Seems to be waiting for the next jump-cut rather than punching the gas downhill. Can be hit-or-miss with his reads on outside zone plays. Rarely in on obvious passing downs.
							
2017	Chris Wormley	2557862	DE	Michigan	When you live in Toledo, you're either a Buckeyes fan or a Wolverines fan. Wormley decided to root for the Maize and Blue early in his life, and wound up signing up for college in Ann Arbor after being named the Ohio Division I co-Defensive Player of the Year by the Associated Press. Wormley made an impression in his redshirt freshman season of 2013, making 19 tackles, 4.5 for loss, and 2.5 sacks as a reserve. He started six times as a sophomore, recording 21 tackles, five TFL and three sacks. Wormley finished his time "up north" by winning the team's Defensive Lineman of the Year award in each of his final two seasons. He was a third-team All-Big Ten pick in 2015 (14.5 tackles for loss, 6.5 sacks) and a first-team selection in 2016 (nine TFL, six sacks) for the Wolverines.	Well-built, thick frame from head to toe. Natural bender with ease of movement and agility for a man his size. Has experience playing inside and outside. Comes out low and aggressively off snap. Able to generate bullrush with speed-to-power drive into tackles. Hints of arm-over and spin moves as rusher. Good technician at point of attack. Sets strong, decisive edge with leverage, arm extension and anchor. Pursuit speed gives him extended tackle radius. Able to close down the line quickly and restrict cutback lanes. Balance is excellent; rarely seen on the ground. Able to plow through redirect blocks when charging through gaps. Fairly disciplined in approach. Aware and reactive to jet sweeps and counters. Student of the game and a willing leader.
								Not very twitchy firing out of stance and up the field. Lacks explosion in first two steps as edge rusher. Shows delayed transition into the rush off play fakes. Needs to play with faster hands as pass rusher. His wins vs. blockers tend to be more eventual than sudden. Remains engaged with blockers longer than desired at times. Pursuit effort can run a little bit hot and cold. Could lack anchor necessary for full-time transition inside. NFL offensive linemen will be better equipped to counter Wormley's brute power. Needs to bring feet with him and through the tackle.
							
2017	Zay Jones	2557863	WR	East Carolina	To say "Zay" grew up in a football family would be an understatement. His father, Robert, played linebacker in the NFL, winning three Super Bowls with the Dallas Cowboys in the 1990's. His uncle, Jeff Blake, played quarterback in the NFL for 14 years, most notably with the Cincinnati Bengals. Jones' brother, Cayleb was a receiver at Texas and Arizona, as well. Both his father and uncle played at East Carolina. Jones has made his own name with the Pirates, though, setting the NCAA record for most receptions in a career (399) and the single-season record with 158 catches in 2016 (for 1,746 yards and eight touchdowns). He was a first or second-team All-American by most media outlets this fall, along with first-team All-American Athletic Conference. Jones was a second-team All-ACC choice in 2015 with 98 catches for 1,099 yards and five scores. His football IQ and athletic genes helped him start in his first two seasons, as well (62-604, five TD in 2013; 81-830, five TD, also 24-447 on kick returns in 2014).	All-time FBS receptions leader. Hands catcher outside the hashes and snatches it away from his frame. Swallows ball into his frame to protect it when working over the middle. Tape shows a willingness to run head-first into traffic and make the tough catch when hit is imminent. Can win all day when it comes to finishing catches at the high point. Extremely driven to succeed. Plays with good focus and footwork on catches near the sideline. Has experience working from outside and the slot. Returned kicks as a junior. Has posted impressive numbers in Pirates' strength-and-conditioning program. Well respected in the program and scouts rave about his character. Father, Robert, was a Super Bowl winner with Dallas Cowboys. 
								Play speed is very average. Lacks vertical push to force cornerbacks to open and run early and doesn't have second gear to separate from coverage down the field. Thin frame. Struggles to find clean releases against press coverage due to play strength and foot quickness. High-volume production helped by high percentage of short throws and wide receiver screens. Sticky out of breaks and unable to shake tight coverage. Limited amount of burst and wiggle after the catch and won't create much more than is there. Not overly-committed as a run blocker.
							
2017	Jarron Jones	2557864	DT	Notre Dame	Jones dominated Miami's offensive line this fall, racking up six tackles for loss in an Irish victory. He was given the game ball afterward and presented it to his parents, who were celebrating their 17-year wedding anniversary. Jones was rated as an offensive tackle coming out of high school but suited up on defense during his redshirt season of 2012. He played 12 games, starting once, in 2013 (20 tackles, sack) and then entered the starting line-up as a sophomore (40 tackles, 7.5 for loss) before a foot injury ended his season two games early. Jones came back for preseason practices in 2015 but suffered a torn MCL that kept him out of the lineup until the team's bowl game, where he had one quarterback pressure. Jones finished his Notre Dame career by playing in 12 games, starting six, and making 45 tackles (11 for loss, two sacks, two blocked kicks).	Former high school basketball player with exciting athletic traits. Able to pursue with quickness in space. Has foot quickness to change direction and extend his tackle radius. Arms are like tentacles that go on and on. Length advantage can be a nightmare for centers who line up against him. Lateral quickness opens doors into backfield as a penetrator. Can be a disruptive force on the other side of the line. Has explosiveness out of stance and up the field as a pass rusher. Combines early explosiveness with rare length to generate pocket push. Frequently a nose, but has the tool box and traits to play three- or five-technique as a pro. Has dominant potential if hand usage and pad level can be coached out of him. Has blocked four kicks during his injury-shortened career at Notre Dame.
								Top heavy. Missing mass through thighs and in calves. Gets battered by down blocks and can be rooted out of gap due to lack of anchor in lower half. Comes off the ball too tall. Needs to play with more consistent bend to alleviate pad level issues. High center of gravity produces issues with balance when thumped with a redirect block. Needs to recognize cut blocks and stuff them more consistently. Scouts consider him unmotivated and question his football character. Doesn't treat offseason as a time to get better. Sources say Irish coaches had to work overtime to keep him interested and working to get better. Injuries have limited his growth as a player and his overall production. Missed final three games in 2014 with Lisfranc injury and the entire 2015 regular season with a torn MCL. Came back for bowl game that season and injured his foot in that game.
							
2017	Tyler Orlosky	2557865	C	West Virginia	Orlosky played guard while playing with the scout team as a redshirt freshman, but transitioned to center the following year. He's been a fixture there ever since he started three games in 2013. Orlosky started all 13 games in the middle in 2014, then received second-team All-Big 12 honors as a junior by performing well in every contest that season. League coaches voted him first-team all-conference as a senior, where he again lined up for every game in the team's successful 2016 season.	Team captain and three-year starter. Has mentality teams look for. Weight-room strong with good thickness through chest and arms. Field demeanor fueled by mean streak. Plays with desired body control and very little wasted motion. Works to maintain balance through contact. Compact, snap-to-punch motion. Great hands. Consistent hand placement as run blocker looking to carry defender out of the gap with low, cradling motion. Hands like powerful clamps that latch and allow for longer sustainment of blocks. Has redirect power to push pass rushers off their track to the quarterback. Quick punch allows for control in pass pro. Can drop a shallow anchor if pad level is right.
								Cumbersome lateral movement and labors to get hips into position. Unable to cut off stunts with footwork. Might not possess enough sink in hips to operate in leveraged position as drive blocker. Inconsistent at running feet through second-level contact. Needs to show more consistent finishes as run blocker. Susceptible to stab moves due to shorter arms. Needs to play with better anticipation in pass protection. Lacks reactive quickness to consistently recover against twists and delayed blitzes. 
							
2017	Jehu Chesson	2557866	WR	Michigan	As a junior in 2015, Chesson won Michigan's Bo Schembechler Award as the team's Most Valuable Player after making 50 catches for 764 yards and nine scores. He saved his best for the end of the season with big games against Indiana (207 yards, four TDs), Ohio State (8-111, TD) and an MVP performance in the Citrus Bowl win over Florida (5-118, TD). Chesson suffered a knee injury in the bowl game, which slowed him coming into 2016. He didn't connect with Michigan's new quarterback, Wilton Speight, this fall as much as he did with Jake Rudock the previous year (35-500, 2 TDs). Chesson's jump in 2015 followed a redshirt year and two seasons as a reserve (15-221, TD in 2013; 14-154 in 2014).	Angular, but features NFL size and plus catch radius. Foot quickness considered adequate. Ball tracker with good concentration. Feasts on combat catches in a crowd. Willing to take his lumps to secure the catch. Can leap and contort in mid-air to snare the difficult catch. Makes quick adjustments to poor throws. Squares back to shield safeties from interfering with catch on deep, in-breaking routes. Showed toughness, confidence and talent in successful bowl performance against Florida's Vernon Hargreaves in 2015 season. Understands art of hand-fighting. Has some dog in him as a run blocker and will compete to the whistle.
								Suffered knee injury in bowl game his junior season and dealt with extended recovery time. Didn't look like the same guy in 2016 and production dropped substantially. Struggled to find necessary separation quickness in his routes. Defaulted to body catches too often in 2016. Play-strength issues show up against aggressive press corners. Forced to work overtime to free himself from a strong jam. Cornerbacks show no fear of his vertical speed. Effectiveness and quality of routes is below par. Tall into his breaks and will give routes away. Appeared to go through the motions in some games. Just average after the catch.
							
2017	Tre'Davious White	2557867	CB	LSU	Playing defensive back at LSU is typically a stepping stone to the pros, and White's talents should help continue that trend in the 2017 NFL Draft. He was a top five cornerback prospect nationally from Shreveport when entering the 2013 season, and stepped into the starting lineup in week three of his freshman year despite the available talent on the Tigers' depth chart. He finished his rookie year as a SEC All-Freshman team member, recording 55 tackles, 2.5 for loss, two interceptions and a team-high seven pass breakups. White kept that starting job with 33 tackles, three for loss, two picks, and six pass breakups in 2015. He was a first-team Walter Camp All-American and All-SEC selection last year (34 tackles, two INT, team-high 14 PBU -- ranked eighth in the FBS).	Experienced island corner with slot reps over last two seasons. Quick twitch with exceptional footwork. Uses controlled hop-steps from press for extended face-up against receivers. Patient in press and rarely commits prematurely. Uses reactive quickness for quick recovery when beaten from slot. Pattern reader will jump path of route and attack throw. Plus click-and-close burst to ball. Impressive 15 passes defensed on 42 targets in 2016. Stop-start change of direction allows him to shadow in tight quarters. Sticky coverage on crossers and intermediate routes. Rose to challenge in coverage of Amari Cooper in 2014 and Calvin Ridley in 2016. Improved willingness to attack line of scrimmage and do his part against the run. Awarded coveted No. 18 jersey at LSU, symbolizing success and selfless attitude on and off the field. Three-year punt returner with a return touchdown in each season. Was also used as a gunner.
								Finesse cornerback with relatively slender frame. Physicality and play strength a concern from slot. Big-bodied slot targets will post him up in space and drive him off the line in run game. Tackles when necessary, but doesn't seek out contact. Less technique-oriented and more grabby from slot. Finished career with just six interceptions despite extensive playing time. Early anchor from off coverage caused struggles opening hips when receivers would stem and go. Recovery-quick but not recovery-fast. Texas Tech speedster Jakeem Grant gave him all kinds of vertical work in 2015 Texas Bowl.
							
2017	Conor McDermott	2557868	OT	UCLA	McDermott was an excellent basketball player in high school, but decided his future was instead in the football realm. He dislocated his shoulder in a state title basketball game, however, forcing him to go to a prep school for a year before heading to UCLA. McDermott redshirted his first year in Westwood, joining his brother, Kevin, who is now a long snapper with the Minnesota Vikings. After another year on the bench to add pounds to his basketball frame, McDermott started the final seven games of the 2014 season at left tackle. His game had improved enough in his junior year that Pac-12 coaches voted him second-team all-conference. He repeated that achievement in 2016, starting every game on the left side.	Towering left tackle. Has experience in a pro-style attack. Gets into kick-slide without much laboring. Decent pass-slide quickness. Decent hand readiness. In run game, comes off ball with flat back and uncorks his hips into target. Generates some pop with his initial contact as run blocker. Has some redirect power to stuff stunts inside. Solid cut-blocker. Athletic feet with rare background. Was finalist for McDonald's High School All-American team as a senior basketball player and won Mr. Basketball for Division II-AA in Tennessee.
								Very little bubble with below-average leg thickness. Plays too upright and with some stiff-leggedness. Lack of bend affects his ability to change direction. Hit-or-miss connection percentage on second level. Core strength is well-below desired NFL level. Bull-rushers can put him on skates and roll him back into the quarterback. Operates with weak punch in pass sets. Rare to find him land hands inside defender's frame on consecutive snaps. Doesn't trust his own foot quickness. Opens way too early in pass sets. Over-sets in race to the edge, allowing defenders to beat him inside or knock him off-balance with an inside club move.
							
2017	Chad Kelly	2557869	QB	Mississippi	The nephew and godson of NFL Hall of Fame quarterback Jim Kelly has been mercurial, at best, during his college career. He was a top five high school quarterback recruit from New York and four-time National Punt, Pass & Kick winner. Signing with Clemson, Kelly redshirted in 2012 and played in five games the following year (10-17, 58 yards) despite tearing his ACL in the spring game. He had multiple blow-ups with coaches at Clemson, which led to his release from the program in April 2014. Kelly then moved on to East Mississippi Community College, and he won a national title in his only season there. Ole Miss took a chance on Kelly, and stayed with him after an altercation with a restaurant bouncer in Buffalo where he threatened to "spray this place." The signing paid off in 2015, with Kelly earning second-team All-SEC nod (4,042 yards, 31 TD, 13 INT passing; 500 yards, 10 TD rushing)and the Sugar Bowl MVP while leading Ole Miss to wins over Alabama, Auburn and LSU in the same year for the first time in school history. Kelly was named second-team All-SEC as a senior, as well, even though his career ended early due to a torn right ACL and lateral meniscus in November 2016 (306.4 passing yards/game, 19 TD, eight INT). He didn't stay out of the headlines in 2016, either, as he ran onto the field of a high school game in which his brother was playing because the young quarterback took a late hit out of bounds. Reports were that Kelly did not actually engage anyone in the melee but apologized for leaving the stands.	Good arm talent. Will make "wow" throws, especially early in games. Has shown an ability to make bold, anticipatory throws over the deep middle. Over final two seasons at Ole Miss, saw 13.6% of his pass attempts go for 20-plus yards, a higher percentage than both Deshaun Watson and DeShone Kizer. Can alter release to account for sudden shifts and movements by defense or his own receivers. Poise is good enough. Will pump, slide, and re-set his feet to make accurate throws. Can set up and fire quickly from the pocket. When he sits down on throws, will use lower body to drive the ball through his targets. Gamer with a competitive streak that runs deep. Touch throws are in his repertoire when attacking area between linebackers and safeties. Looks comfortable in rollouts and boot-action throws. Completed 66.7 percent of his passes when on the move in 2016. Shuffles to safe spots inside the pocket and is able to scramble out of pressure and find targets. Willing runner with runs of 43 and 41 yards over last two seasons. Attacks the middle of the field with accuracy and throws consistent strikes to stationary targets.
								Lacks desired size and willing to take way too many hits outside the pocket. Has worked almost exclusively from shotgun and pistol. Struggles to maintain early success after halftime defensive adjustments. Completed just 2-of-12 deep shots down the left sideline in 2016. Under-throws some deep balls when trying to pass with touch. Inconsistent air under the ball. Saw interception percentage skyrocket when throwing to left side of the field. Woeful on back-shoulder fades. When pressure heads his way, he tucks and scoots rather than stands and delivers. Has random bouts of inaccuracy on wide receiver screens and outs. Throws nose-dive on move throws. Inconsistent working through progressions. Fails to see wide-open receivers, opting instead to make his job harder. Mind appears to be racing at times. Needs to manipulate safeties with lingering glares. Considered a character concern by some scouts; kicked off Clemson team for "detrimental conduct."
							
2017	Taywan Taylor	2557870	WR	Western Kentucky	Anyone unaware of Taylor's talent coming into the 2016 college football season found his skills quickly in the Hilltoppers' game against Alabama. He caught nine passes for 121 yards against the Tide's talented secondary, putting great film together for NFL scouts to review during the evaluation process. Taylor had a great senior year overall, receiving first-team All-Conference USA notice after catching 98 passes (tied for fifth in the FBS) for 1,730 yards (third) and 17 scores (tied for third). He had similar statistics in 2015, also earning a first-team all-conference nod with 86 receptions for 1,467 yards (third in FBS) and 17 touchdowns (second). The Louisville native with 2XL-sized receiving gloves was a seven-game starter in each of his first two seasons (24-270 in 2013; 45-767, seven TD in 2015) before becoming one of the nation's top targets.	Stutter-steps around press coverage and into his work. Runs routes with a purpose. Changes route speeds almost at random, creating discomfort in cover corners. Hits accelerator to get over the top on vertical routes. Easy strider with fluid hips in the open field. Impressive plant-and-go separation explosion. Differentiator from slot with suddenness and burst. Gets head around to quarterback immediately out of breaks. Effective sink and open on stop routes. Dynamic after the catch. Finds yards for himself in open field. Has brake-to-gas quickness and elusive, swiveling torso. Always competing. Nifty near sideline with ability to deaden feet and make the challenging catch. Outstanding production despite defenses focusing on him.
								Feasted on bubble screens, jet sweeps and several catch-and-run plays. Route variances could create some issues in systems requiring more timing. NFL route work will have to be more focused with less freestyle. Body catcher who will have the occasional focus drop. If he doesn't work back harder to his quarterback, body catches could turn into issues with contested catches. Lacked quality cornerback competition across from him for most of his career. Very aware of where safeties lurk in middle of the field.
							
2017	Taylor Moton	2557871	OG	Western Michigan	The Broncos brought aboard Moton after he was named a first-team all-Michigan pick as a high school senior. He redshirted in 2012, but started every game over the past four years for WMU. Moton lined up at right tackle for all 25 games of the 2013 and 2014 seasons. He moved to right guard in 2015, receiving enough votes from MAC coaches to be named third-team all-conference. Moton moved back to the right tackle spot as a senior, earning first-team All-MAC and multiple All-American honors in helping the Broncos "row the boat" to a MAC championship.	Big off the bus. Massive frame with good arm thickness and proportional build in his legs. Plus arm length with big hands. Starting experience at right guard and tackle. Comes off the ball with pad level. Makes concerted effort to drop hips and roll under his target at contact. Has dominant drive-blocking potential. His down blocks turn into steam-rollings. Coordinates hips and hands for maximum pop through point of contact as run blocker. Held his own against Ohio State in 2015 and smothered Illinois DE Dawuane Smoot this season. A bear with strong paws. Plays tend to end for defender once he latches on. Functional climbing to second-level target. Bull rushers won?t bully him very often.
								Will need to play with quicker hands into punch as guard. Looping, wide approach with hands toward target could open his chest to defenders. Footwork needs plenty of work. Needs choppier feet. Waist bending in run game needs correction. Content to make blocks at angles that need to be squared up. Lateral and move blocks feature inconsistent base width. Issues coming to balance before contact if block isn't right in front of him. Average body control and athleticism. Will be limited to primarily power-based schemes. Has issues with oversetting in pass pro. Can be fooled by twists. 
							
2017	Takkarist McKinley	2557872	DE	UCLA	McKinley signed with Cal coming out of high school, but failed to qualify academically. He went to Contra Costa College in 2013, winning all-league recognition with 18 tackles for loss and 10 sacks. He transferred to UCLA the following year, once his grades were settled. McKinley played in 10 games, starting one, that season (six tackles, 3.5 for loss, 2.5 sacks). He started 12 games as a junior, really beginning to show promise as a pass rusher (7.5 tackles, 4.5 sacks, four pass breakups, two forced fumbles). "Tak" stepped out in his senior year, receiving first-team All-Pac-12 notice with 18 tackles for loss, 10 sacks, and six pass breakups.	Relentless worker bee on the field. Refuses to give offensive tackles a snap to catch their breath. Not a content player and is always charging towards the ball. Plus closing burst to sideline enables contain. Makes as many effort plays as anyone in the Pac 12. Unusually adept at bouncing off of blocks and maintaining play focus. Good stop/start change of direction talent. Long strides eat up ground in space. Scouts expect a strong forty time at combine. Combines speed with long arms for increased tackle radius. Became a playmaker. Saw 36 percent of his tackles come within two yards or less of line of scrimmage while sack total spiked considerably. Spins out of wash down blocks to work back towards the play. Consistently stuffs cut attempts. Raw, but pass rush flashes some speed to power. Pass rush counters fueled by lateral agility and effort.
								Hand skill and overall usage is completely uncultivated and impedes pass rush potential. Lacks slaps, swipes and a serviceable rip move to grease the edge as a rusher. Punch has very little force. Needs to get hands and feet need in unison. Long arms are irrelevant at times due to slow punch. Lacks bend around the edge. Upright pass rush allows tackles to flatten him up and over the rush arc with just an average punch. Movements are a little bit stiff. Redirected too easily. Needs to continue to add play strength. Success predicated on effort over rush talent and functional power. Needs to combine all three elements to his game. 
							
2017	Dan Feeney	2557873	OG	Indiana	In most cases, guards are not on "draft watch" after their junior seasons. Feeney's talent, though, made everyone in Indiana happy that he decided to return to school in 2016. The Illinois product started all 12 games for the Hoosiers at right guard as a true freshman, garnering honorable mention All-Big Ten honors. A pre-season foot injury caused him to redshirt the 2013 season, but he returned the following year with another honorable mention all-conference season. Feeney was a third-team All-American and first-team All-Big Ten pick in his third year at right guard, allowing no sacks during the seasons. Coaches asked Feeney to move to right tackle at times during his first-team All-American/Big Ten senior season due to injuries at that position.	Tough guy with a banger mentality. Decent arm length for the position. Above-average pass protector on interior. Feet are light enough to slide quickly in either direction to protect the edge in pass-pro. Very aware of twists and blitzes. Shoots a strong punch that can jar gap shooters out of the gap and can put a sting into both twisters as he snaps and catches. Zone-blocking specialist with desired lateral quickness. Takes well-planned routes up to second-level targets on difficult backside cutoffs. Able to get around corner with pace when asked to long pull. Good patience. Finds his landmarks and strikes them. Rarely commits early to a block. Waits until he's in proper position. Plays with redirect power in his upper body. Will take it to the whistle and looks to finish with some menace. Effective blocker in screen game.
								Carries weight in upper body and lacks some sand in his pants. Pops upright after the snap. Poor pad level and a narrow base creates contact-balance issues. Shows a lack of knee bend that makes change of direction in space a task. Is a bit straight-linish in his approach. Unable to generate consistent push as a base blocker. Needs to improve hip sink for better leverage and to sustain his blocks. Hand speed is decent but punch is a little wide. Missed all of 2013 with a foot injury and missed four games due to effects from a concussion sustained early in the season.
							
2017	Nico Siragusa	2557874	OG	San Diego St.	No, Nico is not related to Tony Siragusa. But the fact that people are asking that question means he's gotten on the college football radar with his outstanding play up front. The third-team Associated Press All-American started every game as a senior, earning first-team All Mountain West honors for the second straight year. In fact, Siragusa started all 41 games over the past three years at left guard for the Aztecs, one big reason Donnel Pumphrey set the NCAA career rushing record. Siragusa started the opener of his redshirt freshman season at right guard, as well, before playing behind the veterans the rest of the year.	Compact, girthy frame with thickly muscled arms. Low center of gravity with adequate hip bend to unlock power. Strong core. Able to scoop under defenders and root them out. Drive blocker with strength to win individual battles. Better-than-expected maneuverability when asked to pull. Able to redirect his weight. Has anchor to pass-set at shallow depths and handle bull rushers. Showed a little more nasty in his game as a senior than he did in junior season. Great in the locker room and well liked.
								Labors coming out of stance. Tends to pop upright and is delayed in his lateral movements. Reach blocks and cut-off blocks on middle linebackers are mission impossible. Hands are a little slow with inconsistent placement. Impatient with punch and will get caught lunging. Has to work to keep weight balanced in pass sets. Unable to punch and mirror, allowing active rushers a pathway to his edge.
							
2017	Dion Dawkins	2557875	OG	Temple	Temple found a gem in New Jersey when picking up Dawkins. He actually earned starting assignments in two games as a true freshman (one at left tackle, one at right) before suffering a season-ending foot injury in game five. He came back to start 11 times on the left side in 2014, and then found a bit of trouble in March 2015 with fellow 2017 draft prospect Haason Reddick for an assault outside a Philadelphia nightclub. Dawkins wasn't suspended for that action, and served in a diversionary program (Reddick had his charged dropped). The next two falls, he played well enough to earn second-team All-American Athletic Conference honors in 2015 and first-team accolades in 2016 as the team's starter at left tackle.	Burly upper body and thick calves down below. Has shown enough upper-body strength to muscle his defender around even without using great leverage. Shows a natural amount of core strength to battle against bull rushers. Able to get out of stance and into his kick-slide with pretty good fluidity and quickness. Uses choppy steps to slide and rarely allows his base to get too narrow in pass protection or in the run game. Plays with balance. Uses aggressive, tight settle-step into defender and then fires hands and hips to help generate push in run game. Has experience in zone- and gap-running schemes. Full-time three-year starter at left tackle.
								Hands are often too wide in pass protection and his punch turns into grabbing. Needs to keep hands quieter and inside pre-punch. Wide punch approach robs him of some of his natural length. Will head-butt into contact in pass pro. Can be a little inconsistent with footwork when attempting to redirect back inside against stunts. Has a little stiffness in his hips that limit his bend and could affect anchor. Gets caught over-committing on twists and will open the door for looping rushers. Needs to work on improving leverage rather than relying on pure power. Plays with inconsistent angles to the linebackers when making backside cut-off blocks.
							
2017	Montravius Adams	2557876	DT	Auburn	The former national top-five defensive tackle high school recruit reached his potential in 2016, earning second-team all-conference honors (8.5 TFL, 4.5 sacks). Adams was a three-year starter after contributing as a true freshman (20 tackles, sack), lining up with the ones in 2014 (8.0 TFL, three sacks, INT) and earning third-team All-SEC honors as a junior (three TFL, 2.5 sacks).	Low out of his stance and with good explosiveness. Springs into gaps to stress guards and split double teams. Usually first into neutral zone. Disruptive when working the gaps. Burly lower half with good thickness through his hips and thighs. Powerful leg drive pushes him through blocker's shoulder and into the backfield. Motor seemed to be revved more consistently in 2016 than in 2015. Pursues from backside with hustle. Has some bull rush potential if he keeps pads low.
								Strikes head first with eyes down losing sight of the play. Doesn't utilize hands well enough to keep himself clean. Needs to improve punch and extension to add value as a two-gap tackle. Sticks on blocks and labors to disengage. Short stepper with limited lateral effectiveness as pass rusher. Active as rusher but fails to stress the edge often enough. Has carried label as underachiever at times. Has talent but needs to more consistently play to it.
							
2017	Carlos Watkins	2557877	DT	Clemson	Five Clemson Tigers left early for the NFL after the 2015 season. Watkins could have gone pro, probably landing in the second round, but he decided to stick around for his senior year to help his team win a national title. That did just that, thanks in part to Watkins' play on the defensive line. He led the team with 13.5 tackles for loss and 10.5 sacks among his 50 total stops, and was named first-team All-ACC and second-team Associated Press All-American at the end of the year. Watkins was a second-team all-conference selection as a junior with 69 tackles, eight for loss, 3.5 sacks and an interception that he returned for a score. The top 10 defensive tackle recruit patiently waited for his time to shine behind Clemson's always-stacked front four, playing in nine games as a true freshman (16 tackles, one TFL). He started one of the first three games of his sophomore year (11 tackles, 1.5 TFL), but redshirted the season due to injuries suffered in a September 2013 car accident that killed the driver, a high school friend. Watkins returned to play 11 games as a reserve the following year (13 tackles, two TFL).	Athletic big man. Shows good movement skills for interior lineman. Operates in twisting, stunting defensive front at Clemson. Good lateral movement and agility creates problems for reach-blocking offensive linemen. Comes off the ball ready to punch and land first with his hands. Has closing burst down the line of scrimmage to challenge running backs looking to make back-side cut. Will stop his pass rush and activate hands in the passing lane when he sees quarterback begin wind-up. Played both nose and 3-technique at Clemson. Substantially more effective player if kept fresh in a rotation. Shows good awareness and recognition against screens.
								Top-heavy with excess weight around midsection topping leaner lower body. Struggled to grow roots and stand up for himself against Alabama's powerful double teams. Pad level rises as snap progresses. Powerful guards can get under his pads and turn him out of the gap. Quality of play diminishes rapidly when fatigued. Needs to get early advantage as pass rusher or he won't be a factor. Missing quality counter moves as a rusher. Needs more aggressiveness at point of attack and shed blocker earlier. Motor runs hot and cold. Needs to show more explosive, sudden elements in his game.
							
2017	Lewis Neal	2557878	DE	LSU	NA	Strong, thick trunk with good arm length and big, powerful hands. Can generate some pop into his initial contact. Often first with his hands landing on inner portion of the shoulder to command the point of attack. Short, compact frame provides natural leverage advantage. Uses leverage, arm extension and stout post leg to set a solid edge. Can stack, find the runner and disengage with decent success. Adequate agility and lateral quickness. Extremely sharp both on and off field.
								Struggles to withstand double teams. Stubby and can be overwhelmed by size if he doesn't win early with his hands. Marginal threat as a rusher off the edge. Upfield get-off won't scare many tackles; not much knee bend there. Lacks the length and hip flip to climb over the edge as a rusher. Doesn't feature enough power to push pocket as interior rusher. Lacks necessary length to fit at defensive end and the power to handle life in the trenches. 
							
2017	Pat Elflein	2557879	C	Ohio St.	Elflein (pronounced ELF-line) naturally wanted to be a Buckeye after growing up in Pickerington, Ohio, a suburb of Columbus. The all-state pick (and four-year wrestler) was certainly coveted by Ohio State, as well. He didn't get on the field much in his first two years (redshirted in 2012, reserve with one start in 2013), but then met his promise starting as a sophomore. Elflein earned the first of his three first-team All-Big Ten seasons that year, starting three times at left guard and 12 on the right side. In 2015, he received second-team Associated Press All-American status while dominating at right guard in every game. The team needed him to move to center as a senior, and his play resulted in first-team All-American recognition from various media outlets.	Thick lower body. Team captain renown for his outrageous work ethic. Strong leadership characteristics both verbally and by example. Looks for work when uncovered. Smartly alters assignment based on flow of the defense. Always under control in his movements. Patient pull blocker who stalks his target rather than rushing the block. Plus play strength and wrestling background gives him a leg up in hand-to-hand combat against big dogs inside. Quick to roll hips into block after first contact. Drives feet through contact and uses strong hands to stick like glue to the block. Reliable and effective in down blocks. Finisher looking to make a statement at the end of the play. Has mental part down. Recognizes twisting defensive tackles and greets them with aggressiveness. Hand placement is excellent. Strikes with upward blows squarely into the strike zone as run blocker. Pass-pro punch is compact with some heat behind it. Can anchor against bull rush. Winning history on high-caliber team. Versatile; proficient and successful at both center and guard.
								Not a ballerina with his feet. Footwork can be a little labored at times for the center position. Marginal twitch with short-area reaction time that is just average. A bit of a straight-line player in space. Struggles to come off initial block and body up against delayed, A-gap blitzers. Understands leverage but hip stiffness causes pad level to rise as play rolls along. Anticipates early bull rush and will drop an early anchor. Feet become heavy and limited, allowing athletic opponents to work around his edge and into backfield. Not always first with his hands. Gives away his chest to interior defenders with good hand quickness.
							
2017	Josh Harvey-Clemons	2557880	S	Louisville	Two suspensions for failed marijuana tests led to Harvey-Clemons' dismissal from Georgia. In the end, it may have worked out for the best as he was able to transfer to Louisville to join his defensive coordinator with the Bulldogs, Todd Grantham. His career in Athens started off well, as the number one outside linebacker recruit in the country had 14 tackles in a reserve role. He started 11 games as a sophomore at Georgia, making 66 stops and an interception on the year. He was suspended for the opener, though, due to team rules violation, as well as for the team's bowl game. Harvey-Clemons then sat out 2014 while transferring, but came out strong for the 'Ville, earning honorable mention All-ACC notice (88 tackles, two for loss, three interceptions, six pass breakups.) He was a second-team all-conference pick this fall despite missing two games due to injury (61 tackles, four for loss, two sacks).	Rangy, long frame with exceptionally long limbs. Arm length is what offensive line coaches look for in a tackle. Plays the game with edge and embraces physical requirement of the position. First responder who races downhill into the action. Rarely taps the brakes into his tackles. Square-up, wrap-up finisher. Took on blocks with aggressiveness and leverage when asked to play inside linebacker. His long arms help cast wide net as tackler. Rare athleticism for his size. Flips hips for instant change of direction as tackler or in coverage. Excellent range as a tackler. Plays faster than his timed speed. Communicative on the field. Balances attention between quarterback's eyes and assignments around him as two-deep safety. Quick to find coverage work after diagnosing play-action from the box. Adjusts coverage responsibilities based on scrambling direction of quarterback. 
								Skinny legs. Needs more discipline in playing with inside-out leverage in run support. Downhill GPS to running backs needs fine tuning. Tends to attack at angles under running back, forcing too many diving attempts on perimeter. Can be a little slow hustling back to high safety spot from disguised coverages. Deshaun Watson picked on him in coverage. From single-high position, needs anticipation and earlier response to throws. Will lose sight of deep responsibilities as high safety at times. Panics and grabs when he fears he's beaten. Needs to trust his length and recover speed more often. Dismissed from Georgia after three strikes, including failed marijuana tests.
							
2017	Tedric Thompson	2557881	FS	Colorado	Tedric is looking to join his brother, Cedric, in the NFL in 2017. His older brother was a safety at Minnesota and was drafted by Miami in the fifth round of the 2015 draft. The younger Thompson was part of an impressive Colorado secondary in 2016 that placed three of its members in the second-team All-Pac-12 team. He made that squad after accumulating 63 tackles, 3.5 for loss, and tying with teammate Ahkello Witherspoon for the FBS lead with 23 passes defensed (seven interceptions, 16 passes broken up). Thompson has contributed to the Buffaloes' defense since arriving on campus, starting three of 12 games played as a true freshman (33 tackles, three PBU). He started the first eight games of the 2014 season, but missed the rest of the year due to the effects of a concussion. He was leading the team in tackles with 56 (and also had three interceptions and five pass breakups) before the injury. Thompson was an honorable mention all-conference selection in his first full year as a starter in 2015 (63 tackles, four for loss, three INT, eight PBU).	Quality athlete with desired long speed. High school wide receiver with good hands and outstanding ball skills. Can climb the ladder and challenge the jump ball. Works to stay in front of the route rather than trailing. Instincts and athleticism lead him to the throw. Successfully reads quarterback's intentions. Takes the playmaker's path to throws targeting catch point over receiver. Squeezes top of the route in zone. Finished with 10 interceptions at Colorado. Covers skills are a plus. Older brother, Cedric, was exceptional athlete as safety at Minnesota and was drafted by the Dolphins in 2015.
								Average height for position and needs more muscle on his frame. Desire as a playmaker can be used against him. Bait routes can pull his attention away from deep help responsibilities in single-high looks. Path to ball as downhill tackler needs improvement. Grab-and-drag arm tackler over wrap-up finisher. Tends to attack from angles rather than squared up as tackler. Not much thud behind his pads as a hitter. Missed final four games of 2014 with lingering effects from a concussion.
							
2017	Taco Charlton	2557882	DE	Michigan	Vidauntae "Taco" Charlton continually improved during his Michigan career. The first-team All-Ohio selection "crossed the border" from Pickerington, a Columbus suburb, to play for the Wolverines (along with tight end Jake Butt). He played mostly on special teams as a true freshman (two tackles), then saw his playing time increase in 2014 (19 tackles, 5.5 for loss, 3.5 sacks, one start). Though Charlton started just three games as a junior, he was a strong contributor on passing downs (30 tackles, 8.5 for loss, 5.5 sacks). Everything came together for him in 2016, garnering first-team All-Big Ten honors after leading Michigan with 9.5 sacks among his 13 tackles for loss. 	Rare combination of size, length and athletic traits as a rusher. Long-levered frame with athletic, knotted calves. Brings freaky athletic traits to table and is still growing into his body. Flashes instant reaction time off snap and up the field thanks to his twitch. Has enough upfield juice to push offensive tackles into hasty retreat. Generates pop through speed-to-power element. Very good flexibility throughout. Able to sink and swerve around corner if he gets early lead in race to the edge. Possesses hip swivel combined with shoulder turn to slip and flip around the corner of an offensive tackle he's engaged with as a pass rusher. Rushes with forward lean that keeps his momentum downhill. Uses rip-and-stab move and an ominous spin move that could turn into a dominant rush trait in the NFL. Elongated lateral slides can open into sprint very quickly to chase run play bouncing outside. Length gives him a shot at dramatically increasing his play-making ability against the run. Hand usage is improving.
								Despite talent and traits, production and overall play has been uneven at Michigan. Earned full-time starting nod in just his final season. Needs more weight-room work. Consistency of anchor at point of attack in question. Can be rooted out of his gap by power. Can do better job of using his length to keep blockers off of him. Doesn't make enough plays on other side of the line against run. Needs to show a nastier play demeanor at all times. Scouts question whether he has enough toughness for trench battles if bumped inside or to 5-technique. Held back by his inconsistent play speed. Excessive leaning and narrowing of his base during the play causes balance and footwork inconsistencies. Needs better readiness to take on move blockers.
							
2017	Josh Carraway	2557883	DE	TCU	It was a disappointing year for the Horned Frogs, barely making a bowl game with a mediocre six wins (one over FCS for South Dakota State). Carraway, however, earned his second straight first-team All-Big 12 nod by racking up 11 tackles for loss, including a team-leading eight sacks. He had similar numbers as a junior in 2015 (11.5 TFL, nine sacks, three forced fumbles) and was a part-time starter as a sophomore (33 tackles, five for loss, two sacks) as TCU went 23-3 over those two seasons. Carraway redshirted in 2013 due to depth in the team's front seven, one year after playing in four games as a reserve. 	Outstanding athlete. Explosive with plenty of twitch. Has sudden, bouncy feet. Plus range as tackler. Possesses speed to win foot race down the line as a backside chaser when unblocked. Fluid hips and good acceleration to leverage wide, flowing runs to the sideline. Gets maximum arm extension when landing the early punch. Intriguing pass rusher. Has an NFL-level burst upfield. Flexibility creates ability to dip and corner the edge sharply. Has breathtaking closing burst to the quarterback as a rusher. Flashes of hand fighting provide hope for improvement. Transitioned from strong side to open side as a senior with no issues.
								Playing demeanor is too kind. Needs to inject some dog in his play. Lightweight at setting the edge. Gets jostled around far too easily to be trusted against the run. Needs to cut hands loose earlier in the rep and with more purpose. Content to ride on blocks rather than fight his way through them. Passive at point of attack and rarely imposes his will downhill. Technique and footwork seem random at times. Will have to learn how to take on blocks and stand his ground. Easily washed down by down blocks. Ragged, grab-and-drag tackler. Will need to find counter rush move to offset lack of play strength against redirect blocks around the arc. 
							
2017	Jordan Willis	2557884	DE	Kansas St.	Long-time Kansas State head coach Bill Snyder called Willis "the epitome" of Kansas State football. That's high praise from a Hall of Fame coach who has led the program all but three years since 1989. Willis earned that praise with his play on the field and attitude off of it. He was the Big 12 Defensive Player of the Year in 2016 and also garnered third-team Associated Press All-American honors, as he made 52 tackles and led his team with 17.5 tackles for loss and topped the conference with 11.5 sacks. Big 12 coaches and media inexplicably left Willis off their all-conference teams in 2015, even though he started every game and made 15.5 tackles for loss and 9.5 sacks, while forcing four fumbles (tied for ninth nationally). Willis started each game for the Wildcats as a sophomore, as well (25 stops, 6.5 for loss, four sacks). The Kansas City Star All-Metro pick as a high school senior played in nine games (his one tackle was a sack) his first year in Manhattan.	Good eyes vs. zone read; sees mesh point clearly. Quick responder once he diagnoses the action. Excellent change of direction ability to stay in the hunt. Finishes tackles, rarely allowing runners to escape grasp. Pursuit will not stop until the whistle blows. Proficient with hands. Hands are strong and control the action. Well-schooled with excellent stack-and-shed ability. Good strength in base and plays with adequate contact balance. Stays clean setting edge while spying into backfield. Uses blockers' forward lean against them, sends them tumbling forward. Arm over is a pet move that gives him early wins. Track-stance pass rusher who comes out of the blocks with decent burst to the edge. Hard worker. Productive in sacks and forced fumbles over final two seasons at KSU.
								Straight-liner mover. Very deliberate as a pass rusher. Shows rush moves early and rarely deviates from original track. One-speed rusher lacking dynamic qualities to turn corner for tight loops. Could get flattened in the rush arc due to hip tightness. Timing of hands need work as he tends to shoot prematurely, opening himself up to counter moves. Rarely makes tackles redirect inside with sharp counters. Tackles often come at angles. Might need to move to outside linebacker on next level. 
							
2017	Jordan Leggett	2557885	TE	Clemson	Leggett wears the No. 16 jersey at Clemson as a tribute to his friend and former high school teammate, Ian Lockwood. The figure is the total of Lockwood's No. 10 jersey and Leggett's six. Lockwood passed away from brain cancer in 2011, but Leggett has stayed close with the family and wears a Livestrong bracelet every day as a reminder of his friend. Leggett's play on the field the past two seasons has gained him significant notoriety, being named a first-team All-ACC selection and finalist for the John Mackey Award as the nation's top tight end. As a junior, he caught 40 passes for 525 yards and eight touchdowns. Leggett had 46 receptions for 736 yards (16.0 per) and scored seven times in Clemson's 2016 national championship season. During his first two seasons playing in Death Valley, the Florida product contributed heavily (one start, 12-176, two TDs in 2013; seven starts, 14-161, TD in 2014).	Outstanding size for the position. Has experience playing in-line, from slot, and as a wingback. Former high school receiver with natural, confident hands to snatch throws out in front of him. Just two drops over final two college seasons. Desired foot quickness in tight quarters. Seam-buster in Clemson's offense. Has feel for finding the throw when working over top of linebackers between the hashes. Able to drop and dig out the low throws. Shows some ability to turn out edge linebackers when he puts his mind to it. Rises to the occasion, with big games against Florida State in 2015 and 2016 and another against Alabama in National Championship. Saw his yards-per-touch increase to 17.1 in 2016.
								Has referred to himself as lazy in the past. Passion and urgency seem to be tied to a switch he flips for the big games. Lacks natural flexibility as an athlete. Shows stiffness in his routes. Leans into his breaks rather than sink hips and has no explosion out of his cuts. Struggles to get route back on track quickly once redirected with force. Catch radius is marginal. Fights his body to adjust to throws behind him and high. Loose with football after the catch. Aggressiveness and desire to block are questioned by scouts. Lacks instincts and block-sustaining as a move blocker. Accepts the brunt of the force at the point of attack. Is a little plodding coming off line of scrimmage and into his routes.
							
2017	Jeremy Sprinkle	2557886	TE	Arkansas	One of the perks of going to a bowl game is getting a "gift bag" from the game sponsor. The Razorbacks went to the Belk Bowl this year, and as a bonus, got $450 to spend at a Belk department store the week before the game. Unfortunately, Sprinkle tried to take more than that amount from the store, and was cited with shoplifting the extra items and suspended for the game. He had played well in his senior year, however, making 33 catches for 380 yards and four scores in 11 starts for Razorbacks. In fact, Sprinkle has been a productive player ever since his freshman year (two starts, catching four passes for 68 yards). He caught seven passes for 84 yards as a sophomore and started seven games, making 27 receptions for 389 yards and six touchdowns (tops for SEC tight ends).	Combination tight end who doesn't have to leave the field. Has arm length and base to help in pass protection. Effective blocker willing to do the physical work. Snaps into down blocks and secures. Strong hands lead to sustained blocks. Able to engage and sustain against safeties in space. Long frame with room to carry more weight. Has arm length and hand size of an NFL offensive tackle. Big, presentable target over the middle. Plus red-zone worker. Sells blocks on delayed-release play-action. Burrows into holes of zone and protects passes with his frame. Goes down to pick low throws off top of grass. Sneaky build-up of speed in routes. Long strides eat up ground as route progresses. Can pull away from linebackers on intermediate routes. Uses height, arm length, and high-point technique to go way up the ladder and over top of defenders. Nasty stiff-arm after catch. Above-average body control for size. 
								Needs more work on arm day in the gym. Upper-body thickness hasn't caught up with frame yet. Feet a bit heavy out of release and into routes. Legs and arms flail away into some of his breaks. Below-average at utilizing route leverage to create additional throwing room for quarterbacks. Needs to adjust crossing routes to keep defenders on his hip. Lacks short-area quickness to make defenders miss after catch. Needs to work back to ball more often. If block assignment vacates, he doesn't find new work. Instincts as blocker need work as he appears lost at times. Hand placement is average. Ankle injury limited his effectiveness for about a month. 
							
2017	Haason Reddick	2557887	DE	Temple	Reddick's athleticism has blossomed over the past two seasons for the Owls. The former high school running back and safety showed flashes as a pass rusher in his redshirt freshman (14 tackles, four for loss, one sack) and sophomore (23 tackles, seven TFL, 1.5 sacks) seasons. Reddick and teammate Dion Dawkins got into trouble for an assault outside a Philadelphia nightclub in March 2015, but was not suspended. He was selected for honorable mention All-American Athletic Conference honors that year, starting 12 times, making 45 tackles, 12.5 for loss, and five sacks. The Camden, New Jersey native garnered first-team all-conference recognition for head coach Matt Rhule as a senior, finishing third in the nation with 22.5 tackles for loss and leading the Owls with 10.5 sacks.	Explosive, quick-twitch athlete. Great flexibility with loose hips to turn, twist, and chase. Excellent reactive quickness and change-of-direction agility. Dynamic playmaker in space. Locks onto targets and instantly accelerates to the ball. Finished 2016 regular season with 21.5 tackles for loss. Fluid mover around field. Has chase range over extended territory. Eyes work past blockers and into backfield. Slips and slides around the edge and through small creases. Always working feet into improved positioning after contact. Came in as a defensive back and has experience on all three levels. Has athleticism in space and necessary instincts to be legit cover talent as linebacker. Rushes with good bend and forward lean. Difficult to handle on tackle/end twists back inside. Turns corner with tight track to quarterback once he pries the edge open. 
								Undersized by NFL standards for position he's currently playing. Labors to disengage once size is on top of him. Will need more play strength to ward off NFL blockers. Improving with hands, but needs to continue technique work to control blockers. Lacks necessary bulk, length, and play strength to set a strong edge as an NFL 3-4 outside linebacker. Marginal speed-to-power ability. Connects and sticks to tackles when trying to bull-rush under their pads. Pass rush reliant upon athletic talent and cursory hand play. Needs more diversified rush plans. Slides off of too many tackles. Missed 16 tackles over final two seasons at Temple. Needs to chest-up and run feet through contact. Played in fewer than 70 percent of team's defensive snaps. 
							
2017	Greg Pyke	2557888	OG	Georgia	NA	Gritty and determined. Fights as hard as he can on each play. Has starting experience at both guard and tackle. Comfortable lateral movement when asked to pull. Gets out in front as puller or in screen passes with good pace. Initial blow carries some pop and continues to work his feet through the contact. Works double teams well as a guard. 
								Short legs with longer torso. Lacking NFL length. Leads with chest and is late with hands. Beaten frequently in battle for "first hands" into frame. Below-average body control. Difficulties coming to balance and redirecting his weight in space. Unable to sustain blocks for very long. Tight hips and narrow base allow defenders to slide off of his blocks. Tends to play upright and straight-legged. 
							
2017	Gerald Everett	2557889	TE	South Alabama	It's become a tradition for a former high school or college basketball player with limited football experience to become an intriguing tight end prospect. Everett played just one year of high school football while starting on the hardcourt, then went to Hutchinson Community College to hone his skills so major programs would find his talent. He showed talent in his only year at Alabama-Birmingham (17-292, 1 TD) but was forced to transfer after the school cut the program. South Alabama was glad to have him, as he earned first-team All-Sun Belt notice in 2015 (41-575, eight TD) and 2016 (49-717, four TD).	Slick athlete with leftover wide receiver traits. Easy acceleration into routes and can blow by safeties who sit down looking for a route break for too long. Good acceleration off of plant foot in route breaks. Can create immediate separation. Carries play speed throughout routes. Cover linebackers are usually in for a rough day vs. Everett, who eats in the middle of the field and shows no fear. Maximizes arm length for wide catch radius. Hands look fairly natural as pass catcher. Adds to totals with yards after catch. Runs physically and with excellent balance. Rips his legs through arm-tackle attempts. Instinctive runner who sets up blocks on bubble screens. Alters stride length to elude diving tackle attempts. Able to work all three levels of the field. Blocks with anger and is prone to longer engagements than most blockers on perimeter. Put on a show, including game-winning touchdown, in upset of Mississippi State on the road.
								Route running doesn't appear to be high on his priority list. Routes are rounded, dull and lack urgency. Leans into most of his breaks. Talented cover safeties can jump his routes. Drifts on square-ins, allowing deep safeties a door into the play. Needs work on double moves. Could have issues playing through route redirection off line of scrimmage. Shows deceleration when locating ball on deep throws. Hands are small. Too many one-handed stab attempts on throws outside his frame limit ability to make the "wow" catches. Touchdown production lower than expected.
							
2017	Forrest Lamp	2557890	OG	Western Kentucky	Lamp finished a brilliant career for the Hilltoppers by scoring a touchdown in the team's bowl game. It was a designed "tackle screen", actually, and the speed he showed with the ball in his hands was indicative of his athleticism. Lamp earned honorable-mention All-Sun Belt honors starting at guard (three games) and left tackle (nine games) as a redshirt freshman in 2013. He stayed at his left tackle home the next year, garnering honorable mention All-Conference USA notice as the team moved to that league. The past two years, Lamp was a first-team all-conference selection, starting every game on the blind side. He was a third-team Associated Press All-American as a senior.	Compact build but not lacking athleticism. Able to redirect weight back inside. Showed nimble feet when handling spin moves and inside shots from LSU's Arden Key in 2015. Patient. Works feet and hips into position before engaging. Secures block with chopping feet and quality positioning. Bends and looks for low-man leverage with hip thrust under him. Uses short, controlled punch in run game. Clever with hands in pass protection. Throws short, teaser jab with outside hand to entice rushers into premature hand fighting. Effective counter-puncher defending edge and clears his chest and re-sets hands if defender gets into him first. Rarely bull-rushed. Processes quickly when defense runs games up front.
								Average frame and might not be able to add much more bulk to it. Lack of height and arm length will likely drive him inside. Expedited engagement on interior could prevent counter-punching style with hands. Will have to learn to keep hands in ready position and shoot them with tighter track into the frame. Positional blocker lacking NFL power as a drive-blocking guard. Lack of girth will require consistent pad level and a little wider base.
							
2017	Ethan Pocic	2557891	C	LSU	Brothers Ethan and Graham Pocic (pronounced po-sick) had great success as college football centers. Graham was a two-time honorable mention Big Ten honoree with their home-state college, Illinois, and now Ethan is having his day as an All-SEC center with an NFL future. The Parade High School All-American enrolled at LSU a semester early, and it paid off when he played in six games the following fall, starting once. He got the full-time gig in 2014, lining up nine games at right guard and three more in the pivot. Pocic received second-team all-conference recognition as a junior, leading the Tigers in knockdowns with 132.5 in just 12 games. He finished off his career with a first-team All-SEC nod in 2016, as well as multiple second and third-team All-American honors.	Five-for-one lineman offering roster flexibility; has played tackle, guard and center. Determined player. Shoots hands inside defenders frame and keeps them there. Shows the hand strength and body control to "ride the bull" against stronger players while remaining engaged. Rapid lateral movement allows him to slide along his gap to pick up blitzers. Pass sets feature adequate base width and solid hand quickness. Fluid combo-blocker who glides easily to his second-level targets with good angles. Patient blocker on second level. Able to wait as long as possible for committing to his block in space. Features good body control and high connection rate on blocks in space. Athletic on pull blocks and screens and able to make blocks well down the field. Smart and makes the offensive calls. 
								Tall for a center, losing some leverage battles because of it. Athletic ability offset by below-average core strength. Doesn't play with the pad level or leg drive to uproot defenders without help. Gets jarred by power across from him. Upper body strength needs work. Anchor will always be an issue against zero-technique nose guards. Gives into pocket pushers, creating traffic in the backfield. Defenders able to drive through his edge and redirect attempts. Can be quicker into proper positioning for reach blocks. Has difficulty securing zone blocks at times.
							
2017	Donnel Pumphrey	2557892	RB	San Diego St.	Pumphrey and Ron Dayne are now the top two rushers in FBS history, even though San Diego State's small and quick runner (listed at 5-foot-9, 180 pounds) couldn't be any different in style than the brutish former Heisman Trophy winner. Pumphrey beat the record in his final game, finishing off an All-American season where he led with nation with 2,133 rushing yards on 349 carries (tied for most in FBS) and 17 scores (along with 27-231 receiving). He won the Mountain West Offensive Player of the Year this fall, repeating the honor he was given in 2015 for covering 1,653 yards and scoring 17 touchdowns on 309 carries. He also led the Aztecs with 28 receptions, accumulating 416 yards and three scores. Pumphrey set a school record with 1,867 yards while scoring 20 times as a sophomore, earning the first of three first-team All-Mountain West accolades. As a freshman, he only started one game but still had 256 totes for 1,244 yards and 15 touchdowns (with 22-234, two TD receiving).	Produced at high levels. Patient but decisive when he sees it. Accesses instant turbo burst. Rarely loses races to and around the edge. Plus vision creates ability to navigate shifting run creases like a seasoned veteran. Slaloms through traffic from side to side with seamless, tight jump cuts. Keeps tight track through the gaps, maintaining distance from defensive linemen. Able to string moves together. Razor-sharp cutbacks at challenging angles are his thing. Made a rare 90-degree cut out of a downhill run against South Alabama. Excels in outside zone but has courage to stick it between tackles. Extremely elusive in open field after catch. Used as matchup weapon out of backfield. Good route runner who creates necessary separation.
								Undersized. Lacks the leg thickness and overall physical strength desired out of an NFL running back. Spirit is willing but flesh is weak. Arm tackles are able to end his journey. Willing to accelerate into defender, but doesn't have the pop to break tackles or fall forward after contact. Quicker than fast. Will get caught from behind. Body catcher with average hands that lead to double catches. Too small to protect against NFL blitzers as third-down back.
							
2017	Devonte' Fields	2557893	OLB	Louisville	This athletic pass rusher has seen great highs and the lowest of lows during his college career. A high school All-American, Fields stayed home in Fort Worth to play for Texas Christian University. He was named the Big 12 Defensive Freshman of the Year and first-team all-conference in 2012, leading TCU with 18.5 tackles for loss and 10 sacks. Then things went downhill, with Fields playing just three games in 2013 due to a foot injury. He was suspended two games that year, was robbed and shot near his apartment, then surrendered to police for a domestic violence incident in July 2014. That led to his dismissal from the Horned Frogs, and his attending Trinity Valley Community College (6.5 sacks, team went undefeated) the following fall. Louisville took a chance on Fields' talents before the 2015 season, and it paid off as he was an honorable mention All-ACC pick with a nation-leading 22.5 tackles for loss and a team-leading 11 sacks. His production fell off in 2016 (nine TFL, six sacks), but he was named first-team all-conference by league coaches all the same.	Talented athlete with loose hips. Has foot quickness and agility to become more disruptive player if motor catches. Has an undeniable burst to the ball once he sees the opening. Able to close out quarterbacks and ball carriers quickly. Can twitch and make sudden change-of-direction leaps to secure running backs racing through the line of scrimmage. Able to mirror and sack scrambling quarterbacks. Subtle change of direction and shifting of gears creates openings for him as a rusher. Possesses quick, inside jump-cut as a counter rush move. Better pad level could elevate effectiveness of his counter. 
								Short strider who doesn't come up the field at full speed to threaten edge. Hands linger at the top of the pass rush. Needs to be more physical and explosive with hands for greasing the edge for decisive wins. Effort level needs an upgrade. Tends to loaf if play isn't headed in his direction. Inconsistent production since his freshman season at TCU. Has issues holding ground against power. Catches blocks over punching and separating to control the point of attack. Character red flags are a concern. Kicked out of TCU as a sophomore following domestic-violence allegations (he was eventually charged, but the charges were dismissed after he agreed to attend an anger-management course). 
							
2017	Demarcus Walker	2557894	DE	Florida St.	Walker is one of the few big recruits (top 50 overall nationally) that slipped out of Alabama head coach Nick Saban's grasp. He switched his commitment to Jimbo Fisher and enrolled at FSU a semester early to participate in spring practices. Walker parlayed that extra playing time in his freshman season, starting three of the 12 games he played (18 tackles, two TFL, one sack). He won a starting job in 11 of 14 games for the national champions in 2014 (38 tackles, six TFL, one sack) before coming on strong as a junior, garnering third-team all-ACC notice from league coaches (58 tackles, 15.5 TFL, 10.5 sacks, and five pass breakups) and receiving the Seminoles' team Defensive MVP award. Walker started off his senior season with a bang, making 4.5 sacks in the team's win over Ole Miss. He also finished the year well, putting up four tackles for loss in Florida State's win over Michigan in the Orange Bowl. Walker was named a first-team All-American by the Walter Camp Foundation and first-team All-ACC for his production: 68 tackles, 21.5 TFL (eighth in the FBS), 16 sacks (second in the FBS).	Ties quick swim move to his jump-step in order to climb over top of pass protection. Posted eye-popping sack production (25) over last two seasons at FSU. Attempts to play past the blocker rather than giving in. Always searching for new opening when original rush move is stymied. When rush stalls, he spies quarterback and gets hand in alleys. Eight career passes defensed. Gathers blockers to set up teammates when first on twists. Active, heavy tackler. Stack-and-shed power on the edge when pad level is right. Thick bubble and thighs with ability to carry more mass. Able to stuff cut blocks and keep his feet clean. Hasty with hands and lands first. Engages and mirrors flow of running back with square pads. Durable and dependable; played in 90 percent of the defensive snaps 2016.
								Inconsistent motor. Allows backside tackle opportunities to escape his grasp when he's not hustling. Range as a tackler is average. A step slow when sliding down line to constrict cutback lanes. Needs to show quicker feet. Struggles to work feet and hips back into playmaking position once beaten on reach blocks. Pops straight and loses his leverage when fatigued. Doesn't have the juice or hips to consistently bend the edge as a pro rusher. Needs two-way goes to do his best pass rush work. Moves well, but lacks suddenness and play speed is average. Level of play greatly impacted by fatigue level.
							
2017	Dede Westbrook	2557895	WR	Oklahoma	Dede (pronounced DEE-dee) Westbrook originally committed to Texas State as a three-star recruit from an area of Texas northeast of Austin. But he went to Texas junior college football powerhouse Blinn Community College instead, receiving much interest from FBS schools after a junior college All-American 2014 season where he finished with 76 catches for 1,487 yards and 13 touchdowns. Westbrook chose Oklahoma as his next stop, earning the Big 12 Offensive Newcomer Year (46-743, four TD) in 2015. After three games with some success in 2016, Westbrook went on an historic stretch to complete the season, earning unanimous first-team All-American honors with 80 catches for 1,524 yards (a healthy 19.1 per) and 17 touchdowns. It was discovered that Westbrook was accused of domestic violence against the mother of his two children in 2012 and 2013, though he was never convicted in either case. He has stated that those problems have been put behind them.	Plays with sudden feet in tight quarters. Uncovers quickly while working underneath. Rhythmic cadence in his routes. Dangerous after the catch. Vertical transitions in his routes are smooth and sudden with loads of acceleration. Patient in routes and reads corners hips to time his cuts. Works back to most every throw with vacuum-like hands. Improviser who finds open spots for a scrambling quarterback. Leverages cornerbacks toward hash to create throwing room to boundary on fades and deep balls. Long speed looks legit. Runs under and through the deep ball with desired tracking over his shoulder. More than 25 percent of his catches went for 25-plus yards in 2016. Plays bigger than his size. Willing worker in front of safeties in middle of the field. Shadow blocker, but willing to maintain positioning as long as he has to. Utilized as kick and punt returner in important spots. Had punt return touchdown and kick return of 63 yards in 2016. 
								Thin legs on painfully thin frame. Could have issues holding up against NFL size. Can be a little lackadaisical with the simple routes. Needs to back corners off with greater show of vertical push into routes. Play speed is inconsistent. Ohio State leveraged him against the boundary and he couldn't escape. Production helped along by woeful opponents across from him. Allowed free releases and rarely faced physical challenges. Could struggle with contested catches on the next level due to size. Scheme allowed for less safety help over the top and more one-on-one looks. Character concerns will need to be addressed with NFL teams.
							
2017	Stacy Coley	2557896	WR	Miami	There was fear that Coley would be caught up in a NCAA investigation into improper car rental benefits before the 2016 season, but the star receiver was cleared to work with quarterback Brad Kaaya this fall. In fact, Coley caught the pass that made Kaaya the school's all-time leader in passing yardage. The past two seasons, Coley was named third-team All-ACC because of his playmaking abilities. He led the Canes in receptions with 63 this year, covering 754 yards and scoring nine times. Coley was a part-time starter in each of his first three seasons as well (33-591, 7 TD in 2013; 23-184 in 2014; 47-689, 4 TD while fighting a hamstring injury in 2015).	Smooth and rhythmic as a runner. Able to eat into corner cushion right away and put slower corners into panic mode. Has desired forward lean into routes and operates with consistent tempo. Strong vertical push frees him for wide-open looks underneath against off-coverage. Creates separation on crossers and posts with his speed alone. Operates with plus body control. Makes late adjustments to throws to snare challenging catches. Possesses another gear to track down the deep shots. Overcame early drop issues over first two seasons in Miami. Dangerous post-catch. Eludes tacklers in cramped quarters and can burst to daylight.
								Scouts question his passion for the game. Basic release fundamentals off line of scrimmage rarely cross up press corners. Route work needs an overhaul. His breaks are rounded and predictable. Good pattern readers will run his routes for him. Tries to create openings with uninspired head fakes and stiff upper body. Patterns lack leverage points to create space. Has some issues tracking the deep ball. Taps brakes prematurely when he can't find ball early. Could struggle against big, physical bump-and-run cornerbacks. Successful intermediate work was rare. Shoulder issues sidetracked him in 2014 and he was slowed by hamstring problems in 2015.
							
2017	Davis Webb	2557897	QB	California	Webb has been on both sides of the quarterback depth chart battle during his four years in college. The Texas native signed up to play for then-new head coach Kliff Kingsbury's wide-open offense at Texas Tech. He ended up taking the reins of that offense halfway through his true freshman season, unseating future two-year Heisman Trophy finalist Baker Mayfield (who moved on to Oklahoma the next year) in the process. He played in 10 games, starting six, that year, completing 62.6 percent of his passes for 2,718 yards and 20 touchdowns, with nine interceptions. Webb started eight games the following year (2,539 yards, 24 TD, 13 INT, 61.2 completion pct), but lost the job to Patrick Mahomes. He played in just five games the next year as Mahomes' back-up (22-of-41, 300 yards, two TD, zero INT), leading to his decision to transfer as a graduate student. He initially agreed to go to Colorado but eventually switched to Cal to replace the number one pick in the 2016 draft, Jared Goff. Webb started all 12 games for the Bears, earning honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors (4,295 yards, 37 TD, 12 INT, 61.6 completion pct.)	Stands tall in the pocket with a high release point. Rhythm passer. Can drive it with accuracy between hashes when allowed to sling from a clean pocket. Shows patience to allow crossing routes to clear traffic. Expedites release with compact delivery when blitzed. Functional poise with blitz in his face. Slides to create cleaner platform to launch from when pocket gets noisy. Internal clock is operational. Has feel for when ball has been in his hands too long and will look to release it. Feet are good enough to operate in a boot-action passing attack. Completion percentage saw an uptick in the fourth quarter in 2016. 
								Robotic decision-making. Decision on where to go with ball seems predetermined despite coverages. Needs to get better at manipulating safeties with his eyes. Inconsistent velocity to sideline causes nose of ball to dip. Drive throws sometime sail. Has slow setup in pocket with excessive pre-release steps. Cornerbacks contest too many throws due to lack of anticipation. Timing passes must come out sooner.  Plagued by accuracy issues and decision-making outside the numbers on both intermediate and deep throws. Five of his 12 interceptions in 2016 were along deep sidelines due to under-throws and failure to read safety help. Touch and placement are an issue when forced to leave the pocket. Not a factor as a scrambler. 
							
2017	Cooper Kupp	2557898	WR	Eastern Washington	Kupp is the most prolific pass-catcher in Football Championship Subdivision history, setting all-time records in total receptions (428), receiving yards (6,464), and receiving touchdowns (73). He is the son of a former NFL player (Craig was a fifth-round pick in 1990) and grandson of a New Orleans Saints Hall of Famer (Jake was an offensive lineman in the NFL from 1964-75). He won just about every award he could win in his four years with the Eagles, staring with the Jerry Rice Award as the top FCS freshman when he started all 15 games, making 93 catches for 1,691 yards and 21 touchdowns. As a sophomore, Kupp fought through an ankle injury but was still an All-American receiver (104-1,431, six TD), third-team punt returner (10-162, TD), and Academic All-American. He won all of those awards again in 2015, in addition to the Walter Payton Award as the FCS's best player as he led the nation in all three major categories (114-1,642, 19 TD). Kupp again proved to be the best receiver in the FCS in 2016, leading all with 117 receptions, 1,700 receiving yards, and 17 receiving touchdowns in another consensus All-American season.	Elite level of production for any level of football. Finished career as Division I career leader in receptions, yards and touchdowns. Hands are natural and strong. Catches passes like his idol, Larry Fitzgerald. Plucks it away from his body and immediately tucks it away. Utilizes route speed variances to create deep-ball opportunities. Extremely confident and competitive. Bodies up cornerbacks to win contested catches. Believes he can catch every throw and is able to make the circus grab look easy at times. Excellent ball-tracker. Uses force and leverage at break points to help create room out of his cuts. Manipulates coverage with head fakes and stutter-steps. Strong football bloodlines; grandfather played for years as an NFL guard and father was drafted by Giants as fifth-round quarterback in 1990. 
								A little upright though his routes. Lateral quickness out of breaks underneath provide no early separation. Operated as big slot but could lack separation quickness to open clean throwing windows underneath for NFL quarterbacks. Build-up runner who doesn't seem to eat up the early cushion. Some scouts question ability to be a productive starter as outside receiver. Excessive fakes and jukes into breaks at times; will need to win with more efficient routes. Protracted gear-down getting into breaks for deep comebacks. 
							
2017	Greg Mabin	2557899	CB	Iowa	NA	Gets most out of jam and redirect opportunities. Looks comfortable and competent from bail coverage. Shows better stop-start change of direction laterally than hip tightness would suggest. Stakes a claim with inside leverage and fights to maintain it. Prudent versus double moves and shows some ability to pattern match in that regard. Willing to step downhill and take on his task in run support.
								Not a playmaker. Too tall in his backpedal. Hips are stiff and limit his reactive quickness. Short-strider unable to drive hard to the throw once it's out of quarterback's hands. Got his hands on just 3-of-48 targets in senior season. Play speed below average. Hips slow to unlock and open from press coverage, and gets way behind when beaten by early speed. Shows some confusion from zone coverage. Misses too many tackles. Missed end of senior season with a broken bone in lower right leg.
							
2017	Riley Bullough	2557900	LB	Michigan St.	The Bullough family is devoted to Sparty. Riley became the fourth member of the family to play in East Lansing, with all four topping 200 career tackles (uncle Chuck had 391; father Shane, had 311; brother Max had 299; Riley with 214). His grandfather Hank was also an MSU offensive lineman and went on to play for the Green Bay Packers and coach for years in the NFL. Bullough redshirted his first year on campus, becoming one of the top players on the scout team. He moved from linebacker to fullback the following spring, playing as a reserve (22-83 rushing; 3-11 receiving) and on special teams as a sophomore until moving back to defense before the bowl game. Back at linebacker full-time in 2014, Bullough started one of 13 games played (29 tackles, four TFL, 3.5 sacks). His play against Baylor on the final series of the Cotton Bowl secured a victory, as he assisted on a sack and intercepted a pass with two seconds remaining. That play portended a second-team All-Big Ten junior year where he led the Spartans with 106 tackles (7.5 for loss, four sacks). Bullough showed up again in the team's semifinal loss to Alabama, making 11 tackles. Voted a team captain in 2016, Bullough was also a third-team all-conference pick (76 tackles, 6.5 TFL) despite missing three games with a shoulder injury. He won the team's "Most Inspirational Player" award in each of his final two seasons, as well.	Football smart and understands his run fits. Willing to play downhill and get dirty. Gets most out of his natural play speed. Will accelerate into contact to maximize his force. Senses running back's shifting path and responds. Makes well-timed leaps to take down perimeter runs before they hit the corner. Reads and responds to quarterback's eyes in space. Snared four interceptions over 2014-15 seasons. Football is in his veins. Along with father (Shane), uncle (Chuck) and brother (Max), Riley is one of four Bullough family members to lead the Spartans in tackles. Max plays for the Texans.
								Better junior tape than in 2016. Small for the inside and gets swallowed by size. Uses shoulder-over-hands technique in take-on opportunities. Average athletic ability. Struggles to recover if he overshoots his run fit. Tight hips preclude effective change of direction and short-area burst to close out cutting runners. Too many shoe-string tackle attempts. Stiffer than you like in coverage. Missed three games in 2016 with shoulder injury. Logged three personal fouls in first quarter against Maryland, including ejection for targeting.
							
2017	Carl Lawson	2557901	DE	Auburn	After struggling to stay on the field for a couple of seasons, Lawson came through with the effort everyone expected in 2016. The first-team All-SEC selection had 13.5 tackles for loss including nine sacks for the Tigers in his junior year. This production was anticipated by Auburn coaches in 2014 after Lawson was a Freshman All-American the previous season (7.5 tackles for loss, four sacks, two forced fumbles). He injured his left knee (ACL) in the spring, however, forcing him to take a medical redshirt. The following year he was named a team captain but again missed half of the year with a hip injury, managing just one sack in seven games. Lawson went through the Senior Day ceremony with his classmates this fall, knowing his college career was coming to an end.	Well-built with good muscular definition. Strong upper body. Has crisp, sharp hands. Able to strike and release to shed tight ends quickly. Aggressive setting edge and works with maxed-out arm extension after punch. Fights through down blocks from tight ends and receivers to string outside runs to the sideline. Could play standing up or with a hand on the ground. Has NFL power and aggressiveness. Explosive get-off with some heat in his feet over first two steps upfield. Good forward lean into his rush. Slaps and chops at tackle's punch to soften the edge. Takes tight, linear track to quarterback with big close-out burst once he turns the corner. Experience rushing from interior-line spot and stand-up inside backer. Finesse tackles will struggle to handle his speed-to-power bursts.
								Injuries have side-tracked playing time and production over the years. Missed 2014 with ACL tear and six games in 2015 with hip injury. Face-up rusher who struggles to get hip flip or shoulder turn at the top of his rush. Takes predictable tracks in his pass rushes and gets stuck on blocks. Needs creative rush attack with legitimate counters. Hips are tight and restrictive in lower half. Needs better knee bend throughout the rep. His momentum is sometimes too much to overcome. Washed up and around the arc and unable to drop anchor and take a stand. Poor tackle production. Pursuit is too measured and uneven. Below-average lateral agility limits tackle radius. Too content to ride out the edges he sets rather than looking to eat as tackler.
							
2017	Cameron Sutton	2557902	CB	Tennessee	Coming into his senior season, Sutton was one of the rare SEC players that started every game since arriving on campus. Unfortunately, a fractured ankle suffered against non-conference foe Ohio University put him on the shelf for about half the year. In seven games, had 23 tackles, two for loss, an interception and four pass breakups. Sutton could have left for the NFL after his junior season, where he earned All-American honors from the FWAA and Sporting News as a punt returner (25-467, two TD) and played well on defense (28 tackles, 3 TFL, one INT, six PBU). He led the Vols with 16 passes defensed as a sophomore (three INT, 13 PBU -- two vs Iowa in bowl game victory) and excelled on special teams, as well (14-158, TD on punt returns). Sutton made headlines as a freshman starter in 2013, becoming the first freshman to return an interception for a touchdown since star safety Eric Berry in 2007 when he did so against Western Kentucky early in the year. He finished the year with a team-high nine passes defensed (two INT, seven PBU).	Man-cover corner with feet to mirror and match off line of scrimmage. Responsive to route keys from wideouts. Decent instincts looking to jump hitches and wide receiver screens. Desired fluidity of movement with ability to open and run from backpedal. Confident in coverage and rarely penalized. Good acceleration to ball raking across catch point when he gets there. High school wideout with soft hands and smart angles to the ball. Finished career with 37 passes defensed including seven interceptions. Allowed just three touchdowns during career. Praised by coaches for competitive character and selfless, team-first attitude. Worked his tail off to return to field after fracturing ankle in mid-September. Punt-return talent; career average of 14.9 yards with three touchdowns. 
								Frame needs more muscle. Too passive in press coverage, failing to land solid hands that slow opponent or redirect their routes. Can be bodied around by big wideouts. Plays a little tall in his backpedal. Feet lack some twitch when asked to plant and explode forward from pedal. Has issues with back to the quarterback; late to turn and find the ball, allowing catches over his head. Could struggle to carry long speed down the field. Operates with short arms and small hands. Unreliable in run support with too many side-swipe, grab-and-drag attempts. Missed six games with fractured ankle early in senior season. 
							
2017	Blake Jarwin	2557903	TE	Oklahoma St.	Oklahoma State instituted a new "Cowboy" position in their offense in 2015, a hybrid fullback/tight end position that has become more popular in college and NFL football. Jarwin filled that role each of the last two seasons admirably. He failed to get on the field as a redshirt freshman walk-on in 2013 and then contributing at the tight end spot in 2014 (two starts, 5-107, one TD). Jarwin was a first-team All-Big 12 pick as a junior, catching 17 passes for 200 yards and two scores despite missing time with a rib injury. He made some big plays in his senior season (19-309, two TD), as well, on his way to a second-team all-conference selection.	Used everywhere -- in-line, as a wing, from the slot, and split wide. Smooth acceleration into routes. Operated underneath for Oklahoma State, but has the athleticism to threaten downfield. Crisp in his route work. Snaps routes off quickly and works back to the throw. Tough over the middle and fights for contested catches. Good flexibility to twist and adjust to throws. Excellent leaper who can go get it. Focus drops from 2015 became catches in 2016. Immediate north-south runner after the catch. Can drag tackles for extra yardage. Instinctive lead blocker who makes good reads. Can adjust to moving targets on second level.
								More of a pre-snap squat than a pre-snap stance with legs very wide. Inconsistent blocker when asked to play in-line. Play strength needs work; can be tossed around at point of attack. Needs to activate hands as second-level blocker rather than relying on light shoulder checks. Takes poor angles to edge rushers when asked to pass protect. Lack of getaway burst after the catch limits his playmaking potential. Limited production as pass catcher over last three years.
							
2017	Johnny Caspers	2557904	C	Stanford	NA	Comes from an offensive line where technique and fundamentals are stressed. Has experience at both guard and center in college. Loads of experience as a pulling guard. Displays footwork necessary to get out of his stance cleanly and into short- and long-pull scenarios. Has improved some in pass protection. Works hard to keep pad level in check. Always looking for work when uncovered in pass protection and will land heavy thud into the ribs of an engaged opponent.
								Athletic ability is below NFL standards. Clumsy in space. Struggles to adjust to moving targets and too often finds feet out of place when he does get to his target. Has issues gathering himself and coming to balance even on short pulls. Becomes the nail rather than the hammer due to lack of first-strike success. Missing the footwork and balance to consistently make cutoff blocks on the second level. Fails to consistently make centered contact and defenders slide out of his clutches. Head-ducker into his pass punch and takes too long to find looper into his gap after passing off initial twister. Hand placement is awful at times.
							
2017	Amara Darboh	2557905	WR	Michigan	Darboh's family story is very different from most other draft prospects. They left Sierra Leone to avoid war when was Amara was very young, coming to America (Des Moines, Iowa) when he was seven years old. Darboh became a United States citizen in September 2015. He played as a reserve as a freshman in 2011 (no statistics) but had to redshirt in 2013 due to a pre-season foot injury. Darboh came back to be a part-time starter in 2014 (36-473, two TD) and then earned honorable mention All-Big Ten accolades in 2015 (58-727, five TD). His senior year was his best, becoming a second-team all-conference player as the Wolverines' leading receiver (57-862, seven TD).	Good NFL size with above-average arm length. Experience in Michigan's pro-style passing attack. Saw increase in targets and responded with improved production. In 2016, had at least one catch of at least 30 yards in eight of first nine games, outplaying highly regarded teammate Jehu Chesson. Fluid working two-way releases from slot. Smooth transitions in his routes. Won't give away plant-and-go cuts to the post, allowing him to stay ahead of the cornerback. Heady player. Adjusts routes to create better throwing opportunities for quarterbacks. Accepts responsibility as blocker climbing up to cornerbacks with some urgency of engagement. Able to sustain his block when run play flows his way. Locks up back-side safety blocks.
								Build-up runner who is slow to eat up cornerback cushion. Play speed appears to be average. Missing suddenness and twitch. Inconsistent release quickness against press. Could struggle to uncover against aggressive man coverage. Gradual sink into breaks alerts cornerbacks to slam on breaks and challenge the throw. Body catcher. Ball will beat him up and he suffers from focus drops. Needs to improve positioning against defensive backs. Rarely escapes a spirited tackle attempt. Not very dynamic after the catch.  
							
2017	Vince Biegel	2557906	OLB	Wisconsin	This two-time all-conference pick came from a football family. His father, Rocky, played linebacker at BYU while his uncle T.D. was a fullback for the Cougars. Vince's grandfather, Ken, played Division III ball and was a Wisconsin and national high school hall of fame coach. Coming from that lineage, it was no surprise Vince was the Wisconsin Gatorade Player of the Year as a senior (172 tackles, 21 sacks) and earned a scholarship to play for the Badgers. A foot injury ended his freshman season after two games, but he came on late the following year to start twice (25 tackles, three for loss, two sacks). Biegel led the Badgers with 16.5 tackles for loss (7.5 sacks) as a starter in 2014, and earned third-team All-Big Ten notice with 66 stops, 14 for loss, and eight sacks as a junior. Despite being limited for multiple games, missing two, with a broken foot, Biegel was a second-team All-Big Ten performer in 2016 (six TFL, four sacks).	Voted team captain. Known for intensity and all-out love for the sport. Instinctive. Diagnoses zone blocks quickly and darts through gaps into backfield to muddy backside cutback lanes. Works to keep outside shoulder uncovered for contain responsibilities against the run. Emotional leader for the Badgers. Wrap-up tackler looking to thud. Flashes desired pursuit speed to perimeter. First-strike specialist at point of attack. Lands hands first and immediate arm extension provides leverage against much bigger blockers. Adequate hip flexibility and change of direction to mirror play-action rollouts. Good run-pass recognition. Was asked to peel off and cover in space. Squeezes receivers from zone. Posted productive rush totals over sophomore and junior seasons. Father, uncle, grandfather and younger brother all played college ball.
								Undersized, and it often shows up on tape. Needs to increase play strength and add more bulk to his frame. Gets jostled around by tackles if he loses with his hands. Poor contact balance to fight through redirect blocks and can get shoved to turf. Average three-step burst upfield. Duck-foot rusher missing twitch and athleticism to bend the edge. Attempts to activate spin counter, but he's missing footwork to bring it home. "Take-on" anchor and power versus lead blockers is below average. Quick to stack, slow to shuck.
							
2017	Chunky Clements	2557907	DT	Illinois	Jarrod Clements has been known as "Chunky" since birth, though at 6-foot-2, 290 pounds he's by no means a large defensive tackle at the college level. He is active, though, making 11.5 tackles for loss (out of 35 total) in 2015 and seven (36) in 2016. Clements played sparingly as a freshman (four tackles, one for loss) before earning three starting assignments as an injury replacement in 2014 (24 tackles, six for loss, two sacks).	Strikes with power in his initial charge. Times snap and shoots into neutral zone with some quickness. Active and aggressive with hands and club moves. Finds his way into the gaps. Not a content pass rusher. Works to improve positioning and tries to find blocker's edge. Ties a basketball Euro-step with arm-over move to climb over top of guard. Active tackler for interior player. Forced three fumbles over final two seasons at Illinois.
								Short-stepper. Not fluid when moving laterally. Complete waste of time gaming him up front with twists. Counter moves in short supply. Once he gets behind in the rep, he rarely fights back into the play. Plays upright. Pad level gets him redirected out of gap and past tackle opportunities. Lacks the leverage and anchor to handle double-teams.
							
2017	Zach Banner	2557908	OT	USC	While known for his huge frame, Banner may be most proud of his honor of being a finalist for the 2012 Watkins Award as the nation's top African-American high school student-athlete. The USA Today All-American redshirted his first season with the Trojans and then spent most of the season on the sideline after having surgery on both hips. Banner got on the field in 2014, starting every game at the right tackle. He earned first-team All-Pac-12 recognition as well as the team's Offensive Lineman of the Year Award after starting 12 games at right tackle and two at left tackle. Banner was as heavy as 385 pounds as a junior, so he lost 40 pounds and repeated the all-conference effort at right tackle in 2016.	Massive man with good upper-body strength. Has length and girth to overwhelm smaller opponents. Able to withstand a bull rush thanks to enormous frame. Powerful road-grader who blasts holes open as down-blocker and generates movement with his base blocks. Leverage not always necessary to produce push at point of attack. Won't find him on the ground much. Decent athlete for his size. Functional combo blocker. Initial kick-slide is fairly smooth. Can make life miserable for pass rushers when he latches strong hands into their frame. Could play right tackle but would need help against edge speed. Balance and redirect are adequate.
								Weight concerns are a huge issue. Has seen weight balloon to 385 pounds. Pass pro is a major concern. Could be too big and bulky to handle NFL edge talent. Lacks athleticism and quickness to recover when beaten. Slower than desired out of stance. Has to open early and lunge to protect the edge in pass pro. Rarely flat-footed at punch, relying on girth over technique. Takes wide route to his target with punch. Doesn't mirror well enough to keep defender from escaping from side door once engaged. Lack of bend and high center of gravity could make move to guard a challenge. Has had issues with penalties during time as starter at USC. 
							
2017	Tyvis Smith	2557909	RB	Northern Iowa	NA	Possesses good size for the position. Has decent vision and generally makes good reads before cutting. Shows off necessary footwork to elude darting defenders shooting into the backfield. Athletic. Will leap up and over would-be tacklers in open field. Dependable pass catcher out of backfield. Sees blitzes and twists and moves to pick them up in pass protection. Has desired size to protect quarterback on third downs.
								Play speed is lacking. Runs at one speed with a lack of functional burst to consistently escape the clutches of first-level tacklers. Unable to accelerate to the corner and threaten the edge. Average route runner out of backfield and isn't much of a threat post-catch. Too often taps break over hitting gas before contact into tacklers. Below-average acceleration and takes awhile to gear up after gathering himself. Doesn't run with much bend and will takes on big hits.
							
2017	Steven Taylor	2557910	ILB	Houston	Few linebackers in college football have attacked the backfield as often as Taylor over the past two seasons. In the Cougar's scheme, the Texas native was consistently making plays behind the line of scrimmage in each of his four years as a starter. Taylor earned a starting job nine times as a redshirt freshman in 2013 (89 tackles, 10.5 for loss, three sacks, five pass break-ups), including an outstanding performance against Vanderbilt (14 tackles, 3.5 for loss) in the BBVA Compass Bowl. He started 10 games in 2013 (76 tackles, nine TFL, four sacks, three forced fumbles) but really came on as a junior. Taylor was a second-team All-AAC pick even though he led the conference in sacks that year with 10, as part of 92 stops in total, 18.5 for loss. He continued his playmaking ways in a first-team All-ACC 2016 season (74 tackles, 12 TFL, 8.5 sacks), though he was sat down for one game for violating team rules.	Has four years of starting experience with time spent at both inside and outside linebacker spots. Consistent in his tackle production. Very effective, sneaky blitzer. Has feel for the timing of the blitz. Sees blockers moving angles and finds his way to the quarterback. Uses hands well on the move, discarding blockers and positioning himself for the tackle. Soft hands when ball is thrown his way. Shows an ability to turn offenses over with fumbles forced and interceptions. 
								Duck-footed with heavy-legged pursuit to the ball. Not a cut-up, twitchy athlete. Too small for the interior. Takes time to ramp up to top speed after change of direction. Missing top gear to run sideline to sideline as an NFL linebacker. Allows his fundamentals to slip when fatigued. Plays too upright and with narrow base at times. Displays below-average contact balance when taking on blocks at an angle. 
							
2017	Sean Harlow	2557911	OG	Oregon St.	Football fans of a certain age remember Sean's dad, Pat, was an All-American tackle at USC and a first-round pick of the New England Patriots. The younger Harlow's toughness became evident over the past year, when he came back from a broken leg suffered halfway through the 2015 season to earn second-team All-Pac-12 honors at left tackle this year. He started seven games at the position at the beginning of his junior year and the final games on the blind side in 2016. Harlow practiced at every position on the line in 2014, starting all 12 games, five at right tackle and the last seven on the left side. The team had planned on redshirting him in 2013, even after he joined the team for the spring semester, but injuries on the line forced their hand. He started the final nine games of the year at right tackle.	Grinder who gives good effort in double teams and down blocks. Sinks hips into initial contact at point of attack. Plays with decent hand strength. Has some natural upper-body power. Able to lock-out and stalemate against power as base blocker. Keeps feet driving once he locks onto second-level foes. Looks to finish his blocks. Has taken multiple practice reps at center. Has experience at both tackle spots. Father, Pat, was an all-american offensive tackle at USC and a first-round pick of New England Patriots in 1991.
								Has short arms and operates with low hands pre-punch. Sluggish with eyes and feet. Gets behind in his blocks too often. Plodding feet create inefficient routes to his block. Legs straighten out after contact as run blocker. Struggles to control run blocks with hands due to lack of length. Bull-rushed the entire game by much smaller edge rushers. Struggles to drop anchor and fight back; could see the same results with move inside. 
							
2017	Marquez White	2557912	CB	Florida St.	A two-sport athlete, White played with the basketball Seminoles for six games in the 2013-2014 season. He quickly decided, however, that football was his best future profession. White was primarily played as a reserve and special teamer in 25 games in 2013 (12 tackles) and 2014 (three tackles). He earned a starting spot for all 13 games as a junior (25 tackles, two for loss, one interception, and two pass breakups). White was also a 13-game starter and honorable mention All-ACC from league media pick in 2016, intercepting two passes and breaking up four passes.	Spies quarterback from quarters coverage and drives early to underneath routes. Shows good awareness of routes around him. Willing to overlap his coverage responsibilities from off-man. Long arms and big hands. Jams with quick reaction time post-snap. Looks to land punch on inside shoulder. Crowds the outside release. Held opponents to completion percentage of just 32.1 percent in 2015. Allowed just one touchdown over last two seasons as field corner.
								Skinny and plays with a narrow base throughout the rep. Obvious balance issues transitioning from press into his turn. Lacks patience from press. Opens to first fake he sees. Tall, stiff backpedal. Gives away inside leverage, allowing open throwing windows. Poor career ball production with just 11 passes defensed. Slow to get head around to find ball. Delayed stick-and-click burst forward from backpedal. Waits on running backs to bring action to him. Allowed total of eight missed and broken tackles four to just 22 total tackles this season.
							
2017	Hardy Nickerson	2557913	LB	Illinois	NA	Always looking to play downhill. Is willing to take chances and shoot the gaps to make a play. Energetic and always plays as hard as he possibly can. Productive tackler, posting more than 100 tackles in each of his last two college seasons. Scrapes with square pads and good quickness. Has only allowed three broken tackles over his four years of football. Willing to fling himself into a gap and sacrifice his body against pulling guards and iso-blocking fullbacks. Father was one of the NFL's most menacing inside linebackers in his day.
								Struggles to disengage from big tight ends, and even wide receivers have had some success blocking him. Play strength must increase. Instincts are below average. Can be slow to read and react and will run himself out of his run fits more than he should. Herky-jerky and plays with excessive wasted motion post-snap. Takes inconsistent angles to the ball, which gets him beat in run game and in coverage. Submarines iso blocks on the edge of the run lane rather than the middle of the hole.
							
2017	Kyle Kalis	2557914	OG	Michigan	Kyle's father, Todd, was an offensive lineman at Arizona State and in the NFL for eight seasons. The younger Kalis would like to have a long pro career, as well, but also wishes to be a WWE wrestler at some point in the future. The Parade All-American originally committed to Ohio State but switched to Michigan when NCAA sanctions hit the Buckeyes program. In his redshirt freshman and sophomore seasons, Kalis started at right guard on a part-time basis (nine in 2013 and seven in 2014, playing in 24 games). He was an honorable mention All-Big Ten selection in 2015 after starting all 13 games, and a second-team all-conference pick as a senior.	Well-schooled in technique and works hard to play with good fundamentals. Hands in punch-ready position in pass sets. Looks to control defender's shoulder with his hands and generally lands an accurate strike. Operates with sturdy base and good balance. Utilizes flat-backed posture through his pass sets. Understands his assignments and follows them against blitzes and twists. Maintains desired base and posture throughout most pass sets. Has enough natural strength to withstand a strong bull-rusher.
								Might be playing with a base that is too wide. Wide base and upright pad level generates very little push as a drive blocker. Stiff throughout his lower body and operates with pounding, heavy feet. Pops straight up and takes restricted slow steps when pulling or when climbing to second level. Successful cut-off blocks on the second level will be a rarity in the pros. Forced to lean and lunge to try and redirect gap shooters due to slow feet. Must play in a phone booth rather than in space.
							
2017	James Quick	2557915	WR	Louisville	Quick's father, Rhoniya, played football at Louisville, but James had made his own name as a high school football star. The Associated Press Mr. Football award winner for Kentucky in 2012 caught a touchdown pass in four straight state title games. As a track athlete, he also set a state record in the 200 meters. After learning the ropes as a true freshman in 2013 (6-73 receiving), he became a starter the following year (36-566, three TDs) and contributed as a returner (8-156 kicks; 20-148 punts) even though he was suspended for one game for violating team rules. Quick led the Cardinals in receiving as a junior (39-624, five TDs) and was tops on the squad in receiving yardage in 2016 (45-769, six TDs) on his way to third-team All-ACC honors.	Can secure inside release for post routes through clever set-up on release. Runs routes with consistent purpose and urgency. Varies speed of route to create man-made "burst" within his trek. Route salesman. Generates distress in cover safeties with route work. Utilizes body lean and believable head fakes to create hip commitment from defenders. Quick getting upfield after catch to maximize the play. Tracks the deep throw and adjusts rapidly to underthrows. Subtle route adjustments in space to avoid redirection from zone linebackers. Cover experience on special teams early in career.
								Small, thin target. Unlikely catch-and-run option on next level. Too small to fight through tackles after catch. Quicker than fast. Has some build-up speed, but might not be fast enough to threaten aggressive corners looking to squat on routes. Stiff hands can be unforgiving. Finished career with 19 drops against 123 catches. Has focus-drop issues but also struggles to finish catches that are outside his frame. Needs to do better job of working aggressively back to throws. Route separation comes through route work over acceleration from breaks.
							
2017	Kyle Fuller	2557916	C	Baylor	Fuller was a rock in the middle of the Bears' offensive line. He started his final 39 games in the pivot, going from honorable mention All-Big 12 honors in 2014 to second-team all-conference in 2015 and first-team notice as a senior. Even in his redshirt freshman season of 2013, Fuller lined up on the offensive line in nine of his 13 games played.	Excellent size and length for the position. Arms over 34 inches long. Has frame to counter big nose guards. Snaps and immediately broadens base in pass pro. Uses efficient path to punch with hands, shooting straight to target with desired placement. Can stalemate and neutralize interior rushers with combination of length and anchor. Has hips to create some initial pop at impact. Good strength in hands.
								Below-average athletic ability. Combination blocks are a struggle. Stays glued to secure block and allows linebacker to cross his face before making contact on the climb. Below-average movement skills hidden by Baylor offense. Takes poor angles on second level and has poor redirect skills in space. Needs guard help to generate push. Often strikes from unbalanced platform, causing contact imbalance. Hands and feet not synched. 
							
2017	Kareem Hunt	2557917	RB	Toledo	Hunt's 2015 season was one to forget. He was suspended the first two games for violating team rules, then struggled with hamstring and ankle injuries during the course of the year. Somehow, he still covered 973 yards and scored 12 times on 178 carries in just nine games, garnering second-team All-MAC notice. Expectations were high going into that season, however, because he led the MAC in rushing as a sophomore in 2014 (1,631) despite missing three games with an ankle injury. Hunt finished third in the nation with 163 rush yards per game and ended the year with a 271-yard, five-touchdown effort against Arkansas State in the GoDaddy.com Bowl. The first-team All-State pick from Ohio (2,685 yards, 44 TD as a senior) received a fair amount of playing time as a freshman, accumulating 866 yards and six scores. Hunt finished his Toledo career on a high note, garnering first-team All-MAC honors for the second time, rushing for 1,475 yards and ten touchdowns while also racking up 41 catches for 403 yards and a score (all receiving numbers bettered his totals in his first three seasons combined.)	Compact body with broad frame and muscular legs. Above-average agility for his size. Has hips and feet to elude darting defenders in backfield. Uses effective jump-cut to avoid the sludge and shift to the open gap. Runs with good vision and overall instincts. Presses the line before making back-side cuts. Conforms his run to changing space within running lane. Spin moves are effective against first-look tacklers on second level. Suddenly shifts to bounce an inside run to the perimeter. Strings moves together on outside zone plays. Runs with knee bend and forward lean. Adequate pass catcher for screens and check-downs. 
								Can elude initial tackle but struggles to accelerate after redirecting his feet. Average explosion traits. Marginal downhill burst through line of scrimmage. Inconsistent inside runner. Gets too cute in the hole when run comes to a close. Looks to spin rather than finish with authority. Needs to run to his size more consistently. Premature in breaking off play-side runs in outside zone. He might not trust his play speed. Slight gear-down into downhill cuts. Could struggle to find chunk runs on next level. Chip "leans" rather than chip blocks allowing open rib shots to go unclaimed. 
							
2017	Jahad Thomas	2557918	RB	Temple	Thomas wears the number five jersey as a tribute to USC Heisman Trophy winner (forfeited or not) and current NFL running back Reggie Bush. He's been an all-around contributor for the Owls over the past four years, starting as a kick returner in his true freshman season (24-476). Thomas cleared 1,000 all-purpose yards as a sophomore, carrying the ball 80 times for 384 yards (with four starts at running back) and contributing as a receiver (14-364, one TD) and returner (14-332 on kicks). Finally taking on the full rushing load in 2015, he garnered first-team All-American Athletic Conference notice (276-1,262, 17 TDs rushing; 22-216, one TD receiving; 6-199, TD on kick returns). Thomas was a second-team All-AAC pick in 2016, even though he missed the first two games of the year with a sprain in his left hand (207-953, 13 TDs rushing; 33-418, six TDs receiving; 2-28 kick returns; 8-101 punt returns). 	Possesses plus play. Shows burst both around the corner on the play-side as well as out of his cuts. Vision extends beyond what's in front of him, finding linebackers early and reacting to their flow. Choppy footwork allows for quick cutting in tight spaces. Has experience in a pro-style rushing attack. Excellent pass catcher. Able to line up in slot and create separation as a receiver. Able to create yards after catch with his speed. Has ability to help out as kick or punt returner. Voted to wear single-digit number by teammates, which indicates toughness inside Temple program.
								Small and spindly. When he takes a solid shot, the run stops almost immediately. Has logged very few broken tackles as he's unable to generate necessary power in his lower half. Struggles to play with consistent balance through contact. Runs more upright than expected. Could benefit from more efficient usage of a stiff-arm with his off hand. At times, will decelerate into contact. Is a willing pass protector but just not big or strong enough to do so consistently.
							
2017	Jylan Ware	2557919	OT	Alabama St.	NA	Athletic with decent movement skills. Flexible and comes off the ball with good pad level. Makes contact at leveraged angles. Can roll hips through defender after contact and generate some push in run game. Once he's locked in, will pump his feet. Understands his length. Able to keep defenders off of him with long arms and plus hand placement inside the frame. Impressive strength in his large hands. Can snatch and maintain engagement to jersey/pads of his opponent. Decent balance in pass sets with well-timed punch. Rarely shoots hands unless pass rusher is in range. Appears to have foot quickness and agility to handle edge rushers. 
								Needs to add muscle and overall bulk to his frame. Could struggle initially against speed-to-power pass rushers. Doesn't always bring his feet with him after contact, causing balance inconsistencies when trying to maintain his run blocks. Inconsistent footwork in pass sets. Gets caught mid-gallop at times and can be knocked off-balance. Opens up a little too early in his slides. Needs a more flat-footed punch approach. Played a lower level of competition. Needs to quicken speed of hand usage to match NFL speed he will see. Noticeably late out of his stance too often.
							
2017	Jourdan Lewis	2557920	CB	Michigan	Lewis' senior season didn't start off the way he would have preferred, as he missed the first three games of the year due to injury. His play over the ten games in which he played, however, earned him first-team All-American notice from multiple outlets. Lewis was also a Jim Thorpe Award finalist and the Big Ten Conference Defensive Back of the Year (25 tackles, 3.5 for loss, two interceptions, nine pass breakups). He was a 13-game starter as a junior, making 52 tackles, 3.5 for loss, two interceptions, and 20 breakups, which ranked third in the FBS. Lewis averaged 25.2 yards on kick returns in 2015, as well. He earned a starting corner job three games into his sophomore year (39 tackles, 1.5 TFL, two INT, six PBU), and contributed as a true freshman in 2012 (17 tackles, two PBU).	Ultra-competitive with an overwhelming drive to succeed. Allowed just seven catches in 2016 for completion percentage against of 23.3. An annoyance from press coverage. Squats on top of his target waiting to punch and impede. Twitchy feet can stick and close to ball instantly when he reads pass. Able to flip hips and accelerate quickly. Has lateral quickness and agility to flourish from the slot. Has adequate recovery speed to make up for an early mistake. Finds ball with back to quarterback as well as anyone in college. Maintains tight coverage downfield and waits for receiver's eyes to cue him in on when to turn and find it. In three years as a starter, credited with 42 passes defensed, including six interceptions. Allowed just two touchdowns during same time frame. Showed off ball skills and athleticism with highlight reel, one-handed interception against Wisconsin. Has special teams experience as a gunner and in return game.
								Diminutive frame. Limited in coverage options due to matchup concerns against elite NFL size. Has to work overtime to disengage from physical wideouts in run support. Tape shows small delay in reaction when attempting to mirror an inside release. Tendency to grab if beaten early off the line. Penalized 14 times over career with eight pass interferences. Will allow his man a head start past him when he starts reckless eyeballing the quarterback from off coverage. Might lack necessary spring to win 50-50 balls at the high point.
							
2017	Jerry Ugokwe	2557921	OT	William & Mary	Ugokwe (ew-GO-kway) didn't play football until his junior year in high school, as his massive frame made it difficult to ignore his promise as an offensive lineman. The Nigerian native (his father was the country's ambassador to Austria) was a walk-on at William and Mary but wound up starting 42 straight games for the Tribe. He redshirted in 2012 to get his game ready, then started seven of eight games played at left tackle in 2013. Ugokwe moved to the right tackle spot for the 2014 season and stayed on the right side as a junior, earning third-team All-Colonial Athletic Association notice for his efforts. As a senior, the Associated Press voted him a third-team FCS All-American while CAA coaches named him first-team all-conference at right tackle. 	Good-looking on the hoof with NFL frame and length. Makes use of his long arms and big hands. Plays with good foot quickness in his initial, lateral movement. Has ability to reach three-techniques with more coaching. Athletic enough to secure, climb and locate moving targets. Displays a nasty streak and looks to finish blocks with some attitude. Can be a nuisance to pass rushers when he strikes first and locks those long arms out in pass protection. Has experience at both tackle spots. Outstanding intelligence and moldable prospect.
								Might need additional work and time to be able to catch up with the jump in talent he'll see at pro level. Doesn't always take the smart angle against twists and allows his protection to become leaky at times. Too often stiff-legged at contact in his pass sets, allowing open door for bull-rushers to create instant push. Plays with narrow base as drive blocker. Will lunge at the top of the pass rush arc rather than relying on technique. Needs to bring feet with him on angle blocks in order to maintain better contact balance. 
							
2017	C.J. Beathard	2557922	QB	Iowa	A lot of people know that the Hawkeyes' signal caller is the grandson of former NFL general manager Bobby Beathard -- but now C.J. is a father in own right after he and his girlfriend welcomed a girl (Lyla) into their world in December. He was the most prolific quarterback in Tennessee his final two years of high school (runner-up for one of the state's Mr. Football awards). As a redshirt freshman, Beathard played a little (9-27, TD, two INT) and the following year he saw the field more often (nine games, one start, 645 yards, five TD, two INT). He was given the reins of the offense as a junior, earning team MVP and second-team All-Big Ten honors by completing 61.6 percent of his passes for 2,809 pass yards, 17 touchdowns and just five interceptions. Beathard wasn't as effective as a senior (56.5 completion pct, 1,929 yards, 147TD, 10 INT) but is still considered a solid developmental prospect.	Played in pro-style passing attack, working under center and from shotgun. Capable and confident rolling out. Squares shoulders to deliver strikes. Completed 57 percent of his passes outside of the pocket at Iowa. Showed improved touch on short throws. Footwork and pocket mechanics look solid. Throws with some natural accuracy despite pedestrian completion percentage. Better tape in 2015 as he had to overcome injuries to key targets in 2016. Has the arm strength to throw the deep out without laboring. Trusts his line and keeps eyes downfield. Plays with relatively calm demeanor. Good feel and timing for screen game. Knee brace slowed him some during senior season, but he has ability to escape the heat. Team leader with ability to handle adversity. Won't take unnecessary chances.
								Hesitation is a noticeable issue. Often late to pull trigger on throws toward the sideline, forcing receivers into boundary and out of the catch. Slow field scanner who tends to lock into a single side. Too much eye-balling and not enough manipulating. Poor feel for pocket pressure. Two-year sack total of 58 is too high in play-action attack. Anchors deep in pocket and rarely climbs pocket to safe harbor. Oblivious to backside pressure until it's too late. Needs more air under the long ball. Deep-ball accuracy has been terrible. Completed under 30 percent of throws beyond 20 yards in last two seasons at Iowa. Completed just 43 percent of throws beyond line of scrimmage to right sideline.
							
2017	Jamaal Clayborn	2557923	C	Mississippi St.	NA	Girthy with good lower body mass. Able to process movement across from him quickly and make adjustments. Always looking for work when uncovered. Has experience at both guard and center. Uses all of his wide frame in pass protection.
								Snap-to-step quickness is below average. Unable to unlock quickly enough with lateral movement to get to his reach blocks. Plays with poor pad level. Is too upright too often and finds himself on the wrong end of the leverage battle on most reps. Plodding movement as run blocker or when asked to mirror in pass pro. Hands can be painfully slow.
							
2017	Jalen Reeves-Maybin	2557924	LB	Tennessee	Jalen's father, Marques Maybin, was a basketball player at Louisville but was paralyzed from the waist down after a car accident when Jalen was eight years old. Reeves-Maybin was a four-star linebacker recruit from Tennessee (2,000-plus rushing yards, all-state as a defender), and contributed as a true freshman as a reserve in 11 games (14 tackles, 11 on special teams). He stepped up to lead the Volunteers in tackles at weak-side linebacker as both a sophomore (101 tackles, 11 for loss, two sacks) and junior (105 tackles, 14 for loss, six sacks, four pass breakups). Reeves-Maybin's senior year, however, was a struggle. He was ejected for targeting in the season opener and then missed the bulk of the season with a shoulder injury, finishing with 20 tackles, two for loss. He considered redshirting to return to Knoxville in 2017 but decided to go to the NFL instead.	Early responder after the snap. Loves to play downhill and is always headed in that direction when necessary. Will not hesitate to take a chance and shoot a gap. Uniquely instinctive. Will rarely get trapped too far downhill that he can't bounce out of the side door to chase when needed. Plays square and shifts and shuffles to his run fits. Easy, fluid chaser with desired flexibility in lower body for sudden change of direction. Runs well and can chase in coverage. Has burst to ball carrier as tackler. Can spring quickly into action with bounce and explosion as lateral tackler from one gap to the next. Has coverage talent. Outstanding eyes. Somehow manages to find ball carrier through all the visual trash. Stalks with patience and calm. Productive special-teams tackler.
								Lacks size and pop to stop runners in their tracks and often takes brunt of initial impact. Needs to run feet through impact to prevent sliding off his tackles. Forced to give away gap leverage to avoid being devoured by big, climbing linemen in run game. Scouts say he appears to have lost functional weight while injured. Was lost for season after first four games due to injury and subsequent surgery to shoulder. Injury history with shoulder is a substantial concern.
							
2017	James Onwualu	2557925	OLB	Notre Dame	Notre Dame has had good success with players from Cretin-Durham High School in Saint Paul, Minnesota; Onwualu (on-WALL-ew) joined receiver Michael Floyd, linebacker Marcus Freeman, and offensive tackle Ryan Harris in matriculating to South Bend from this school. Onwualu began his career at Floyd's position, actually starting four games in 12 games played, but only catching two passes. He had six special teams tackles, though, which led to a switch to linebacker, where he started eight games in 2014 (24, two for loss). Onwualu made 38 tackles, six for loss with three sacks as a nine-game starter as a junior. He set career bests in tackles (76) and tackles for loss (11.5) as a senior team captain, also being credited with three sacks.	Former receiver who switched to defense after freshman season. Has quick feet and can cover in space. Twitched-up athlete with plus reactive quickness against the pass and run. Reads quarterback's eyes and breaks hard on throw with sharp closing burst. Deflected three passes in 2016 Stanford game. Mentally tough. Responds well after a bad rep. Team captain his senior season. Scouts label him as selfless and great teammate. Can open hips and change direction smoothly. Worked hard in off-season to refine body type to become a better player. Has background as special teams standout early in his career.
								Undersized for the position and looks more like a big strong safety. Can be engulfed and thwarted by size. Will struggle to disengage from NFL power. Utilized as pass rusher and blitzer in college but lacks the frame to convert speed to power as a pro. Play strength near line of scrimmage is below average. Talent to play on first and second down is in question.
							
2017	Erik Magnuson	2557926	OG	Michigan	One of the better right tackles in the nation, Magnuson finished his career with the Wolverines with a first-team All-Big Ten season, starting every game for the Wolverines. He garnered third-team all-conference notice as a junior, his first starting outside (12 games). A West Coast kid (Carlsbad, CA), Magnuson redshirted his first year in the Midwest. After building strength that year, Magnuson played in 12 games as a sophomore, starting seven at right guard. He had shoulder surgery before 2014, but still managed to start five of eight games played at left guard and line up as a blocking tight end on six-man fronts. 	Has starting experience at both guard and tackle. Solid athlete with loose hips and good lateral movement. Average feet but a clean, smooth kick slide. Understands his angles as a zone blocker and will give ground to gain ground on his cut-blocks. Patient on reach blocks and waits until feet are in position before locking up. Can adjust in space to connect with moving targets. Dependable in space. Decent block engagement. Operates with capable mirroring ability in pass protection. Has the balance and footwork necessary to redirect his weight back inside against stunts and counter moves. 
								Shorter than his listed height and legs look a little bit sawed off. Might not have the length to play tackle or the strength to play guard. Play strength is below average. Power plays shake free of him too quickly. Could struggle to seal and maintain his blocks on the next level. Needs to find more strength in his hands. His pass-punch is slow and tentative, operating as a catch mechanism more than a warning shot. Bends at the waist in some pass sets. Gets behind in his pass sets and struggles to find the redirect power around the rush arc for a clean recovery.
							
2017	Desmond King	2557927	S	Iowa	King had every opportunity to leave for the NFL after his junior year, but decided to stay with his team and earn his degree. The 2015 Jim Thorpe Award winner and unanimous Consensus All-American ranked second in the FBS with eight interceptions. He was the Big Ten Defensive Player of the Year as well, starting 14 times, making 72 tackles and breaking up 13 passes. King was a first-team All-Big Ten pick again as a senior, although he "only" had three interceptions and seven pass breakups as teams avoided him. King's promise was obvious in his freshman year, when he grabbed a starting spot right off the bat (69 tackles, three TFL, eight PBU). He started gaining notoriety by league media with an honorable mention all-conference sophomore season (started all 13 games, 72 tackles, three INT, five PBU). King also returned kicks (26.0 per) and punts (11.7 per) the past two years.	Four-year starter and ultimate iron man. Played in more than 94 percent of Iowa's defensive snaps over his four years and took 46 percent of the special teams snaps in 2016. Football instincts are off the charts. Focused quarterback reader who overlaps into other coverage areas to go make a play on the ball. Pattern reader with anticipation to keep him ahead of the route. Creates unique angles to throws, allowing for top-ball production. Obsessed with getting the ball; nabbed 14 interceptions in college and 29 in high school. Has ball-tracking, hands and high-point talent of a wideout. Stocky frame with physical play demeanor. Good press strength. Rough on slot receivers who can't make a quick get-away off the line. Viable option as both punt and kick returner. Not overly physical as tackler but tends to finish.
								Lacks long speed and height associated with bump and run cornerbacks. Struggles to carry receivers down the field. Can be mismatched by legitimate speed merchants. Grinder who lacks mirror-and-match fluidity and foot quickness. Relies on hands usage and grabbing over footwork to transition and match on intermediate routes. In press, can get behind when facing off against slick releases from slot weapons. Lacks recovery speed to consistently close open throwing windows on NFL level. Penalized 11 times, including five personal fouls, over final two seasons. Needs to show more explosion into tackles and improve wrap-up technique.
							
2017	Daniel Brunskill	2557928	OT	San Diego St.	Brunskill moved from tight end to left tackle before his senior year at San Diego State, and wound up garnering a second-team All-Mountain West nod at the position. He was a walk-on with the Aztecs, coming out of high school as a second-team all-state pick at center, and didn't earn a scholarship until before his junior year. After winning the team's Co-Offensive Scout Player of the Year in 2012, Brunskill played in all 13 games as a blocking tight end the following season. He had his first receptions the following year (5-31, TD), starting four times. Brunskill garnered honorable mention All-Mountain West honors in 2015, starting all 14 games at tight end (10-112, two TD).	Very good athlete for the position. Has the footwork and twitch to switch from block to block in opposite gaps. Excellent radar on second level with ability to find and land making his secure block. Has initial burst out of stance with potential to cross-face on NFL level. Flexible and agile. Improving with arm extension at punch. Has feet to mirror edge speed. Diverse athlete in high school with a background in wrestling, lacrosse and volleyball. Tremendous student with work ethic teams want. 
								Needs to eat and lift until he can grow into the rigors of tackle position. Lacks functional strength in lower body at this time. Play strength will be a work in progress for the very near future. Base too narrow as drive blocker, generating little push. Down blocks end in stalemates. Hands catch rather than punch. Gives his frame away and is susceptible to bull rush. Will lean to try and create his power.
							
2017	Dan Skipper	2557929	OT	Arkansas	Even among the big-bodied tackles in the SEC, the 6-foot-10 Skipper stands out. That size has served him well at Arkansas, where he's started each game since the midway point of his true freshman season. Skipper lined up at guard the last eight games of that season, and he also used his height to set a school record with three blocked field goals. He moved from guard to left tackle for his sophomore year, also changing his jersey number to put costly penalties in the past. Skipper started all 39 games at the left tackle spot since 2014, earning second-team All-SEC notice as a junior and a first-team all-conference nod in his senior season.	Very tall for the position with decent functional athleticism. Has experience starting at both tackle spots. Has operated in a pro-style rushing attack and has experience firing off the ball and working with guards. Decent timing with his pass-pro punch. Can pull and is able to operate in space as a run blocker. While not always fluid with it, shows ability to transition from first to second block. Intelligent and aware of his responsibilities against twists.
								At times, height works against him due to lack of anchor. Is consistently jolted by power players at first punch. Will default to wide, engulfing hands in pass protection, which opens his chest to bull-rushers. Rarely able to get his pad level into leveraged position due to center of gravity. Missing leg drive to consistently pop and secure his down blocks. Hand placement is spotty and he lacks power in them. As run blocker, will be unable to turn NFL defenders out of the hole with footwork and technique.
							
2017	Keionta Davis	2557930	DE	Tennessee-Chattanooga	Davis could have left his hometown of Chattanooga to play major college football because of late FBS offers. He stayed with UTC, however, because they stuck with him after he suffered a knee injury his senior year of high school. Davis redshirted in 2012, contributed in 2013 (21 tackles, four for loss) and then became a second-team All-Southern Conference pick in 2014 (10.5 tackles for loss, 5.5 sacks, four forced fumbles). Scouts began to notice him in earnest as a junior, when he was a first-team All-SoCon pick and finished tied for second in the FCS with 13.5 sacks (17 total TFL). Davis had his second straight FCS All-American season in 2016, being credited with 10.5 sacks and three forced fumbles. NFL teams also saw him well quite well against Alabama early in the year (four tackles, 0.5 sack).	Good build in his lower half with a thick bubble. Frame is compact and powerful. Better arm length than expected. Has upper body strength to press out his punch and create separation with arm extension. Power to set a strong edge was too much for tackles in his conference. Has a good engine and is worker bee through his rep. Heavy tackler who lands chest-first. Built low to the ground and can leverage his way through re-direct blocks. Willing to do dirty work within the scheme to help open the door for teammates to make a play. Plays with quick, efficient hands. Excellent production.
								Lacks desired flexibility in lower body. Stiffness leads to shorter strides and a lack of range. Marginal reactive quickness and closing burst. Unable to crash down the line and catch downhill running backs in the backfield. Slow to unlock hips when changing direction. Square rusher who will be unable to get the hip turn or upper body torque slip around the edge as an NFL rusher. Lacks twitch for sudden burst necessary on his inside rush counters. Has issues dealing with long-armed tackles who get on top of him early. Rarely challenged by NFL tackles.
							
2017	Cordrea Tankersley	2557931	CB	Clemson	Cordrea (pronounced cohr-DRAY) got his nickname "Tootie" from his older brother Codarius, who repeated the word several times after seeing his young sibling for the first time. The name stuck from there, in the same manner that Tankersley sticks to receivers in coverage. He struggled to find time in the secondary in his first two seasons, primarily playing on special teams (13 tackles in 2013; 11 tackles in 2014) as the Tigers' veteran defensive backs ruled the depth chart. Once his opportunity arose, Tankersley took full advantage, garnering third-team All-ACC notice after leading Clemson with five interceptions (one returned for a score) and nine pass breakups. He was a first-team all-conference pick and third-team Associated Press All-American for his efforts in the Tigers' national championship season of 2016, intercepting four more passes and breaking up a team-high 11 throws.	Angular build with good length. Looks to harass and smother receiver for as long as he can. Runs with access to a second gear when needed. Two-year starter with experience in a variety of coverages. Disruptive at the catch point using full arm extension to maximize his length. Ball production was very good; had eight interceptions in just two years as a starter. Shut down Virginia Tech's Bucky Hodges in conference championship game, holding him to one catch and grabbing two interceptions. Soft hands will pluck it out of the air if he gets into position. Gets desired depth in Cover-2 responsibilities, balancing between high and low. Comes to balance and squares up as a tackler. Looks to tackle low and springs into ball carriers with aggressive shoulder aimed at their thighs.
								Anticipation and instincts slightly below average. Eyes are unsure and can be slow to process and react. Lacks bend in his backpedal and bail techniques. Struggles to sink and redirect quickly for transitions forward against comeback routes. Allows too much route separation from off coverage and will need to squeeze tighter on next level. Balance concerns in coverage. Feet and hips can be clunky when it's time to open and run out of press shuffle. Will panic when he gets behind on vertical routes and starts to grab. Had eight pass-interference calls against him in two season. Inconsistent in finding the ball when back is to the quarterback. Needs to add more muscle to frame.
							
2017	Channing Stribling	2557932	CB	Michigan	Stribling grew up in basketball country in North Carolina, and could have played hoops at Liberty University. But the call to the Big House was too much to pass up. He didn't get on the field a lot in his first couple of seasons, playing in seven games as a freshman (one start, 16 tackles) and then as a reserve in 10 contests (seven tackles) in 2014. Stribling started four games as a junior, making 17 tackles and collecting an interception and a pass break-up against Florida in the Citrus Bowl. That performance buoyed his senior season, as he earned second-team All-Big Ten accolades (28 tackles, 3.5 for loss, led team with four INT and 13 PBU) forming a strong starting duo with Jourdan Lewis.	Has a long frame and understands how to use it. Drapes himself over wide receivers off the line of scrimmage. Excels when playing with inside leverage. Can smother receivers against the sideline and is able to challenge sight lines for quarterbacks on comeback routes. Has some talent in trail coverage. Comfortable with back to the quarterback and shows good pattern recognition from that coverage technique. Well-versed in finding and tracking the deep ball. Uses length and leaping ability to create a wall between the throw and the receiver down the field. Soft hands; snared six interceptions over last two seasons. Willing tackler who sees what he hits and looks to wrap up.
								Needs more upper body strength. Sluggish change of direction due to marginal short-area quickness. Struggles to mirror sharp, in-breaking routes and clever releases. Has a hitch in movement when opening hips to run, allowing receivers a stagger start into routes. Long strider with poor recovery speed. A little handsy down the field to make up for speed deficiency. Has issues squeezing routes from off coverage and zone. Lack of quickness leaves little room for error.
							
2017	Cooper Rush	2557933	QB	Central Michigan	An actuarial science major with a 3.9 grade point average, Rush should not have any issues learning a new playbook in the NFL. He's started every game for the Chippewas since Week 2 of his freshman year. He nearly set all-time Mid-American Conference records for passing, coming up just 12 yards short of former CMU passer Dan LeFevour. In fact, Rush's production dropped a bit in his senior year, though he still was a third-team all-conference choice with 3,540 passing yards, 23 touchdowns, but with 16 interceptions and a mediocre 59.8 completion percentage. He had been on the rise the previous three seasons, first as the team Offensive Player of the Year as a redshirt freshman (2,349 yards, 15 TD, 15 INT, 56.7 completion pct) and a sophomore year (3,157 yards, 27 TD, 13 INT, 63.6 completion pct.) which he finished off by throwing for seven touchdowns against Western Kentucky in the Bahama Bowl. His best season came in 2015, where he was a second-team All-MAC pick by completing 66.3 percent of his passes for 3,848 yards, 25 touchdowns, and just 11 interceptions.	Started all but three games during career and was team captain his junior and senior seasons. Defined by cerebral approach. Has bachelor of science degree in actuarial science off-the-field and masters in full-field reads on the field. Juggernaut in film room. Hits the field with well-conceived plans of attack based on his studies. Makes all the pre-snap decisions rather than looking to sideline. Quick processor able to scan and decide rapidly. Interceptions rarely the result of poor decisions. Overcomes arm deficiencies with outstanding timing and accuracy. Anticipatory thrower with feel for developing windows. Able to lead receivers on crossing routes and long balls and can throw receivers open underneath. Very good natural accuracy. Completion percentage penalized by excessive drop totals. Good pocket poise. Climbs pocket with eyes downfield when heat comes around the corners and can slide left or right before delivering accurate strikes. Has history from under center in play-action, pro-style attack and works all three levels of the field. Dump-downs are only a final option.
								Frumpy body with very little muscular definition. Does not look the part. Slow, plodding setup in the pocket. Throws from narrow platform and generates very little drive on his throws from lower half. Lollipop arm strength allows ball to hang in air too long. Defensive backs with twitch have time to dart into passing lane and make interceptions despite a good read by quarterback. Struggles to challenge tight windows in middle of the field. Could be limited to timing-based passing attacks. Unable to make sudden getaways from pocket due to lack of athleticism. Strong pocket push from interior short circuits his plans.
							
2017	Elijah McGuire	2557934	RB	Louisiana-Lafayette	The son of the late Elijah McGuire, Sr. (who passed away when Elijah was just 12 years old) led the state of Louisiana in rushing as a senior with 2,603 yards while also throwing for 497 yards and five scores. Since signing on with the Ragin' Cajuns as a running back, he's racked up over 4,000 career yards. He was the Sun Belt Conference's Freshman of the Year in 2013 and first-team all-conference pick (863 yards, eight TD rushing; 22-384, 3 TD receiving), leading the FBS with an average of 8.4 yards per carry. McGuire was named the conference Player of the Year the following season with 1,264 rushing yards (7.6 per carry), 14 scores, and 45 catches for 468 yards and two touchdowns. His numbers were down a bit in his junior year (210-1,058, 13 TD rushing; 33-293, three TD receiving) but he still earned honorable mention All-Sun Belt notice. McGuire set a career high with 232 carries as a senior (1,168 yards, seven TD) and made plays as a receiver (29-238, two TD), so he was recognized as a second-team all-conference selection. McGuire has also returned punts at times over the past three seasons (career totals of 28-197).	Compact frame with good thickness in legs. Runs with good ball security. Very athletic with plus acceleration. Runs with forward lean and has strong burst through the hole when he sees it. Plant-and-go runner. Able to cut it back two gaps away. Build-up speed to the corner seems to fool linebackers who think they have the angle. Has some subtle wiggle approaching line of scrimmage. Excellent hand-eye coordination as pass catcher. Effective from the slot and into routes.
								Drops head, causing him to lose sight heading into the hole. Poor feel for spacing of the running lane. Runs too close to defensive linemen when open area is available. Lacks desired downhill toughness. Has no jump cut for optimal elusiveness. Lateral cuts driven by outside foot and lacks width. Will run up blocker's back when there is still yardage to be had. Gives into tackles. Never finished with more than five broken tackles in a single season. Arm tackles throw him off his path. Pass protection needs work.
							
2017	Collin Bevins	2557935	DE	Northwest Missouri St.	NA	Extremely long arms with enormous hands. Lands heavy, upward-striking blows to blockers off the snap. Former high school state champion wrestler who understands leverage and generally plays beneath opponents' pads. Hands not only powerful but efficient as a pass rusher. Utilizes good arm-over move on interior. Rarely stops working through the whistle. Utilized length and motor to rack up a monstrous 2015 season. Unselfish and willing to spring others in twist game. Peers into backfield and maintains focus on the ball. Shows some natural power at point of attack to stymie base blockers and clog his gap.
								Lacks defined, athletic build in lower half. Slow-twitch player. Doesn't have much juice out of his stance and up the field. Pass-rush production helped along by strong motor and level of competition. Might not have NFL skill set for translatable pass-rush success. Shows marginal closing burst to the ball. Quick disengagement from NFL offensive linemen could be an issue. Struggled to impose will and disengage quickly from quality left tackle from West Georgia in 2015. Could be caught between positions.
							
2017	Joe Williams	2557936	RB	Utah	It's been a runabout journey from Allentown, Pennsylvania to the NFL draft circuit for Williams. After starring in football and track in high school, he went to Hargrave Military Academy in fall 2011, then attended Connecticut the following year (six yards on three carries in nine games). Williams did not play with the team in 2013 after being suspended in August of that year for credit card theft and illegal use. Moving on to ASA College in New York for the 2014 season, Williams rekindled interest from major programs after being named second-team NJCAA All-American (1,093 yards, seven TD in seven games). He signed with Utah, playing behind Devontae Booker and starting twice when Booker was injured (140-490, seven TD rushing; 11-84 receiving). Williams' journey became more unusual when he decided to retire early in the 2016 season. After seeing multiple Ute running backs go down with injuries, he knew he'd get the call to return -- and boy did he return. Williams finished the year in the top 20 nationally with 1,420 rushing yards, also scoring 10 times in nine contests. He put up 333 yards and four touchdowns against UCLA in his second game back and finished his career with 222 yards and a touchdown in the team's Foster Farms Bowl win over Indiana.	Plus athlete. Has get-away burst in small spaces. Flashes breakaway speed to take it to the house if he gets up to the safeties. Sudden second gear to turn the corner or accelerate through line of scrimmage. Carries weight in his lower half, allowing for unique contact balance. Able to recover from hits that bring most runners down. Runs feet through initial contact and blows through arm tackles. Makes defenders earn their tackles and is hard to bring down. Can create with wiggle and power. Has lateral shuffle of a basketball player to slink out of traffic jams and escape outside. Can string moves together on second and third levels. Lowers pads to finish runs with momentum.
								"Retired" for a month before coming back after Utah running back corps was depleted due to injuries. Questions have arisen about his football character and commitment to the game. Ball security issues are a concern; lost six fumbles over 289 carries at Utah. Needs to press line of scrimmage longer before making his cuts. Will run into traffic that he might be able to avoid. Shows occurrences of hesitation if he doesn't have a clean point of entry between tackles. Runs a little too tall approaching line of scrimmage. Non-factor as third-down option. Rarely catches passes and not committed to blocking.
							
2017	Gavin Andrews	2557937	OG	Oregon St.	Getting mononucleosis is not unusual for a college sophomore. Andrews, though, lost the first month of the 2013 season, costing him a chance to start that season (played in eight games as a reserve). He also redshirted the 2015 season after injuring his foot during the Beavers' spring game. But his in first year as a starter in 2014, Andrews showed versatility lined up at three positions (the first five games at left tackle, one at right tackle, four at right guard ? also missed two games due to an ankle injury). He again changed positions in 2016, moving from right guard to center for the conference schedule. Andrews won national titles as a high school wrestler, which always intrigues scouts because of that sport's reliance on hand usage and leverage.	Has the size NFL teams dream of along the interior. Well-proportioned with long arms, a thick chest and burly legs. Has the pure mass to engulf linebackers when he squares them up. Power and arm length make stuffing a bull rush fairly easy. Has ability to stalemate and neutralize his opponent when he anchors up as base blocker against power across from him. His lateral wash-down blocks can widen out rushing lanes. Can swing between guard and center.
								Feet are heavy and slow. Just a mauler. Legs appear to need oil. Stiffness in knees prevent fluid movement and keep him in the phone booth. Plodding climbs to second level. Unable to adjust to movement in space. Waist-bender in his pass sets and base blocks. Weight is regularly too far forward, causing him to consistently slides off his blocks. Struggles to slide inside the pocket and catch looping rushers underneath. Cut blocks are slow and telegraphed.
							
2017	Antonio Garcia	2557938	OT	Troy	Garcia would have been a four-year starter at the left tackle spot for Troy had he not missed half his redshirt freshman season due to a knee injury. Garcia fell through the cracks in the recruiting process as he was the first athlete at Charles Drew High School, located south of Atlanta in Riverdale, Georgia, to earn first-team all-state recognition. After making six starts on the blind side in 2013, he started 36 of 37 games after that in the key position. Garcia was an honorable mention All-Sun Belt pick in 2015 and a first-team all-conference selection as a senior.	Outstanding athleticism. Very good lateral quickness coming out of stance. Former high school hooper who still has basketball feet. Able to mirror pass rushers before and after engagement. Rarely beaten cleanly around edge by speed. Continues to slide feet and maintain engagement up and around pass arc. Works to keep his blocks centered in his power zone. Easily redirects back inside to chase an inside challenge. Has loose hips and quick feet providing recovery ability. Plays with his length. Fluid in space and can get to challenging angles. Keeps battling to anchor if he gets bumped early. Finds ways to get his man blocked.
								Carries stringy frame with upper body that looks like a defensive end. Lack of lower body strength exacerbated by elevated pad level. Needs to bend hips to dip pad level below defender's. In pass protection, opens outside hip up early rather than staying square in initial stages. Hands take outside path to target and punch can be ill-timed, allowing rusher first strike into his frame. Defaults to lunging at target when he panics. Lacks anticipation against twists. Will have to add more bulk and strength. Grabs and holds to counter bull-rush. Narrow base carries no power as base blocker in run game. Footwork and angles inconsistent on reach blocks.
							
2017	Chad Wheeler	2557939	C	USC	NA	Solid athlete. Competitive with high football character. Comes off the snap with controlled, tight footwork in short areas. Works to stay connected to his blocks. Balanced on angle blocks with ability to keep his man centered while chopping feet. At best as a move blocker. Can make cross-face blocks and cut blocks. Shines with his "work-up" blocks. Always spies his second block while securing his first and climbs up to his target with easy, controlled pace. Can redirect body to adjust on second-level blocks. Able to pull and lead the charge. Can snatch and ride pass rushers when he lands the first punch. 
								Missed time in each of last three seasons, and also missed spring practices in 2013 with knee injury and part of senior season in high school with shoulder surgery. Core strength is below average. Comes out of stance with high pad level and leverage game suffers. Initial contact at point of attack lacks pop. Rarely rolls hips under his pads for desired drive-blocking power. Ducks head and loses sight of his man. Stack-and-shed defenders can discard him. Carries hands low and punch timing is off in pass pro. Needs to play with inside hands. Tries to manufacture anchor through his lean. While anticipating contact with rusher his feet deaden, robbing him of functional recovery skills.
							
2017	Cam  Keizur	2557940	C	Portland St.	NA	Decent athlete who was asked to work up to the second level in both running and screen game quite frequently. Plays with quiet, steady hands and desired hand placement inside the frame. Gives determined effort when matched against bigger and better interior defensive linemen. Has experience playing guard as well. Brings feet with him when redirecting A-gap blitzers. 
								Short arms come into play too often. When he loses battle to get first hands on his bigger opponents, he gets into trouble he can't get out of. Contact balance is very average and he ends up on ground too often. Unable to generate much movement despite solid contact. Down blocks against quality competition fail to consistently secure defender. Awareness against twists needs improvement.
							
2017	Dieugot Joseph	2557941	OT	Florida International	While Dieugot (jeh-GO) Joseph came to FIU as a defensive end prospect, coaches realized before the start of his redshirt freshman season that they had a potentially excellent left tackle on their hands. The switch proved fruitful, as he started 10 times on the blind side in 2014. Joseph struggled through injuries as a junior, playing in 11 games but only starting four. He played strong and healthy in 2016, however, earning honorable mention All-Conference USA notice for starting every game at left tackle.	Well-proportioned, athletic frame. Extremely long arms with big hands. Uses length to bolster his recovery ability when beaten. Hands have some strength to latch into pass rushers. Uses inside hand as a stiff jab when he punches with it. Feet are bouncy in his redirect back inside. Athletic enough to change direction and catch stunts and blitzes with his feet. The earlier he sets and throws hands, the better off he is. Adequate lateral quickness for angle blocks. Shows ability to make centered contact on the move. Has zone-blocking athleticism.
								Needs time to add functional mass and muscle to his body. Gets stuck in the mud when trying to drive stronger defenders off their spot as a base blocker. Has difficult time keeping hands punch ready during his kick-slide and is often second with his hands. A leaner who has issues keeping his weight back and on the inside of his post foot. Body control and anchor are below desired mark. Hand placement too far outside in general. Fails to get feet and hips into position on reach-block attempts. Doesn't run feet under his hands in run game.
							
2017	Caleb Peterson	2557942	OG	North Carolina	NA	Consistently provides quality double-team work with the center. Snaps hips up under him as run blocker. Plays with adequate leverage at point of attack. Shows good athletic ability popping out of stance and racing around the corner on pull blocks. Aims and operates with inside hands. 
								Functional anchor is a problem. Unable to consistently anchor at shallow depths in pass pro and can be walked back deep into the pocket. Loses the arm-length battle, giving up his chest to long-arm defenders. Struggles to maintain balance and base through contact at an angle.
							
2017	Trey Hendrickson	2557943	DE	Florida Atlantic	The Owls had one of the best defenders in Conference USA the past four seasons in Hendrickson. He garnered first-team all-conference accolades in 2015 after finishing tied for second in the FBS with 13.5 sacks (among his 15 tackles for loss) and five forced fumbles. League coaches named him first-team All-C-USA again in 2016 (51 tackles, 15 for loss, 9.5 sacks) even though offenses paid close attention to his whereabouts. He tied for the FBS lead in blocked kicks last year with four. Hendrickson led the team in sacks as a sophomore, as well, tripping up quarterbacks five times (32 total tackles, 10 for loss). The third-team all-state pick from Apopka, Florida played some significant minutes as a freshman, making nine stops, 2.5 for loss and 1.5 sacks.	Good upper-body turn that presents a difficult target for tackles to punch. Rushes with good lean and has a strong club hand to soften the edge. Uses arm extension and acceleration to generate some speed-to-power push. Impressive, fluid footwork with spin move counter. Hands are effective at warding off cut blocks. Good lateral quickness to squeeze running lane. Rakes at the ball as tackler, forcing six fumbles over final two seasons at FAU. Special teams demon; blocked a punt, two field goals and an extra point in 2016.
								Average height with lean legs and short arms for the edge. Not an "other side of the line" run defender. A tick slow to diagnose and respond off snap. Allows blockers to cross his face and beat him to the block. Got hooked and secured by smallish tight end Jonnu Smith from Florida International. Needs to do better job of thumping and setting a strong edge. Plays too tall in his tackle-end twist transitions, allowing blockers under his pads.
							
2017	Brooks Ellis	2557944	ILB	Arkansas	The Razorbacks kept one of their best talents in-state when they signed Ellis, a two-time state Defensive Player of the Year and state champion. He impressed the coaches enough to get into the starting line-up for the final four games as a true freshman (33 tackles, two for loss) and racked up 10 tackles against LSU in the season finale. He made plays regularly as a sophomore starter (72 tackles, 5.5 for loss, two interceptions, five pass break-ups), and then led the Razorbacks with 102 tackles in 2015 (eight for loss, 1.5 sacks, three PBU). Ellis, a pre-med major with a 3.8 grade point average, was tops on the team again as a senior (83, seven TFL, six PBU).	Instinctive with a technician approach. Scrapes with squared shoulders and quality pad level. Slides from gap to gap, mirroring ball carrier, and is careful not to overshoot his pursuit. Plays with an authoritative punch and good arm extension when attacking blockers. In constant movement on balls of his feet and rarely caught flat-footed. Maintains vision beyond the blockers in front of him. Reliable and aware. Productive tackler who also shows an ability to squeeze receivers from zone coverage. Has three years of coverage experience on special teams.
								Slow-twitch athlete. Lacks suddenness of movement and instant burst to overcome mistakes. Margin for error is slight. Tape reveals a lack of functional speed to chase runners to the perimeter. Misses tackles that appear to be in his grasp due to lack of close-out burst. Will have issues maintaining coverage against NFL running backs in space.
							
2017	Justin Evans	2557945	S	Texas A&M	NA	Tremendous athlete who was heralded as a baseball pitcher, and receiver and defensive back in football coming out of high school. Has feet and hips for easy toggle between backpedal and angled shuffle as high safety. Ball skills of a slot receiver. Plays with excellent passion for the game. Can snare at the highest point thanks to well-timed leaps, great arm extension and supple hands. Big accelerator to close out crossing routes and disrupt the passing lane. Very good plant-and-go twitch. Looks to make plays taking aggressive routes to the ball. Logged four interceptions and seven pass breakups as a senior. Fast with ability to range over the top from high safety. Seeks out collisions and doesn't shrink from contact. Completely laid-out Alabama's Derrick Henry during hit in 2015 game. Wrap-up tackler who explodes into target and runs his feet through the finish.
								Needs improved eye-balance. Has issues splitting focus between ball and man. From second level, hyper-focuses on receiver keys and is late finding running back headed his way. Aggressive nature could make him a play-action target on pro level. Instincts dwindle the further away from line of scrimmage he goes. Inconsistent seeing and breaking on throws from high safety. Needs to come to balance in tackle-ready position more quickly on third-level stops. His heart is bigger than his body. Needs more bulk to withstand fallout from his physical play. Gets stuck to blocking tight ends from slot and struggles to unglue.
							
2017	Bret Treadway	2557946	C	Lamar	NA	One of the most athletic interior linemen in the 2017 draft. Uses fluid footwork and takes outstanding angles up to his second-level adversaries. Good body control and contact balance. Zone-blocking winner. Strong lateral quickness and accelerates feet into and through contact. When blocking on the move, able to keep his defender centered and engaged. Excellent radar in space, finding targets and adjusting his track according to their movements. Big hands for his size. Lands punch inside the frame and locks in. Tenacious worker bee who is hard to shake once he?s under defenders' pads. Excels on combo blocks. Started all four years at Lamar.
								Has the lower body of an NFL tight end. In desperate need of greater overall mass, but might not have the frame to keep his weight up. Has calves of a tight end. Lack of size could limit his scheme fits. Has to make sure pad level stays on point. Lacks power to redirect strong defenders who get to his edge. Ability to handle and NFL bull-rush is in question.
							
2017	Jordan Sterns	2557947	SS	Oklahoma St.	Sterns could have stayed in the Lone Star State for college as a four-star recruit, but chose to go to Stillwater instead. The Cowboys got an excellent player out of the deal, one who would lead the team in tackles three times, accumulating more than 100 stops (60 or more solo) each season. He played regularly as a reserve as a true freshman (13 tackles), then became a team leader in his sophomore year (103 tackles, 4.5 for loss, four pass break-ups, two blocked kicks). Sterns had 72 solo stops for the second straight year in 2015, receiving second-team All-Big 12 notice for his all-around play (108 total tackles, two interceptions). Once again he hit the century mark in tackles in a first-team All-Big 12 senior season, making 101 stops, 5.5 for loss, and set career highs with three interceptions and five pass break-ups.	Has adequate NFL size, but should be able to add more bulk if needed. Triggers fast against the run and had rare tackle production over a three-year run. Has ability to play robber spot and above average instincts give him a head start to challenge throws. Reads plant foot of quarterback on three-step drops and will jump slants. Tough and smart. A favorite of the coaching staff. Will go and get tackles on kick coverage unit.
								Average athlete who is a little stiff in his hips. Transitions are bulky. Slow in his pedal and not a natural pattern-matcher in man coverage. Thirsty in coverage and bites too readily on play-action and "sluggo" routes. Lacks long speed to recover when beaten. Lacks the range and athleticism to play centerfield. Box safety type, but isn't a commanding, physical presence.
							
2017	Avery Gennesy	2557948	OT	Texas A&M	A&M has become a place that scouts look for offensive linemen, as the Aggies have produced first-round picks on the line in the past four drafts. Whether or not Gennesy is selected that high, league coaches believed he played well enough at the left tackle spot in 2016 to earn first-team All-SEC honors. He originally planned to go to Arkansas State out of high school, but failed to qualify academically. After two years at East Mississippi Community College (where he won a national title), Gennesy spent a redshirt year in College Station. Once a starting spot at left tackle opened up in 2015, he stepped up to start every game at that spot.  	Has lateral agility and desire to get to difficult reach blocks in zone game. Rapid responder out of snap. Shoots out on top of defensive ends with quick sets and hustles to swing his hips into position to wall off three-techniques on gap plays. Able to torque his hips and widen defenders off the edge. Moves well in space with desired body control on all levels. Can pull effectively. Choppy, controlled kick slide. Able to gain enough ground against most edge speed. Feet and balance help mirror effectively and can redirect back inside. Latches onto defenders with strong hands. Has length and athletic ability for adequate recovery when beaten. Aware and alert. Senses twists coming and understands how to handle them. 
								High-cut with long waist and stiffness in his hips. Not a natural bender. Too tall into pass sets, allowing bull-rushers a viable attack point under his pads. Fears speed-to-power rushers and leans into engagements in order to supplement his anchor. Rarely asked to generate push at point of attack as base blocker and might lack leverage to do it on pro level. Hands prefer to gather and grab rather than punch. Average block finisher. Wide hands might be muscle-memory issue that is difficult to correct. At the top of the rush arc, will push and muscle rushers rather than continuing to slide feet to cut off the angle. Edges a little soft and could struggle to find redirect strength. 
							
2017	Deon Hollins	2557949	OLB	UCLA	NA	Very good slant quickness to disrupt blocking assignments. Comes up the field in a hurry as a pass rusher. Built low to the ground and is able to play under the tackle's punch if allowed to get to the corner. Can be tough to redirect as pass rusher. Good change of direction to chase scrambling quarterbacks. Had nine sacks in 2014.
								Too tiny to play at defensive end. Appears to be without a position. Inability to play off the ball was exposed in 2015 when he was used as an outside linebacker. Has seen dramatic reductions in his playing time. Grab-and-hold tackler. Gets pulverized when tackles center him up.
							
2017	Joe Scelfo	2557950	C	N.C. State	The son of a long-time coach (father, Chris, was a head coach at Tulane, assistant coaches at Marshall and Georgia, and a tight ends coach with the Atlanta Falcons), Scelfo is a prototypical college pivot. He began his career at South Alabama, redshirting in 2012 and played 10 games as a reserve in 2013. He started all 13 games in the middle in 2014 and 2015, earning first-team All-Sun Belt notice as a junior. Scelfo (SELL-foe) took advantage of the graduate transfer rule for his final year, transferring to N.C. State and garnering honorable mention All-ACC honors from league media as a full-time starter.	Compact build with plus contact balance and functional strength at point of attack. Great football instincts and feel for his position. Can adjust assignment and timing based on what is happening in front of him. Controlled second-level climber with good strike rate on his targets. Agile enough to cut on second level. Stays glued with his fellow double-team block and climbs to second block with good timing. Upward strikes create leverage points to secure his down blocks. Strong hand grip to snatch his opponent's frame. Can sustain blocks in a phone booth.
								Lack of length is a concern. Defenders can get into his frame early in the rep. Has stiffness in his knees and is forced to play too straight-legged. Short stepper who is doomed against quick tackles on lateral blocks. Gains very little early ground on the move and doesn't have the athleticism to secure them when he gets ahead in the rep early. Needs help to drive nose tackles off their spots. Long limbs and active pass rushers will be a problem on the next level. Marginal recovery ability due to stiffness and lack of length.
							
2017	Anthony McMeans	2557951	C	New Mexico St.	NA	Good natural upper body strength. Appears to have good strength in his hands. When he's able to latch onto opponent's frame, he can match strength with strength. Flashed some power in his down blocks against Ole Miss in 2015. Shows ability to bend and cut his man. 
								Squatty frame carrying some excess baggage in his core. Hand placement can be very poor at times. Will get out-tussled in heads-up matchups and is unable to control the reps with balance and footwork. Doesn't gain ground quickly enough when asked to move laterally, causing inconsistencies with play-side cutoff blocks. Needs to take better angles on second-level blocks.
							
2017	Wayne Gallman	2557952	RB	Clemson	Playing on the same team as perennial Heisman contender Deshaun Watson and star receiver Mike Williams has put Gallman a bit in the shadows nationally. The son of a Marine (Wayne, Sr.) has been an all-conference pick the past two years, however. As a redshirt freshman, he took over the starting job nine times, running for a team-high 769 yards and four scores. Things got real in 2015, as Gallman actually shared the team's Offensive MVP Award with Watson and was named first-team All-ACC after setting a school record with 1,527 rushing yards. Although he received considerably fewer carries as a junior (196 versus 283 in 2015), he still earned second-team All-ACC accolades with 1,002 yards and scored a career-high 15 times on the ground. Gallman did suffer a concussion against North Carolina State in October, but returned the next week to score twice in the big win over Florida State.	Has quality burst through line of scrimmage to rip through arm tackles and attack the second level. Runs with plus effort every time he touches the ball. Keeps feet grinding through second level contact. Uses shoulders as legitimate weapons of force against would-be tacklers. Creates additional yards through functional wiggle. Good outside-in cuts to defeat contain. Angular runner with build-up speed to win a race around the edge. Hard charging. Trusted option on fourth and short situations. Decisive in the red zone and brings some attitude with him. Finished with 28 rushing touchdowns over last two seasons. Strong second effort near the goal line when his initial charge is stopped. Will offer some help as pass catcher. 
								Leggy, long-strider. Unable to make sharp, sudden cuts in tight quarters. Extended gear down could cause NFL holes to close on him. Vision becomes restricted when running between tackles. Gives away three sure yards searching along riskier lanes. Lacks finesse in his game. Has bull in china shop running style between tackles. Upright in approach to line of scrimmage. Will allow tacklers under his pads too often. Gets impatient and won't always keep the track behind lead blocker. Below average balance. Can be upended by shoe-string attempts. Not ready for NFL pass protection duties yet. 
							
2017	Ben Braden	2557953	OG	Michigan	Braden grew up wanting to play goalie for the Detroit Red Wings like long-time puck-stopper Dominik Hasek. But he grew into an NFL-sized body by the time he left high school, so his game plan changed. The Michigan all-state selection and Detroit New Blue Chip honoree stayed in-state with the Wolverines, redshirting his first year and playing in two games as a reserve in 2013. Braden earned a starting job at right tackle as a sophomore and then earned honorable mention All-Big Ten notice at guard in 2015. He was a second-team All-Big Ten pick as a senior, splitting time between left guard (four games) and left tackle (seven), even starting on the blind side against Florida State in the Orange Bowl.	Part of a physical unit. Shows good initial hand placement and typically lands where he aims in his initial punch. Looks to jolt opponent with his hands. Has good upper body strength and looks to maul. Will gallop into secure block and blast defensive tackles in the ribs. Looks to widen base and anchor up against power. Tough guy who's willing to get his block by any means necessary. Shallow sets in his pass protection.
								Stiff as a board in his pass sets. Punch is a tick slow. Plays with very little knee bend and struggles to drop his pad level below his opponents. As play progresses, allows his hands to slide up the frame of defenders. Doesn't generate push through lower body. Has to lean due to lack of flexibility, which causes balance issues. Plodder in space. Too slow for the long pull blocks. Falls off of blocks rather than sustaining.
							
2017	Kenneth Olugbode	2557954	OLB	Colorado	Kenneth is one of three brothers to have played college football; Kyle played safety at Stanford and Kristoffer was a running back at Idaho. This Olugbode (oh-lew-bo-day) has the best chance to play in the NFL as a three-year starter for Colorado. He played in all 12 games as a reserve in 2013 (six tackles) before earning the team's Most Outstanding Defensive Player at the WILL linebacker spot as a sophomore (83 tackles, one for loss, three pass break-ups). Olugbode moved to the Jack inside 'backer spot the next year (80 tackles, two TFL, four PBU), though he missed two games with a scary shin injury that required surgery. In his senior year, Olugbode garnered honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors by leading the team with 115 tackles, six for loss.	Angular frame and looks the part. Impressive production with 93 tackles coming solo. Looks to race ahead of the big bodies who climb to second level. Prefers to look running backs up in the hole rather than catch them at angles. Able to sink hips and dip shoulder under blocker's power zone to maintain positioning in the gap. Crowds receivers from zone coverage and will attack catch point.
								Tape shows a lack of natural speed and quickness. Instincts below average. Slow to diagnose and respond. At times will turn shoulders to run in pursuit rather than using controlled shuffles to mirror and maintain his run fits. Runs himself into traffic with poor angles to the ball. A step slow and a little too tight in hips for extended man coverage. Lacks functional strength to counter power he will see on next level.
							
2017	Teez Tabor	2557955	CB	Florida	Before his junior year, Tabor asked to be addressed by his nickname "Teez." But he certainly doesn't tease scouts with his talent; he puts it on the field every game. The Washington, D.C. Mr. Football award winner in 2013 started five games the following season, garnering Freshman All-American honors (eight pass break-ups). Tabor was a first-team All-SEC pick the next season after intercepting four passes (breaking up 14 others) and scoring on two of them. He repeated the SEC honors as a junior this fall, as well as receiving third-team All-American accolades from the Associated Press (four interceptions, six pass break-ups) while teaming up with Quincy Wilson as one of the top corner duos in the country.	Prototypical size and athleticism. Plays with bouncy feet in coverage. Good initial patience and foot quickness to mirror receiver's release from press. Has the quick twitch to accelerate and pattern match receivers throughout their routes. Has recovery speed to bird-dog crossers. From zone, can split high/low routes and is quick enough to challenge the catch on either. Has agility and change of direction to come off of one route and pick up the next. Shines when the ball is in the air. Pro-ready closing burst. Has excellent hand-eye coordination. Hands and timing help turn opportunities into interceptions. Posted 28 passes defensed over the last two years. Finished career with nine interceptions at Florida. Willing to unload into receiver's ribs in order jar a ball free. 
								Whispers in scouting circles that Tabor fears deep speed. Often played excessively deep off-coverage. Shows balance issues in space. Occasionally loses footing in coverage during his transition. Shows willingness to sit on routes and grab receivers trying to go vertical rather than flipping hips to chase. Can be undisciplined from zone losing track of his responsibilities. Appears to be hit or miss with instinctive playmaking. Doesn't play to his listed size. Finesse cornerback. Avoids mixing it up with physical receivers away from the ball. Too many weak tackle attempts. Charted with 13 missed tackles in 2015.
Scouts consider him to be a high-maintenance prospect. Has been suspended due to drug tests and a run-in with a teammate in practice.
							
2017	Josh Tupou	2557956	NT	Colorado	Tupou came from a football family where three cousins have played or are playing college football and his uncle, Viliami Mauau played at CU and with the Denver Broncos in the 1990s. He almost lost his right to complete his football career, however, after being charged with assault at a campus party in Boulder. That action cost him the entire 2015 season. Scouts were excited to see him that year after he garnered honorable mention All-Pac12 honors in 2014 (29 tackles, four for loss, three sacks). He had dropped 25 pounds before the 2013 season, and he started 12 games that year (34 tackles, three TFL), just one season after playing through a sprained ankle with the extra weight as a true freshman in 2012 (16 tackles, 4.5 TFL). Tupou finished his career on a high note, earning honorable mention all-conference accolades again in 2016 by making a career-high 45 tackles, four for loss, and two sacks.	Wide as a house. Squatty frame with big, strong legs. Can drop a heavy anchor and man his area of the turf. Centers struggle to get any kind of movement against him without help. Space-eater who can post and eat up the gaps. Good upper body strength to fend off shoulder or hip-torque moves to tilt him off balance.
								Might be playing a little too heavy. Stiff and slow. Has extremely limited area of effectiveness. Can be slow to unhinge from his block and pursue the play. Lacks functional lateral movement to stay on the play-side of the run. Slow out of stance and gets hooked by guards. No pass-rush value. Lacks ability to impact a game outside of his small area.
							
2017	Marcus Cox	2557957	RB	Appalachian St.	Cox managed to cross the 1,000-yard barrier four times in his career with the Mountaineers, a feat that doesn't happen very often. The cousin of former USC All-American and New England Patriots Pro Bowl linebacker Willie McGinest started his career by winning the Southern Conference Freshman of the Year (245-1,250, 15 TD rushing; 43-559, six TD receiving). After the team moved to the Sun Belt the following year, he won his first of three straight second-team all-conference honors (255-1,415, 19 TD rushing). He hit a career rushing high in 2015 with 1,423 yards, but scored only nine times. Cox missed four games with a left leg injury as a senior, but still became App State's all-time leading rusher after covering 1,015 yards and putting nine balls into the end zone.	Won't dance around and will finish when the run has come to its conclusion. Won't just give into a tackle attempt. Keeps legs moving through contact. Quality head fakes in the open field to shake tacklers and add to his yardage. Good feel for natural space inside the running lane. Can keep his rush track over the hip of a blocker to keep him away from defenders. Will get in the way as a pass blocker.
								Lacks an NFL burst. Not much juice in his feet and his cuts lack suddenness. Strides approaching line of scrimmage appear to be same length and pace. Has to head downhill with more urgency. As interior runner, appears to anticipate contact too early, causing him to shell up. Creativity as a runner is hit or miss from run to run. Unlikely option as third-down back.
							
2017	Sidney Jones	2557958	CB	Washington	The Huskies' defense is full of NFL talent, but Jones could be the highest-rated of them all. Washington has made a living recruiting out of California, and this Golden State native was almost an instant starter as a freshman (he started 12 of 13 games, two interceptions, seven pass break-ups). As a sophomore, league coaches named his first team all-conference after he led the Pac-12 with 14 pass break-ups in addition to picking off four passes and forcing three fumbles. While not knocking away as many passes in 2016 (six, also three INT), Jones was a first-team All-Pac 12 pick for the conference champions.	Competes all over the field. Doesn't play pitty-pat with his jam from press. Throws stiff lead right into the shoulder of receivers like a boxer. Maximizes contact with receivers within first five yards. Eyes are top notch. Balances between quarterback's eyes and his man from all off coverages. Ready to close on throws anywhere near his area. Route magnet. Pattern anticipation allows him to map receivers path and undercut route. Prioritizes ball over man and attacks catch point with slaps and rips. Has nine career interceptions and got a hand on 21.3 percent of balls thrown his way over last two seasons. Early ball tracker with length and leaping to attack the high point. Mirrors receiver acceleration out of their breaks. Twitchy feet for click-and-close transitions and instant change of direction from shuffle technique. Solid recovery quickness.
								Carries slender frame. Needs to add upper body strength in preparation for NFL size. Was jostled around by JuJu Schuster-Smith out of press coverage and at the top of the route. Scouts like his quickness but worry about his ability to carry speed down the field. Gets impatient from press. Loses positioning by reaching and lunging to get hands on receiver rather than letting the release come to him. Can still improve his transition footwork. Fights his hips a little when flipping to change direction in open field. Physical receivers can wall him out of tackle action in run support. 
							
2017	Ryan Ramczyk	2557959	OT	Wisconsin	Ramczyk (pronounced RAM-check) is a rare case of a Division III student-athlete making the jump to major college football. Even though he was an all-state pick from Wisconsin, he chose to turn down offers from FBS and FCS schools (one from Wisconsin head coach Paul Chryst, who was at Pitt at the time) to attend a local technical college. After a year off, he decided to play at his hometown school, the University of Wisconsin at Stevens Point. Ramczyk was a two-time all-conference pick there at left tackle before deciding to transfer to play for Chryst at Wisconsin. He sat out the 2015 season as a transfer, excelling on the scout team. When the big lights came on in 2016, he starred for the Badgers, starting every game at left tackle and earning first-team All-Big Ten honors and Associated Press All-American accolades. A hip injury forced Ramczyk to have surgery after the team's bowl game.	Fires out of stance with pads tucked under bent knees. Accelerates into target. Punch and extend drive blocker with hip flip to lock in leverage. Pushes with flat back and duck-footed follow through to sustain and walk defender off his mark. Technician who has been taught the fundamentals. Good tape in both power and zone plays. Athletic, easy mover. Balance and body control are building blocks of his play. Initial footwork in run game is impressive. Urgent quickness in reach blocks and can get there most of the time. Smooth pass slides with hands that are always punch ready. Hands land with flat feet, great accuracy, force and timing. Keeps his chin tucked and back flat. Utilizes stiff inside hand to protect against spin moves. Keeps punch tucked near sides and his arms become door braces. Can re-set his hands if long-arm defenders get into his frame. In constant state of mirroring rusher and rarely breaks down early to lunge or lean around the edge. Excellent awareness against twists and blitzes. 
								Has linear frame with narrow shoulders and short arms for the position. Lack of a broad frame makes protecting his edge more challenging. Edge players with length land jabs to his frame to create separation. Will play too upright and straight-legged at times. Can't afford to be late out of stance as his first two kick slides don't gain much ground. Could have issues on redirect blocks against inside shots. Having arthroscopic surgery on torn labrum in hip and is expected to miss combine as well as pro day workouts due to recovery. 
							
2017	Ryan Switzer	2557960	WR	North Carolina	While Switzer is not related to the famous college and NFL head coach of the same surname, Barry Switzer did reach out to the family by phone to see if there was any relation. The two-time West Virginia Gatorade High School Player of the Year was mostly known for his rushing ability (2,379 yards, 32 TD as a senior), but became well-regarded as a receiver and returner during his time in Chapel Hill. Switzer won several All-American and Freshman All-American awards in 2013, as well as first-team All-ACC notice as a specialist, because he tied the NCAA record of five punt returns for touchdowns (24-502, nation-best 20.9 average). He also got his beak wet as a receiver that year (32-341, three TD), though his contributions there increased as a sophomore (61-762, four TD; 37-172 on punt returns). Switzer earned All-American honors again for his punt returns in 2015 (22-302, two TD) but also picked up third-team All-ACC recognition after leading the Tar Heels in receiving (55-697, six TD). His accomplishments as a receiver outweighed those for his return skills (16-106) in his senior year. League coaches named him first-team All-ACC as a receiver in 2016 because he finished tenth in the country with 96 receptions for 1,117 yards and six touchdowns.	High-volume target for UNC QB Mitch Trubisky. Reliable pass catcher with low career drop rate. Sudden feet to shake press defenders out of his release. Plays at his top speed and doesn't coast. Accelerates and separates on speed outs. Utilizes repeatable footwork in routes. Patterns are crisp. Comes out of breaks at sharp angles and snaps head around immediately to find the ball. Owns comeback routes by driving hard back to the throw. Shows traits of effective option-route specialist in short-yardage and red area. Able to defeat inside leverage technique and find his way back underneath. Had five punt-return touchdowns his freshman season and has seven for his career, with 19 career returns of more than 15 yards.
								Short target with very limited catch radius. Struggles to haul throws behind him. Needs accurate quarterbacking to do his job. Doesn't have get-away speed and will have NFL cornerbacks sitting on all of his underneath work. Benefits from misdirection within UNC offense. Not a hands-catcher. Routes feature similar speed throughout and could benefit from change of speeds. Quick but not overly athletic. Struggled to find yards for himself in catch-and-run hitch tosses and wide receiver screens.
							
2017	Quincy Wilson	2557961	CB	Florida	NFL coaches like confidence in their cornerbacks; it's a tough job that requires cockiness and a short memory. Wilson's coaches with the Gators probably weren't too happy when he told reporters before their annual game against Tennessee that "nobody has ever seen a duck pull a truck" and that the "Gators are going to win, simple as that." Unfortunately, his team did lose to the Volunteers for the first time in 11 years. Nevertheless, the second-team All-SEC selection (3.5 tackles for loss, three INT, six pass break-ups) generally backed up his talk during 2016, combining with Jalen "Teez" Tabor to form one of the best corner duos in the country. Big things were expected coming into the year, as Wilson was a nine-game starter in 2015 (two INT, five PBU) and started twice as a true freshman the year before (22 tackles, INT, three PBU).	Prototypical size for cornerback or safety spot. Big and physical. Very competitive. Willing to accept challenge of taking on a team's top wideout. Uses play strength to overcome some athletic and speed deficiencies. Can maul receivers off line of scrimmage and eliminate them from a route if they don't get clean release against his press. Plus anticipation in coverage. Makes quick reads on in-breaking routes and attacks in front of the route. Finished career with six interceptions. Responsive to play-action keys. Good feel for when to step downhill as tackler. Plays off perimeter blocks quickly. Willing to stick his nose in as a tackler. Willing to be the hammer and not just the nail when it comes to challenging running backs.
								Hips and feet can be exceedingly sticky in his transitions. Will fight his feet a little in his backpedal and shuffle. Footwork average in space. When feet fail him, he opts to use his hands. Could see spike in illegal contact and holding penalties if asked to play corner early in career. Reliant upon strength and grit in man coverage over speed and athleticism. Plays too tall which hinders click-and-close burst. Allows too much separation against complex routes. Below average reactive athleticism for the position and will struggle to carry long speed.
							
2017	Stevie Tu'ikolovatu	2557962	NT	USC	Scouts consider Tu'iklolavatu (pronounced TOO-ee-koe-loe-VAH-too) of advanced age for a rookie, as the married man turns 26 years old in June. The Utah native began his college career as a redshirt at the University of Utah in 2009 before heading out for a two-year church mission in the Philippines. Tu'iklolavatu missed the 2013 season with a foot injury, and returned in 2014 in a reserve role (eight tackles in 12 games). Finally seeing more playing time in 2015, he tied for second in the FBS with four fumble recoveries, while making 28 tackles, six for loss, and two sacks from his interior position. Tu'iklolavatu decided that he would prefer to play at USC for his final collegiate season, and played well for Utah's Pac-12 South foe. He was a second-team all-conference pick after making 53 stops, two for loss. Tu'ikolovatu actually lived in his car near the USC campus last summer until he was cleared to receive housing benefits by the NCAA. His uncle, Sione Pouha, was an NFL defensive tackle for seven years with the Jets.	Possesses a jarring initial punch. Built low to the ground with ability to strike at upward angles. Gets his initial hand placement right and is able to win control at the point of attack. Not content to just eat space and lay on his block. Finds runners and looks to mirror to make plays. Looks to shuck quickly. Agile big man with ability to move down the line. Uses power to get late separation from blockers and make tackles against runners using his lane. Has experience eating double teams to keep his linebackers clean. Strong, wide base keeps him on his feet. Drain-clogger near the goal line.
								Portly frame with plenty of heft around the middle. Despite natural leverage, still allows centers under his pads when fatigued. Needs to stop allowing centers to hang around on blocks rather than overwhelming them. Should learn how to clean his frame and free himself by swatting blockers' hands away. Longer centers stifle his strengths. Can press pocket a little bit as rusher but not enough to matter in the pros. Likely limited to early down snaps only.
							
2017	Julie'n Davenport	2557963	OT	Bucknell	Davenport is the odds-on favorite to be the eighth offensive lineman from outside the FBS in the last ten drafts to be been selected in the top 100 picks. The cousin of former Kentucky and NBA player Michael Kidd-Gilchrist didn't have FBS offers coming out, but should have. He started all 44 games at left tackle in his career with Bucknell, earning all-conference honors each year (second team in 2013, first team from 2014-2016). The Bison's two-time team captain was named first-team All-American teams from multiple outlets in 2016, as well.	Possesses elite arm length and hand size for the position. Can unravel his arms and stick them into the chest of a frustrated edge rusher. Able to gain necessary ground to race to the edge over first two kick slides. Keeps head back and out of pass sets when he punches. Team leader and two-year captain. Good strength in hands to snatch and secure the frame of defenders. Has adequate athleticism to reach and hook the edge. Able to get out in space as pulling tackle or on screens. Has moldable physical traits to work with.
								Competition level won't have him prepared for NFL rushers. Feet are a little heavy. Struggles to redirect back inside against stunts. Plays with inconsistent base width and balance. Will allow secure blocks to slip out of the side door due to poor footwork. Leans into run blocks rather than running feet under him. Has to keep his feet alive and moving after initial contact. Hand approach and placement is spotty. Loses base on lateral work due to tall pad level and uneven weight dispersal.
							
2017	Nazair Jones	2557964	DT	North Carolina	Jones nearly had to give up football after his junior year in high school, suffering from complex regional pain syndrome, a disease that made him unable to walk and caused him to lose 50 pounds in a month. He returned to play as a senior, but many schools backed off his recruiting trail. While redshirting in Chapel Hill in 2013, "Naz" added 40 pounds of weight, making him a 295-pound interior defender. Despite not starting any games in 2014, Jones led the team with 7.5 tackles for loss. Jones missed games with a leg injury and a concussion as a sophomore (40 tackles, four for loss), but was still a third-team All-ACC pick by league media. He earned that same honor in 2016, setting career highs in tackles (70) and tackles for loss (9.5) while being credited with 2.5 sacks. Jones also used his length to break up 10 passes during his career. 	Has good size with long arms and thick lower half. Play strength is above average. Likes to iniate the contact at point of attack. Initial punch has some shock behind it and he has the power to press defenders off of his chest and keep them at the end of his length. Hand placement generally sound. Can beat one-on-one blocks. Has ability to set the edge and man both gaps. Good twitch in his shed to disengage and make the tackle. Above average tackle production for interior. Rarely beaten soundly by a base block. Shows some control at point of attack. 
								Instincts and awareness are below average. Can be slow to find the football. Fooled by misdirection, play-action and screen passes. Lacks feel for flow of the play causing him to play behind the blocks rather than racing in front of them. Lacks feet to recover past a reach block. Needs to operate with more width in his base for balance consistency. Below average change of direction. Plows head-first into pass protection. Doesn't have much of a rush plan and is still looking for a competent counter move. Plays with some stiffness in lower half which affects pad level.
							
2017	Myles Garrett	2557965	DE	Texas A&M	The Dallas area Defensive Player of the Year as a high school senior and member of an athletic family (mother, sister were college track stars, father Sean played in the NBA), big things were expected from Garrett upon his arrival in College Station. He didn't disappoint. The consensus Freshman All-American and second-team All-SEC pick had 11.5 sacks as a freshman. Garrett then added finalist honors for the Lombardi and Hendricks Awards as the nation's top defender as a sophomore with 19.5 tackles for loss and tying for second in the FBS with 12.5 sacks and five forced fumbles. While fighting a knee injury suffered early in 2016, Garrett was still named first-team All-American and All-SEC as a junior (15 tackles for loss, 8.5 sacks) while playing in 11 games, starting just nine. 	Chiseled physique with functional strength, and not just beach muscles. Bigger than people think. Uber-athlete with spring-loaded hips and elite explosiveness. Powerful legs allow him to fight through redirect blocks and corner the edge at a sharp angle. Dominant pass-rush ability and production in college. Remarkable burst off the snap. His first three steps can throw an offense into disarray. When he times the snap, tackles have almost no chance of catching him at the edge. Wicked, whirling, dervish inside spin move that's reminiscent of Dwight Freeney's. Charges, coils, and springs up into tackles to help facilitate a quality bull rush. Game-wrecking potential. Has game experience against the likes of La'el Collins, Shon Coleman, Cam Robinson and Laremy Tunsil. Can play with a hand in the ground or standing. Able to spin in either direction out of block engagement. Lightning-fast inside charge extremely disruptive against the run. Gobbles up grass with long strides in open-field pursuit. Plus acceleration to the runner. Quick twitch creates ability to bound suddenly into running backs looking to charge past line of scrimmage. Outstanding rate as a tackle finisher with running backs and quarterbacks rarely escaping his clutches. Looks to maintain run fits rather than play hero ball. Has ability to play on both sides of the line of scrimmage.
								Relies heavily on tremendous athleticism and explosion. Still learning how to string moves together and work with a pass-rush plan. At times, will take too long to activate counter moves when initial attack has stalled. Effort level appears closely tied to fatigue level at times. As pass rusher, uses hands reactively too often rather than proactively. Gets too cozy with blockers and will ride block for too long. Needs more urgency in disengagement. Would benefit with violent stick-and-move punch quickness into blockers. Has to work overtime to set a strong edge. Gets uprooted and widened out by quality run-blocking tackles. Never played in more than 70 percent of the defensive snaps in any of his three seasons at Texas A&M. Scouts are convinced he took plays off to protect his health this season.
							
2017	Mike Williams	2557966	WR	Clemson	After a successful freshman season (three starts, 20 catches, 316 yards, three scores), Williams took a large step forward in 2014. He received third-team All-ACC recognition by catching 57 passes for a whopping 1,030 yards (18.1 per) and six touchdowns while freshman Deshaun Watson ran the show. Hoping to parlay that performance into an All-American junior year, Williams instead nearly saw his career end after fracturing his neck by hitting his helmet against the goal post on a touchdown catch in the season opener. He was cleared for contact before the 2016 season, however, and took advantage of his health in a big way. The second-team Walter Camp All-American and first-team All-ACC pick caught 84 passes for 1,171 yards and 10 scores, putting up highlight-reel plays on several occasions.	Prototypical height, weight, speed prospect. Fills out the uniform as well as any receiver in college football. Sells vertical push to create an early hip turn from backpedaling cornerbacks. Uses hands to create late separation on vertical throws. Long arms and big hands can go get throws at their highest point, snatching 50/50 balls away from his in-air competitors. Ball tracking is impeccable. Able to track it inside, outside or over his shoulder. Hands catcher who plucks it away from his body. Has body control to dig out the low balls and contort to grab throws Deshaun Watson leaves behind him. Concentration ramps up when routes take him between the hashes. Works middle of the field with no reservations about what is lingering. Has been asked to work all three levels of the field at Clemson. Can make cornerbacks miss after the catch and extend his play. Needs more commitment as a run blocker but has frame and strength to make a difference as a blocker.
								Natural pass catcher who will occasionally run into focus drops. Drops issue found him over second half of the season. Route work lacks focus and energy. Creates very little indecision from cornerbacks with his head fakes and jab steps. Ability to win with physical traits could dry up on next level. Could use better understanding of route leverage to open wider passing lanes for quarterbacks. Plant-and-go at the stem lacks crispness as does acceleration from his cuts. Average release quickness. Gets hung up by press corners with a good lead jab. Needs to play to his size. Gets muscled against sideline too often. Fumbled twice this season. Neck injury forced him to miss entire 2015 season so until he clears combine medicals, teams may have a red flag on him.
							
2017	Duke Riley	2557967	OLB	LSU	The Bayou Bengals nearly lost out on signing Riley, as they offered him a grayshirt opportunity instead of a full initial scholarship. LSU came through with the scholly late in the process, and Riley signed on with his home-state team. Unfortunately for him, the Tigers' depth at linebacker kept him from playing significant minutes until his senior season. He played 39 games in his first three seasons, making seven tackles as a freshman, 20 tackles as a sophomore (starting one game that year), and then racking up 24 stops while waiting for his turn as a junior. Riley stuck with it, however, as he saw guys like Deion Jones (second-round pick for Atlanta in 2016) become NFL prospects with their patience. He started all 12 games as a senior, leading the squad with 93 tackles, nine for loss, 1.5 sacks and an interception.	Got better as senior season progressed. Instincts and angles improved with more game experience. Had one of his better games against Alabama. Scouts impressed with improved play and consistency. Shows willingness to dart downhill and into the gaps to try and make a play in the backfield. Squares ball carrier in center of his strike zone and fires from hips into the tackle with good wrap up. Shows decent acceleration in his pursuit after diagnosing. Able to open hips and run with long, loose strides in open field. Has clear eyes and processes mesh-point quickly against zone-read and play-action. Gives early response to crossing routes in his area.
								Undersized and could have limited position flexibility. Questionable play strength to take on blockers and constrict his gap. Only one season as a starter. Gets in trouble when he sits and waits in the hole. Has to trigger downhill early to overcome limited size and athleticism. Gets caught in the second-level trash in his pursuit. Needs to take better paths to the ball. Not a quick-twitch linebacker. Has build-up speed but lacks short-area quickness to finish from challenging tackle angles. Foot quickness isn't good enough to match up against running backs coming out of backfield.
							
2017	Deyshawn Bond	2557968	C	Cincinnati	NA	Powerful upper body. Initial contact contains pop. Creates strong leverage points as base blocker. Explodes into down blocks and snaps hips under his hands to seal the deal. Capable in zone and in combo blocks, taking solid angles to second-level targets. Good snap to set quickness in pass protection. Able to handle a strong bull rush. Athletic with good foot quickness in his pass slide from gap edge to the other. Reactive quickness enables his recoveries. Good torque in his punch. Uses plus body control to mirror and engage pass rushers. Uses quick hands to catch and control twisters. Solid games against Houston's Ed Oliver and Purdue's Jake Replogle.
								Undersized with short arms. Doesn't generate much drive off the snap. Leg drive gears down after contact. Can do better job of working feet into position after initial contact on both first and second levels. Slightly below average sustaining blocks. Can be beaten to the punch by length. Needs improved arm extension in his pass protection to keep rushers out of his frame. Will short his first block if he thinks a blitz is coming behind it. Needs to do better job of diagnosing blitz packages coming off the edge.
							
2017	Matt Milano	2557969	OLB	Boston College	In recent years, Boston College football was known for the skill of its linebackers, from Luke Kuechly to Mark Herzlich. Milano, the 2012 Central Florida Defensive Player of the Year, took on that mantle the past two seasons for the Eagles after appearing in 25 games as a reserve his first two seasons on campus (23 tackles, three for loss). ACC media voted him honorable mention all-conference after his junior season where he had 60 tackles, a team-high 17.5 for loss and 6.5 sacks, two forced fumbles and two blocked kicks. Milano started on the strong side for the second straight year in 2016, earning honorable mention all-ACC nods from coaches and media (58 tackles, 11 for loss, 6.5 sacks, one interception, blocked punt).	Well-defined with muscular arms and tapered waist. Wonderfully aggressive. Heat-seeking missile who looks for contact. Form tackler looking to strike, lift, and bury. Former safety with disciplined vision and above-average instincts. Can get home as blitzer. Reacts quickly to play-action screen passes and reverses. Good straight-line speed and revved motor for extended tackle range. Has some coverage ability in space. Durable two-year starter playing more than 94 percent of his team's defensive snaps. Accelerates through contact. Speed and toughness creates potential opportunities at multiple linebacker spots. Special teams demon with three blocked punts and 24 coverage tackles.
								Needs to add a little more size to his frame. Can be outmuscled by size. Hand usage is inconsistent. Needs to improve in art of discarding blockers. Just average at punching and shedding to keep himself clean in take-on situations. Bad habit of ducking head into crunching tackles rather than seeing what he hits. Tightly wound with average change-of-direction talent. Can improve his path to perimeter to avoid traffic around him.
							
2017	Malik McDowell	2557970	DT	Michigan St.	As a top-50 high school recruit out of Detroit, McDowell could have gone anywhere. He went against his family's wishes and enrolled in East Lansing, which made head coach Mark Dantonio and his staff quite happy. After playing mostly in a reserve role as a freshman (15 tackles, 1.5 sacks), McDowell lined up two second-team All-Big Ten seasons for the Spartans. Using an explosive first step, he racked up 13 tackles for loss and 4.5 sacks as a sophomore as the team made the college football playoffs. Both Sparty and McDowell saw things turn south a bit in 2016, including his numbers (seven TFL, 1.5 sacks) and the team's wins (just three). The junior suffered an ankle injury mid-season, which in part caused his lack of production.	Slippery and long. Combination of arm length and flexible torso allow him to slither into gaps and create disruptions for blockers. Freaky combination of size and athleticism. Can overwhelm blockers with pure strength and explosiveness when his feet are right. Strong enough in lower half to play through contact and cause stress in the pocket. Has tremendous amount of untapped potential waiting to be unlocked. Quick, strong hands in pass rush. Able to attack the edge with club-and-swim pet move. Can crank up a pocket-caving bull rush. Can redirect his weight and maintain pursuit of scrambling mobile quarterbacks. Long frame and play speed can close out perimeter runs and foil them before corner is turned. Elite playmaking radius. Explosive lateral movement and quickness. Can bound from one gap to the next in Sparty's slanting defensive front. Will be extremely difficult to cross face as he learns the position. Has experience up and down the defensive line. 
								Footwork and technique are a mess. Plays with inconsistent base width and overall balance. Struggles to keep feet clean and ends up on the ground. Lines up in narrow, three-point stance from interior and struggles to fight back against down blocks and double teams. Can be washed out of his gap too often. High center of gravity made interior work a challenge at times. Can bend, but lets high pad level get the best of him. Doesn't consistently utilize his length with first hands. Has to become better at controlling the point of attack with his natural attributes. Needs to punch and control rather than leaning on blockers. Production doesn't match up with the traits and the talent. Scouts concerned about work ethic and leadership.
							
2017	Paul Magloire, Jr.	2557971	LB	Arizona	Magloire has crossed the country to find a football home, and based on his play the past two seasons, Tucson apparently fit the bill. He also looked for a position early in his collegiate career, starting out at Appalachian State as a quarterback (he was the New York Old Spice Player of the Year as a high school senior). He moved to running back for his second season with the Mountaineers in 2013 (2-9 rushing) before moving on to Arizona Western Junior College, where he was an All-American and conference defensive player of the year at safety (101 tackles, six for loss, two interceptions, three blocked kicks). Magloire started out at safety for the Wildcats, but moved to linebacker partway through the 2015 season, starting the final eight games there (72 tackles, four TFL). He polished off his career by leading the team with 81 tackles, 5.5 for loss, and 2.5 sacks.	Instinctive around the box. Does a good job of reading and reacting with consistency. Has a good feel for the developing run lanes, and is able to read running back's intentions, mirroring them to their paths. Has experience at safety, inside linebacker and outside linebacker. Motor is always running. Approaches ball carriers in tackle-ready position. Drops into space and immediately has head on a swivel looking for coverage responsibilities.
								Stiff through hips. Lower body is resistant to sudden change of direction. Poor reactive quickness limits his tackle range. Might be too tight to handle coverage in space. Inconsistent at playing off blocks. Needs to keep adding bulk and muscle to handle the rigors of the position. Gets eaten alive by size when he doesn't keep himself clean. Lacks the burst and recovery talent to take downhill chances into the gaps. Gets bullied off the edge as an outside linebacker and lacks NFL rush talent.
							
2017	Marquel Lee	2557972	LB	Wake Forest	One of the most aggressive players in the ACC over the past three seasons, Lee finally received all-conference recognition for his achievements in 2016. He was a second-team pick after finishing in the top 15 nationally with 20 tackles for loss among his team-leading 105 stops. Lee also set a career high with 7.5 sacks on the year. The two-time team captain contributed as a freshman (14 tackles) before getting into the starting line-up in 2014 (101 tackles, 12 for loss, four sacks). Lee led the team with 10 tackles for loss in 2015 (71 tackles, three sacks).	Good build with long arms. Shows some instincts in run game and reacts quickly to flow of the play. Races ahead of running back when he has play-side contain and spills it back inside. Team leader. Disciplined approach when plays flow to outside. Leads with his hands and has some pop in his punch. Tape was consistent and solid against Florida State. Scrapes downhill to secure backside when he recognizes his run fit. Adequate depth in his coverage drops.
								Has a tendency to run himself into traffic. Bites on misdirection and inside zone plays. Drifts too close to line of scrimmage and becomes easy pickings for climbing linemen sealing off a cutback lane. Lacks athletic ability to spin out of trouble or climb over top of blocks. Lateral scrapes lose ground due to lack of quickness. At times, rides blocks rather than shucking and looking for work. Slow in change-of-direction transitions. Play speed is below average as are his man-cover skills.
							
2017	Leonard Fournette	2557973	RB	LSU	It was pretty clear that Fournette was going to be a star in college after he dominated at the high school level in New Orleans. The No. 1 overall recruit and USA Today National High School Offensive Player of the Year chose to stay in-state, and he made his mark in his three years at LSU. Fournette led the SEC in all-purpose yards as a true freshman (137.4 per game, including 1,034 rushing yards, 625 on kickoff returns). He followed that up with by nearly clearing the 2,000-yard mark (1,953) and scoring 22 rushing touchdowns in a consensus All-American sophomore campaign.  Unfortunately, his junior season did not go as planned, as a pre-season ankle injury was aggravated multiple times during the year, limiting his playing time to just seven games (he chose not to play in the team's bowl game to prepare himself for the pre-draft evaluation process). That seventh game shouldn't have happened, but a pre-game brawl against Florida pushed him to play hurt. Regardless of the injury, he received second-team All-SEC honors with five 100-yard games and a 287-yard, three-touchdown effort against Ole Miss. 	Full-on, grown man with outstanding definition throughout his body. Built like a linebacker with speed like a receiver. Long, powerful strides get speedy turnover. Click and go runner who hits his second gear faster than most big backs you'll ever see. Able to accelerate and scream around the corner for chunk runs against linebackers lacking speed or urgency to the edge. Powerful hips and thighs shake defenders right off. Tacklers better bring full force and technique. Always the hammer and never the nail. Violent finisher looking to intimidate run-support safeties with crushing blows behind lower pads. Runs feet through any and all contact. Has balance and power to plow through tackle attempts on an angle. Punishing stiff arms go viral. Has experience running from two-back, single-back and off-set looks. Hands are adequate in passing game. Can create for himself with power and speed. Wins in short-yardage and goal-line situations.
								Doesn't make many defenders miss with open field shake. Aggressive, take-on style could lead to shortened career. Struggles to elude sudden traffic at line of scrimmage. Lacks looseness of hips to jump-cut from gap to gap. Struggled with a bad ankle for most of the season. Plays through a straw. Excitable runner in need of more patience. Too quick to hit the accelerator and slam into defenders when there are still cuts and yards left in the play. Runs to obvious daylight but needs to learn to anticipate and finesse the crease in traffic. Doesn't see cutback lanes developing as outside zone runner and prefers to keep runs play-side. Throws half-hearted, grazing shoulder as chip blocker. Pass protection and routes need extensive work.
							
2017	Dare Ogunbowale	2557974	RB	Wisconsin	In spite of Ogunbowale's skills, some think he's only the second-best athlete in the family. His sister, Arike, was a three-time Wisconsin high school basketball player of the year and is now one of the top scorers at Notre Dame. Ogunbowale (whose name is pronounced DAR-ay oh-goon-bo-WALL-ay) came to Wisconsin as a walk-on defensive back. He redshirted in 2012 and played in eight games on special teams in 2013. Ogunbowale moved from cornerback to running back after the first game of the 2014 season due to injuries there (34-193, TD) and was also the team's second-leading special teams tackler with nine. With Corey Clement not playing much in 2015, Ogunbowale started 10 games and led the team in rushing (194-819, seven TD rushing; 36-299, TD receiving). Clement returned to start this fall, so Ogunbowale's numbers went down a bit (91-506, five TD rushing; 24-208, one TD).	Runs with proper pad level. Decent hips to cut and swerve away from tacklers or shake them off. Runs hard through contact and can keep runs alive. Good feel for stretch plays and can shift paths without gearing down. Has good vision to make wise choices. Served as Wisconsin's third-down back. Soft hands and helped out of the backfield on screens, swings and "V" routes. Can separate from linebackers out of breaks. Swivels head and scans for work in pass protection. Gives a solid poke to pass rushers with chip blocks. Willing to square up a blitzer.
								Runs with low knees. Run speed rarely varies. Lacks a big burst downhill and struggles to squeeze through tight creases. Will stutter step toward line of scrimmage unless he sees a clear rushing path. Benefitted from monster running lanes created by Wisconsin's offensive line. Try-hard back but not a dynamic runner; what you see is what you get. Doesn't have enough juice to accelerate to lateral escapes if he has to slow it down. Lacks desired speed for chunk runs. Not much of a catch radius. Has issues securing the low throws.
							
2017	KD Cannon	2557975	WR	Baylor	KD O'Keith Cannon chose Baylor as a top-50 national recruit because of the receiver-friendly offense that then-head coach Art Briles ran in Waco. With the tumult in the program this offseason, the firing of Briles resulted in Cannon writing on Snapchat that "you'll probably never see me in a Baylor uniform again." Eventually he cooled off, deciding to finish his collegiate career with the Bears. The team was happy to have him back, as he played well enough to earn first-team All-Big 12 honors (87-1,215, 13 TDs). This was no surprise, since Cannon was a 1,000-yard receiver and honorable mention All-Big 12 and consensus Freshman All-American in his rookie year (seven starts, 58-1,030, eight TDs). Cannon's numbers were down a bit in 2015 (50-868, six TDs), although he was a second-team All-Big 12 pick after starting every game.	Extremely athletic. Able to leap over low tackle attempts and twist upper body in mid-air to adjust to the throw. Smooth, long strider who can eat up cushions and go get it on vertical routes. Difficult to overthrow him. Looks to stack cornerbacks on his hip when he has desired positioning on post routes. Plus ball tracking. Adjusts his path to the flight of the ball and can track it over his shoulder. Typically a body catcher, but flashes ability to snatch throws well outside of his frame.
								Slim frame lacks route strength. Pad level way too high into breaks for comeback routes causing him to skid to a stop. Shows some balance issues in his routes. Missing sharp stop-and-open ability to create space underneath. Body catcher who struggled with contested catches. Finished 2016 with nine drops. Waits on throws rather than snatching at the high point. Baylor offense prevented defenses from physically challenging his release. Ran a route stick with good stops, gos and stop-and-gos.
							
2017	Joe Mixon	2557976	RB	Oklahoma	Over the past three years, Mixon's off-field issues have overshadowed his on-field accomplishments. Named the No. 1 running back recruit in the country by some services, Mixon expected to make an instant impact. He ran afoul of the law in July 2014, however, by punching a female student after she shoved him. Mixon was suspended for the season, and more than two years later video of the incident was released, forcing him to publically apologize. Mixon was also suspended for one game this fall for disrespecting a parking attendant after receiving a ticket. He did receive first-team All-Big 12 honors for his on-field play, rushing for 1,274 yards, averaging nearly seven yards per rush with 10 touchdowns. He also ranked in the top five nationally with 194 all-purpose yards per game (37-538, 5 TDs receiving; 494 yards, TD on kick returns). In 2015, Mixon came on the scene as a rusher (753 yards, seven TD) and receiver (28-356, four TDs).	Outstanding burst to go from first level to third level. Goes from glide to burst quickly and can hit chunk plays between tackles and around corners. Can go from elusive to banger when he needs to. Will drop the pads and drive through tacklers in short yardage spots. Flashy feet for his size. Can jump-cut around defenders in tight quarters. Smooth hips help him swivel around the second and third levels. Able to show and go leaving linebackers diving as he escapes out of the side door. Strong stiff-arm helps would-be tacklers catch grass stains. Can turn the corner and create a straightaway to the end zone. Was Big 12 leader in percentage of explosive carries (15-plus yards) at 11.9 percent. True three-down back. Devastating pass catching option. Excellent route runner creating immediate separation. Soft hands to make the easy catch and the one-hander. Will step in and square up his blocking responsibilities in pass game. 
								Some in scouting community concerned with character beyond his domestic violence incident. Inconsistent as inside runner. Can be too patient at times. Looks for wide-open points of entry before he hits the gas. Can be nonchalant approaching line of scrimmage. Dances downhill allowing running lanes to become creases. Feet lag behind when headed into congestion and will get loose with his rush track inviting tacklers a chance to get a hand on him. Lacks creativity in initial stages of his run at times. Vision is just average. Fails to see backside cuts developing on stretch plays. Hops into his downhill cuts rather than a crisp plant-and-go. 
							
2017	Jeremy McNichols	2557977	RB	Boise St.	Even though Boise State already had a strong runner on board in Jay Ajayi, coaches saw enough of McNichols' all-purpose talent in 2014 to take off his redshirt in the season's sixth game. He was used as a receiver and returner as often as a runner that year (17-159, TD rushing; 15-155, TD receiving; 19-393 kick returns). After Ajayi moved on to the NFL, McNichols more than carried his share of the offense as a second-team All-Mountain West pick in 2015 (1,337 yards, 20 TDs rushing; 51-460, six TDs receiving), tying for second in the FBS with 26 total scores. He repeated second-team all-conference honors in his junior season, ranking in the top 10 in rushing yards per game (138.6) and all-purpose yards (2,255) while lifting the ball 314 times and carrying the load as a receiver (37-474, four TDs).	Able to elude sudden traffic in backfield. Not much dancing. Can shift rush tracks without tapping brakes. Fluid, flexible hips allow for multiple jump cuts and direction changes up to second level. Great vision and quick to process field in front of him. Trusts his offensive line and doesn't need point of entry for committed, downhill approach. Anticipates flow of second level defenders and responds accordingly. Good feel for interior running. Doesn't mind challenging tacklers. Stays low and finds crevices. Plus lateral agility and acceleration. Adequate speed to perimeter. Runs with body control and adjusts balance points to careen off tackle attempts. Legit pass catching option with five catches of 25-plus yards this year. Can be split out and work down the field. Two seasons of monster production on ground and through air.
								May not have lower body power to be NFL tackle-breaker. Can be felled by first level arm tackles and averaged just 2.1 yards after initial contact this season. One-speed runner without the big burst to rocket through line of scrimmage and onto the safeties. Quicker than fast. Elusiveness will wane as run moves up to second and third levels. Will get caught between finishing and eluding at times. Needs to do better job of protecting ball at impact. Fumbled eight times over last two seasons. Can be spotty in his protection. Looks to chop rushers down low and will whiff at times. 
							
2017	James Conner	2557978	RB	Pittsburgh	Conner has become one of the best stories coming out of college football the past couple of seasons, overcoming a diagnosis of Hodgkin's lymphoma to return to the field. He won the Disney Spirit Award and the ACC Brian Piccolo Award as rewards for beating cancer, but his best accomplishment was earning first-team all-conference recognition by carrying the ball 216 times for 1,092 yards and 16 touchdowns this season. Doctors found the issue while Conner was trying to rehabilitate a torn right MCL that forced him to miss all but the opener of the 2015 season. Conner made a name for himself by racking up 1,765 yards and 26 scores as a sophomore, garnering second-team AP All-American and ACC Player of the Year honors. He ranked third in the FBS in rushing yards despite being hindered by a hip injury the final two regular season games. In his true freshman season, Conner came on late, setting a school bowl record with 229 yards against Bowling Green as the Little Caesar's Bowl MVP (he had 799 yards, eight TDs total on the year.)	Team captain known for incredible resilience and mental toughness. Leaned down and added more muscle mass this season. Arm tackles are a waste of time. Carries heavy momentum behind pads at finish. Drops shoulder to punish final tackler. Uses wicked stiff-arm to punch and swat tacklers to the ground. Creates for himself through brute force. Natural power in lower half. Doesn't need a clean point of entry for aggressive, downhill charge. Excellent contact balance despite heavy shots on his legs. Short-yardage specialist who can move the chains and score touchdowns. Willing to leave his feet and sacrifice body near goal line. Willing blocker in pass pro and showed ability to come out of backfield in wheel routes, swing passes and outs. 
								Needs a clean slate of blocks to consistently make his way around the corner on the next level. Could struggle to accelerate from tacklers if he gets too cute. Runs with stiff hips and heavy legs. Lacks quick-escape athleticism for sudden shake in open field. All power, no finesse. Early defensive penetration short-circuits his run. Average lateral movement and not desired amount for every-down back. Can be a little slow to process moving parts in front of him. Not a press-and-cut back and needs to learn to set blocks up better. Hands a little stiff as pass catcher and will fight the ball at times. Tape shows occasional confusion in blitz pick-up. Medical concerns will continue to follow him.
							
2017	Jamal Adams	2557979	S	LSU	The son of a former NFL running back (George, who played at Kentucky and on the Super Bowl champion New York Giants team of 1986) looks like he's grown up with the game. Even in LSU's always-loaded secondary, the nation's top safety recruit got on the field a significant amount as a true freshman (two starts, 66 tackles, five break-ups, 10 special teams tackles). When given the chance to start as a sophomore, Adams garnered second-team All-SEC honors by making 67 stops, four interceptions and six pass break-ups. Coaches voted him second-team all-conference after his junior year (76 tackles, 7.5 for loss, one interception, four pass break-ups) even though the Associated Press put him on their first-team All-American squad due to his all-around impact for the Tigers' defense. 	Natural-born leader of men. Well-built. Will not hesitate for one second as a hitter. Steps downhill looking to punish running backs to set a tone for defense. Toggles between patient and urgent in treks to the ball. Plays off blockers. Approaches target with open arms and wide, balanced base to limit escape routes. Intelligent field general. Gets secondary aligned properly. Plays with plus balance in coverage. Pattern reader who can digest combinations. Alert for misdirection keys from offense. Party crasher on screen plays. Can handle coverage responsibilities against tight ends. Five interceptions and two recovered fumbles over last two seasons at LSU. Special-teams terror as freshman and sophomore, notching 21 tackles. No penalties in 2016. Father, George, was a first-round pick of the Giants in 1984.
								Handsy and too willing to clamp onto receivers down the field. Hard-charging downhill, but a little stiff when asked to retreat. Long speed appears to be average on tape. Eyes drop when targets approach his area. Anticipation is average, limiting his range as a center-fielder. Will give away some interceptions due to drops. Slower coming to balance as tackler on bursting runners between the tackles. Desire to limit cutbacks leads to challenging play-side tackles. Doesn't pursue with expected vigor from across the field. Aggressiveness opens him up against play-action. 
							
2017	Jabrill Peppers	2557980	LB	Michigan	A New Jersey kid who wanted to play for Michigan because of Heisman Trophy winner Charles Woodson, Peppers' home life wasn't easy. His father spent most of Jabrill's childhood in jail, and his brother was shot and killed seven years ago. Football seems to be his calling, though, as he was named the 2013 USA Today High School Defensive Player of the Year while also starring on offense and in track (won 100 meters and 200 meters at state in both his junior and senior years.) Peppers' collegiate career was sidetracked due to a leg injury after three games (one start, eight tackles). He picked up the Big Ten Freshman of the Year Award and first-team all-conference in 2015 (5.5 tackles for loss, 10 pass break-ups; 72 rush yards, 2 TDs; 27.9 kick return average, 11.4 punt return average). Last fall, he was the conference Linebacker of the Year and first-team honoree (72 tackles, 16 for loss, four sacks, one INT). He did not play in the Orange Bowl, however, due to a hamstring injury that flared up in practice.	Athletic and fluid in space with desired change of direction talent. Moves with the changing flow of a play. Willing to sacrifice body to honor contain against run. Jack of all trades. Can play slot, safety or linebacker in sub-packages in any given game. Won't hesitate to race downhill once he diagnoses run. Hits with as much force as he can muster. Has big closing burst. Runs plays down from sideline to sideline. Able to knife into gaps and make tackles for losses or disrupt runs. Has man cover talent and is physical enough to handle most tight ends. Has enough quickness to match receivers. Aggressively re-routes receivers. Capable blitzer who buzzes in from all angles. Electric return man with ability to charge up crowd and his own sideline with big kick or punt return. Has experience carrying and catching the ball and as wildcat quarterback. Could offer red-zone flexibility on offense. 
								Scouts question his instincts and lack of ball production. Has just one interception and 10 passes defensed at Michigan. Slow to recognize construct of play and can be found playing through a straw at times. Needs better recognition and anticipation to become an improvising play-maker. Doesn't always trust his feet in coverage and will maul at the top of the route. Just a guy when asked to play deep safety. Slow to read and range until ball is in the air. Can be overzealous against play-action and drawn below his deep ball responsibilities. Too small for take-on duties at linebacker. Leads into tackles with ducked head. Opts to hit rather than wrap-up.
							
2017	Elijah Qualls	2557981	DT	Washington	Comparisons between Qualls and former squat teammate Danny Shelton (picked 12th overall in 2015 by Cleveland) are inevitable. The California native was a prized recruit, and even ran for over 1,800 yards and 23 scores in his final two years in high school. Qualls played 14 games as a reserve (13 tackles, two for loss) as a redshirt freshman, then started eight games the following year (26 tackles, 4.5 sacks). Ddespite missing three games with ankle injuries, Pac-12 coaches thought enough of his 2016 play to vote him first-team all-conference (38 tackles, five for loss, three sacks) as the Huskies won the league crown and gained a college football playoff berth. Scouts appreciated Qualls' effort in the semifinal against Alabama, where he played almost exclusively as a stand-up edge rusher despite his 300-plus-pound frame.	Has broad, thick hips. Possesses low center of gravity and plays with natural leverage. Has ability to control point of attack. Powerful upper body and can land a strong punch that sets a winning leverage point. Former high school fullback with nimble feet and surprising athleticism for his size. Has feet to overcome early reach block and work back into pursuit. Looks to pursue and run through the rib cage of a running back at impact. Two-gap reader with ability to eat space and brace up to double teams. Has ability to stuff wash-down blocks and cuts. Plays with good body control. 
								Body consists of stubby legs, short arms and a very soft middle with excess weight. Can be a little sluggish off the snap against lateral movement. Will get behind early in the rep. More adept at holding ground than making plays. Feet are nimble but hips are stiff. Unable to flip around the edge as pass rusher. Need to see more plays being made against run and pass. Stays glued to blockers for too long. Game lacks consistency of effort and production. Scouts say he has put on bad weight and needs to improve his work ethic.
							
2017	Eddie Vanderdoes	2557982	DT	UCLA	Rated as a five-star recruit from Auburn, California, Vanderdoes started his career with the Bruins like gangbusters. He played all 13 games, starting seven, in his first year at Westwood, garnering honorable mention All-Pac-12 and Freshman All-American honors (39 tackles, 4.5 for loss). Vanderdoes was an honorable mention pick again in 2014, starting 12 times and racking up 50 tackles, 5.5 for loss and two sacks. He was off to a great start as a junior, making eight tackles, two for loss, in the opener but suffered a torn left ACL during the game and had to redshirt. Vanderdoes returned to start 12 times in 2016, earning honorable mention All-Pac-12 recognition for the third time in his career (28 stops, 1.5 behind the line of scrimmage).	His lone 2015 contest (vs. Virginia) showed off his enormous talent. His body type belies his surprising athleticism. Solid functional lateral movement and change of direction. Able to spin out of blocks with quick feet. Gives good chase along backside. Booming power in his hands to tilt rep in his favor after initial punch. Explodes hips into contact to dislodge blockers Has strength and ability to play nose tackle or three-technique. Can two-gap. Gets inside arm under and rag dolls move blocks to challenge cutback lanes. Grows roots against double teams and fights to split them rather than trying to survive. Brings toughness and edge to the workplace. Better rush potential than numbers indicate. Has strength to walk interior linemen back in the pocket. 
								Missed almost entire 2015 season with torn ACL and he didn't seem to bounce all the way back in 2016. Carries weight poorly in his upper body and especially midsection. Came into season with additional weight. Needs to eliminate 15-20 pounds to play at an optimal level. A little slow in reaction time off snap. Gets behind against move blocks and will often play from backside rather than play-side. Pad level rises after initial stages of rep. Needs to improve conditioning. Has to keep weight down and get full mobility back. Despite his ability, sack production has lagged behind. 
							
2017	DeShone Kizer	2557983	QB	Notre Dame	Kizer got a chance to start at quarterback for Notre Dame as a redshirt freshman in 2015 when Malik Zaire had surgery on a broken ankle to end his season. The big-bodied, athletic passer played well given his lack of experience, completing 63 percent of his passes for 2,884 yards and 21 touchdowns. Kizer earned the starting spot coming into the 2016 season, as head coach Brian Kelly saw the young man's potential. He started the season strong (five touchdown passes against Texas in the opener) but fell into a midseason slump that saw him benched for Zaire at times. He threw for 2,925 yards and 26 touchdowns for the 4-8 Irish last year, and received sufficient positive feedback from NFL sources about his ability to leave school.	Big quarterback with a big arm. Can make all of the throws. Has step and crank power to drive throws into the seams. Has the arm talent and willingness to challenge safeties on both intermediate and deep throws. Looks the part with thick frame to withstand NFL punishment. Over the top delivery creates tight spirals. Has powerful grip allowing for aggressive pump fakes to move defense around. When he's comfortable, will tie feet with his eyes as he scans the field. Adequate drive accuracy. If he feels a completion is imminent, he'll stand in and take a punishing shot. Strong, authoritative runner with the speed to hit a big play with his feet. Two-way threat in the red zone. Posted 18 rushing touchdowns over last two seasons.
								Gets stuck on primary read missing out on early openers around field. May not have eyes or compact release to spot and hit flashing targets. Can be too reliant upon arm strength over mechanics. Wants open throwing window rather than operating with early anticipation. Can improve in leading receivers and throwing stationary targets open. Too hesitant. Gets caught in pump fake vortex at times. Quick to drop his eyes and halt progressions when pocket warms up. Inconsistent decision-maker. Showed dreadful lapses in judgement that lead to interceptions. Too willing to make off-balanced heaves. Benched against Stanford. Had at least one interception in 15 of his 23 starts. Will take a sack despite having ample time to read and throw.
							
2017	Derek Barnett	2557984	DE	Tennessee	The defensive line talent seen in the Southeastern Conference makes it difficult to make an all-conference squad. Barnett made the honor roll three times in three years. The Nashville native was the first freshman ever to start on the line for Tennessee in 2014, making 20.5 tackles for loss (which led the SEC) and 10 sacks on the year. Barnett led the Vols with 10 more sacks in 2015, earning a spot on the Associated Press All-Bowl Team with eight tackles and a sack versus Northwestern in the Outback Bowl. In his junior year, Barnett was a first-team All-SEC pick and first-team All-American by multiple outlets with 18 tackles for loss and 12 sacks (which ranked sixth in the FBS).	Championship hand fighter on college level. Hands are strong, fast, efficient and lethal. Punch-and-discard winner. As rusher, swats are well-timed discarding tackle's punch attempt. Attacks the edge with good forward lean and works hands and feet in harmony on road to the quarterback. Uses jab steps and lateral movement to search for the edge of the blocker. Has leverage and strength to play right through redirects. Elite production on par with former Vol and Hall of Famer Reggie White against run and as sack artist. Not content to just set the edge -- wants to make the play. Uses hand fighting and play strength to work through leverage points. Long strider who can crash down the line to challenge gap plays if unblocked. Punishing hitter. Delivers crushing tackles and sacks when given the opportunity. Hustle player who pursues the play with intent. Rag-dolls tight ends at point of attack. Plus field awareness recognizing play-action, reverses, and screens. Fluid enough to drop into space and play some zone. 
								Admitted slow starter who has had issues with sluggishness to start a season. Will overthink it at times rather than just reacting. Can be undisciplined with guessing snap count and taking penalties. Change-of-direction issues typical of a broad-waisted big man. Struggles to redirect movements suddenly once momentum starts rolling downhill. Quarterbacks with pocket mobility can elude him. Substantially more twitch in hands than in feet. Feet are average. Initial burst upfield is average. Times snap count to help with his get-off. Aggressive forward charge opens him up to cut blocks. Long stride creates base inconsistencies at point of attack. Length is a concern. Can he still win without decisive, early victories with his hands? Loops to quarterback are rounded and might need a winning, inside counter move as a pro. 
							
2017	Ashton Lampkin	2557985	CB	Oklahoma St.	Finally getting a chance to start in 2014 after two years playing every game as a reserve (42 tackles, one interception), Lampkin was holding up nicely for the Cowboys' defense, intercepting two passes and breaking up three others in the first month of the season. But in the season's fourth game against Texas Tech, the Lone Star native suffered a severe ankle injury that forced him to request a medical redshirt. The next season, once again breaking into the starting lineup meant suffering an injury. Lampkin played through the broken thumb, however, to start eight games, make 31 tackles, break up five passes, and even intercept a Chad Kelly pass in the opening series of the Sugar Bowl. He finished his career healthy and productive, starting all 13 games and earning honorable mention All-Big 12 honors with 34 tackles, one interception and three pass breakups.	Played in various coverages and has rare experience of playing some press coverage in the Big 12. Shows patience from press coverage. Can wait for receivers to release before opening hips. Decent feet and hip fluidity to mirror and match in space. Can flip hips and hit his top gear quickly. Takes good recovery angles on post routes.
								Not a twitchy, explosive cornerback. Has issues with maintaining discipline from man and zone coverage. Gets caught staring down quarterbacks and will find himself out of position. Has a hitch at the top of his pedal when planting to drive on the throw. Delay in closing to ball will limit his production on the ball. Might not be able to carry long speed down the field. Disinterested tackler.
							
2017	David Njoku	2557986	TE	Miami	NFL teams looking for an athletic tight end should book their tickets for Coral Gables just about every year. Njoku (pronounced nJOE-koo) is the next highly-rated end to enter the NFL, following Jeremy Shockey, Greg Olsen, Jimmy Graham, Kevin Everett, and Kellen Winslow II. The former high school receiver and national boys high jump champion only started nine games in his two years on the field with the Hurricanes, but was a regular option in the passing game. He caught 21 passes for 362 yards and a touchdown as a redshirt sophomore, leading the team by averaging 17.2 yards per reception. In 2016, Njoku didn't win all-conference honors because the ACC was stacked at the position, but he was a major threat in the red zone (43-698, eight TDs).	Great muscular definition with long arms and room for 10 more pounds. Elite athlete and seam buster deluxe. Can stick a foot in the ground and break in either direction at a 90-degree angle in shorter routes. Tremendous acceleration out of breaks to separate and widen the window for quarterbacks. Opens the throttle in open field. When he catches it on the move, the YAC yards can become an avalanche. Was 7 foot high-jumper in high school and can go up and over most everyone he faces. Hand quickness to get a last second push-off and still get hands up to secure catch. Finds soft spots against zones. Plays outside, from the slot and in-line. Willing to compete as a blocker. Can push defensive backs around from slot. Gets early arm extension into defender and looks to create some turn. Shows lateral blocking ability for zone scheme. 
								Inexperienced at the position and still a work in progress. Needs to add to his play strength to handle in-line blocking as a pro. Don't skip leg days, bro. Struggled badly to stay in front of Pitt powerhouse Ejuan Price. Hands too high and wide at point of attack. Inconsistent hands over two years at Miami. Focus drops were a problem. Had eight drops over last two seasons for drop rate over 11 percent. Speed allows him to uncover on downfield routes and hasn't had to learn nuances of setting up defenders with route work. Needs to get head around and find ball quicker when working over top of linebacker. 
							
2017	Matt Dayes	2557987	RB	N.C. State	Dayes did not get the headlines like other ACC backs like Dalvin Cook and James Conner, but he's been a valued all-around offensive threat for the Wolfpack throughout his career. Going from Fort Lauderdale to Raleigh, Dayes earned carries (63 for 252 yards, four TD) and was used as a receiver (10-173, TD) as a true freshman. In 2014, he was one of just three players in the FBS with at least 300 yards rushing (573), receiving (32-321, 5 TD) and on kick returns (384) despite starting just two games. Dayes was breaking out on the national scene in 2015, and was leading the FBS with 12 rushing touchdowns through nine games, but suffered a season-ending turf toe injury (finished with 865 rushing yards, 24-172 receiving). His 2016 season was his best, as he covered 1,166 yards on the ground with 10 scores, while also catching 32 passes for 267 yards on his way to second-team All-ACC honors.	Runs with patience and presses line of scrimmage to set up his cuts. Outstanding peripheral vision with ability to find back-side cuts. Sees to second level. Operates with controlled, choppy feet in tight quarters for maximum body control. Subtle wiggle on second and third level to create more yardage. Able to gear down and make the sharp, downhill cuts on stretch plays. Solid pass-catching option.
								Too small to be an every-down back. Runs with some hip tightness. Jump cuts and lateral escapability are below average. Doesn't accelerate into contact and is too easily tripped by arm tackles. Missing necessary strength in lower body to break tackles and create through power. Averaged just 1.8 yards after initial contact over last two seasons. Lacks long speed to finish the breakaway run.
							
2017	Victor Salako	2557988	OT	Oklahoma St.	A bit overlooked as a high school recruit from Huntsville, Alabama, Salako (suh-LAY-koh) was a great pick-up for the Alabama-Birmingham football program. He started 11 games at left tackle as a redshirt freshman in 2013, and all 12 games at the position the following season. Then, UAB cut their program, spreading their talent across the country. Salako ended up at Oklahoma State, where he's lined up every game the past two years at left tackle for the Cowboys. Big 12 coaches voted him second-team all-conference for his play on the blind side in 2016.	Possesses a massive frame with good length to get into defenders. Plays with decent strength in his hands. Able to land a punch and latch on early in the rep. Frame provides him natural power to generate some early movement. Finds his way back inside against counter moves in pass protection. Utilized controlled approach to his target in run game.
								Straight-legged blocker with poor knee bend and overall leg stiffness. Plays out of an unorthodox pre-snap stance and pops straight up. Less a kick-slide that sluggish shuffle in pass sets. Allows defenders to live under his pads and gives initial ground against bull-rushers. Very narrow base as a run blocker and struggles to stay connected to his blocks. Balance is poor.
							
2017	Damore'ea Stringfellow	2557989	WR	Mississippi	Damore'ea (pronounced duh-MOR-ee-ay) Stringfellow was a West Coast kid, and started his career with the University of Washington after being ranked as a top-10 receiver recruit nationally. His star rose during his true freshman year, starting three times (20-259, one TD). He found himself in trouble with the law after a post-Super Bowl fight with Seahawks fans, forcing him into spending five days on a work crew and attending anger management classes. After spending 2014 spring practices in the doghouse, he transferred to Ole Miss. Stringfellow sat out 2014 before landing a part-time starting job with the Rebels the next year (36-503, five TDs). His final year at Ole Miss resulted in his best career numbers, as he caught 46 passes for 716 yards and six touchdowns.	Plus body control. Can twist and turn in are and has impressive ability to finish the circus catch deep down the field. Big target with catch radius that is a big advantage. Can sink low to dig throws off the grass. Targets ball at the high point. Playing style very similar to former teammate Laquon Treadwell. Works aggressively back to the throw preventing the contested catch. Gave Alabama All-American cornerback Bobby Humphrey plenty of work in their early season matchup. Excels as a vertical threat when ball is in the air. Shows zone-beater tendencies underneath. 
								Not much juice in his release and could become a jam target by physical cornerbacks. Can be uninspiring with his routes. Could use more sharpness and urgency into and out of the top of his routes. Is slow and labored sinking into his break for comeback routes. Lacks foot quickness to uncover on short throws. Scouts question his long speed; might need extended runway to reach top gear. Hands were inconsistent in 2016 season. Won't look for extra work as a blocker. 
							
2017	Noble Nwachukwu	2557990	DE	West Virginia	Athleticism is a family affair for the Nwachukwus (wah-CHOO-koo), as Noble's sisters ran track at Baylor and Texas A&M while his younger brother, Andrew, is an up-and-coming high school receiver. Nwachukwu didn't start playing football until his junior year of high school, but that didn't stop him from earning all-district honors in both of his seasons on the gridiron. He played in nine games as a redshirt freshman (five tackles, sack). Taking over the starting spot as a sophomore, Nwachukwu racked up 34 tackles, eight for loss, two sacks, and four pass breakups. His 1.5 sacks against Texas A&M in the Liberty Bowl that year portended an excellent junior year where he led the Mountaineers with 13 tackles for loss and 8.5 sacks. Nwachukwu finished his career in Morgantown by receiving honorable mention All-Big 12 honors after tying for the team lead with seven tackles for loss and topping the defense with four sacks.	Agile and explosive. Bursts out of stance and plays with urgency. Rushes with early shoulder turn and generates some speed-to-power. Has quick inside move. Plays with knee bend and excellent pad level. Makes a point of exploding into blocker at first contact. Has cross-face quickness for disruption into gaps against run. Adequate contact balance and edge strength. Has power to battle through down blocks from tight ends. Plays off blocks and finds ball carrier. Heavy tackler who drives through targets. Has twitch to shift suddenly and spring into runners looking to elude his grasp. Experience standing and dropping into space. Stoic, strong and serious. Quiet demeanor off the field is followed up with aggressive one on it. Keeps motor revved to continue pursuit all over the field.
								Short and lacks desired length for NFL defensive end spot. Tackles with arm length can get into his frame and re-route his rush attack. Pass-rush production took noticeable dip from 2015 totals. Can get stuck at top of his rush. Needs to learn how to clear his frame more effectively when blockers latch on. Early arm extension into bull-rush hinders full power potential. Needs to add creativity to his pass-rush repertoire. Delayed acceleration in his change of direction. Takes him time to ramp up and chase quarterbacks when sucked up by early play-fake.
							
2017	Dalvin Cook	2557991	RB	Florida St.	Florida State has had a slew of talented running backs over the past 30 years, but Cook was the first to break the 1,000-yard barrier in his first season with the team. The next two seasons have only gotten better, ranking in the top 10 by breaking 1,600 yards (1,691 in 2015 ranked sixth in the FBS, 1,765 in 2016 ranked fifth), scoring 19 times as a rusher, and earning first-team All-ACC accolades each year. The speedy and shifty back was also named 2016 first-team All-American by the Associated Press and Walter Camp Foundation, among others. NFL teams will be interested in his medical checks, though, because of the hamstring issues he had throughout the 2015 season and the three shoulder surgeries he's had since high school. Cook tore his rotator cuff in high school, then tore the front part of his labrum in 2014, and the back part of the labrum in 2016. He's also had run-ins with the law, starting in high school (robbery in 2009, charges dropped; firing and possessing a weapon on school property in 2010, charges drooped) and then again in 2015, where he was charged with misdemeanor battery outside a bar (found not guilty).	Uses choppy feet and compact stride length downhill. Keeps feet under him and is able to make lateral cuts at a moment's notice. Flourished in zone, gap and power schemes at FSU. At his best running wide while setting up lead blockers. Slows flowing safeties and linebackers with hesitation steps and glances back inside. Has run-away gear around the corner he keeps tucked away for special occasions. Darting style allows him to escape defenders who show gap commitment too soon. Plus vision. Quick to flow from first to second read on outside zone plays. Greedy redzone runner with ability to cash those checks. The brighter the lights, the bigger his game. Comfortable in both one-back and two-back groupings. Rare ability to cut it all the way back across the grain. Changes direction with degree of subtlety on second level without gearing down. Not much of a dancer. Tends to get hit it up the field. Feet in constant state of motion. Despite drops, can be dangerous out of backfield.
								Not always a tough inside runner. Can be early to bounce it outside rather than plant and go downhill. Needs to become more comfortable between the tackles. Excellent vision to the perimeter becomes cloudier between the b-gaps. Will duck head and finish a run prematurely rather than probing for more interior space. Not always small through the crease. Flashes ability to finish with authority but makes business decisions at times. Hips not as fluid as expected. Would benefit from use of a hearty stiff-arm. Inconsistent hands in all phases. Ball security issues with 13 career fumbles. Suffers from focus drops out of backfield. Won't square-up on blitzers and may not be reliable enough as blocker to play on third downs. 
							
2017	Ben Boulware	2557992	ILB	Clemson	Boulware was the heart and soul of Clemson's national championship defense. His first love was motocross, though; he was home-schooled until the third grade so he could compete, but a broken arm suffered during a race ended that career. He was also a very good baseball player in high school (like his brother, Garrett, who was a 2014 draft pick of the Cincinnati Reds) -- but football turned out to be his best sport. The top 100 national recruit played in 11 games as a reserve and special teams demon in 2013 (25 tackles, 1.5 for loss). Boulware played a larger role on defense in 2013, starting twice and making 58 tackles, five for loss, and intercepting a pass against Oklahoma in the Russell Athletic Bowl which he returned 47 yards for a touchdown. He finished his career with two first-team All-ACC efforts, starring as a junior (82 tackles, eight TFL, two INT, seven pass breakups) and senior (team-high 116 tackles, 11.5 TFL, four sacks).	Team captain. Brings leadership and confidence to the unit. Compact and physical. Plays with good balance through contact. Stands in to take on linemen to leverage his run gap. Knows how to utilize hands to keep himself clean. Plays with wide base and choppy, controlled shuffle in his scrape. Tough guy. Good football instincts against the pass. Aware of receivers locations and reads quarterback's intentions. Credited with 14 passes defensed in his career. Shows ability to make big plays; forced six fumbles and had seven sacks as two-year starter. Competent, productive special teams cover guy his first two seasons at Clemson.
								Plays with some stiffness and lacks desired burst to the ball. Can be feast or famine with downhill gap shots against run. Has short arms and can be engulfed by size. Eyes will see it, but responsive twitch can be a step slow. Occasionally loses track of ball carrier in mass of bodies in front of him. Has average lateral quickness and can be a little slow to mirror running back from gap to gap. Heavy feet in change of direction. Doesn't gain depth quickly in his drops after early bite on play fakes.
							
2017	J.J. Dielman	2557993	C	Utah	One of the top offensive linemen in the Pac-12 couldn't find a place on the all-conference squad this season because a leg injury ended his senior year after five games. Dielman, the cousin of former NFL lineman Kris Dielman, was a team captain and started at center for the Utes in 2016 after starting all 26 games in 2014 and 2015 at the right tackle spot. J.J. (which stands for Jeffrey Joseph) was a second-team All-Pac-12 pick as a junior. The Arizona high school all-state pick redshirted his first year in Salt Lake City and played in one game as a reserve in 2013 before becoming a fixture on Utah's line.	Has three years of experience at right tackle to go along with his newfound snaps at center. Has quick feet and good flexibility through his hips. Possesses desired body control. Talented work-up blocker who finds his second-level targets and strikes with accuracy. Can get to the difficult angles. Will work to bend knees after engagement to improve his leverage. Quick to flip hips and wall off his man. Works well with guards in handoff on combo blocks. Plays with good determination and effort. Rides the bull as long as he can after engaging with bigger defenders. Has tackle feet to mirror pass rushers along interior.
								Has short arms. Unlikely to offer tackle flexibility on roster due to a lack of length. Will need to add more bulk to prepare for NFL battles. Below average core strength. Finds himself hanging on rather than improving positioning. Finesse player in need of stellar technique without addition of play strength. Unable to create push at the point of attack without help. Can improve with securing on second level. Season-ending foot injury will have to be cleared at combine.
							
2017	D'Onta Foreman	2557994	RB	Texas	D'Onta and his twin brother, Armanti, were co-Most Valuable Players of District 24-4A while playing at Texas City High School. Both signed with Texas, with Armanti being the more prized recruit. D'Onta was the one exploding as a junior, however, leading the FBS with 184.4 rushing yards per game (2,028 total on 323 carries) and scoring 15 times. His six fumbles (all lost) were a bit worrisome, but they didn't prevent him from winning consensus All-American honors and the Doak Walker Award as the nation's best back. Freeman worked up to his starter status, playing seven games as a reserve in 2014 (15-73 rushing) and then 10 as a sophomore, rushing for 681 yards and five touchdowns before missing the final two games with a wrist injury.	Outstanding athleticism for a big runner. Smooth lateral movement. Has feet and agility for slide and go cuts from one gap to the next without a noticeable gear down. Finesses run lanes with subtle shifts and turns. Measured stride length optimizes balance. Swivels hips to swerve away from second level linebackers. Can hurdle open field tacklers who try and go low. Play speed is adequate. Has size and balance to pinball from one tackler to the next if he's not wrapped up. Jars linebackers and safeties at impact with his size alone. North-south runner. Rarely caught taking a loss due to ill-advised "bounce" outside. Proved he could shoulder heavy workload while cranking out consistent production week after week. Had tremendous conversion rate when short yardage was needed.
								Usually opts for finesse over power despite his size. Needs to become more decisive and aggressive between the tackles. Inconsistent acceleration into contact. Waits to churn feet until after blow has landed. One pace runner. Forced into 30 or more carries in six of his last seven games. Needs to press the line a little longer on inside zone carries. Impatient keeping runs play-side and looks to break back inside prematurely. Almost overly committed to original running track rather than being flexible with his reads. Burst is average through the line allowing defenders to get hands on him. Alarming ball security issues this season with seven fumbles and six lost. Poor mechanics in pass protection. Doesn't square assignments defaulting to lazy shoulder blocks.
							
2017	Marcus Maye	2557995	S	Florida	Maye lived up to his four-star recruiting status in a spectacular junior season in 2015. He was named a first-team All-American by USA Today as a 12-game starter (82 tackles, two interceptions, six pass breakups) who ranked second in the country with five forced fumbles. Unfortunately, Maye missed the last four games of the year after breaking his arm against South Carolina. League media voted him second-team All-SEC, though, for his play in the first nine weeks (50, one INT, six PBU). Maye was a starter at safety and nickel in 2014 (62 tackles, three TFL, one INT, five PBU, two FF) and contributed regularly as a true freshman the previous year (16 tackles, one TFL, one INT).	Ready-made safety frame with muscular build and long arms. Really instinctive with above-average field vision and feel for the game. Eyes dart back and forth from quarterback to receiver. Correlates quarterback's eyes and actions to a corresponding route and gets the early jump. Plays with good pattern recognition from both man and zone. Credited with a pass breakup or interception on more than 21 percent of his targets as a starter. Has speed to burst from sideline to sideline. Rangy tackler with in-play endurance for extended chases across field. Welcomes physical aspects of position. Sheds blockers quickly. Showed improved patience and diligence as tackler. Trustworthy as last line of defense.
								Despite his instincts, credited with 10 touchdowns allowed during time at Florida. Inconsistent ball tracker. Has issues playing both ball and man down the field, and can lose feel with receiver. Tape shows some issues with hip tightness. Balance can be a little spotty and he'll fight his hips when forced to transition suddenly on combination routes. Better coming downhill than playing on his heels. Missed final three games of senior season with broken arm.
							
2017	Kevin King	2557996	CB	Washington	King played for former NFL linebacker Hardy Nickerson at Bishop O'Dowd High School in Oakland, so it's not a surprise that he has the skills to play defense at the highest level. He was an honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick at cornerback the past two seasons, using his length to make plays on the ball each season (39 tackles, three interceptions, five pass break-ups in 2015; 44 stops, 3.5 for loss, two interceptions team-high 13 PBUs in 2016). His one-handed interception in the end zone against Arizona State was one of the best plays in college football last fall. King began his career for the Huskies at safety, starting twice as a true freshman (17 tackles) and then 12 of 13 games in 2014 (65 tackles, one INT, three PBU). His senior year was the first time he did not miss games during the season, as he missed five games due to injury and one to illness during his first three years.	Rare height for the position. Solid job of restricting catch window on routes outside the numbers. Shoves receivers toward boundary and drifts into their running lane to decrease catch opportunity. Length creates challenge for receivers used to winning at the high point. Instinctive with good feel for finding football. Allowed just one touchdown over last 101 targets. Six career interceptions with hands to make the circus pick. Patient from press coverage. Quick to turn and locate once his back is to the quarterback. Saw increase in pass breakups in senior season. Willing to get physical with blocking receivers when it comes time to disengage and make a tackle. Has played all four spots in secondary and slot corner as well.
								Timed speed and play speed are both concerns. Sluggish feet in press allow quick-releasers to shoot past him. Unable to find necessary acceleration for functional makeup speed. Hands are flimsy in his jams. Could use more upper body strength. High center of gravity makes sudden change of direction a challenge. NFL ball production could be a concern. Takes path to his man over paths to the ball. Lacks desired twitch for NFL transitioning to the throws. Takes too long from bail technique and backpedal to plant and burst on the ball. Ankle biter willing to engage in too many arm tackles and blind shoulder rolls.
							
2017	Christian McCaffrey	2557997	RB	Stanford	If it's possible to have a quiet 1,639 rushing yards, McCaffrey did it this season. Despite being hampered by an injury midway through the year, he still put up numbers worthy of first-team all-conference and Associated Press second-team All-American honors. McCaffrey decided not to play in his team's bowl game due to injury concerns. His sophomore season was his best, however. The son of former NFL receiver "Easy Ed" McCaffrey was a consensus All-American, Heisman Trophy finalist, Associated Press and Pac-12 Player of the Year in 2015. He set a NCAA record with 3,864 all-purpose yards, ranking second in the FBS with 2,019 rushing yards, along with 645 receiving and 1,070 on kickoff returns. McCaffrey was the only FBS player to lead his team in rushing and receiving yards, and won the Paul Hornung Award as the nation's most versatile player. That performance was really not a surprise given the talent he flashed in his freshman year (551 offensive yards on 59 touches) and in high school (two-time Colorado Gatorade High School Player of the Year, state records in scoring, touchdowns, all-purpose yardage).	Smooth, controlled stride length with choppy feet for instant cuts and change of direction. Plus vision with above average anticipatory feel for opening creases. Hugs contours of the running lane and staggers and stutters his feet to maneuver in tight quarters. Protect football while running through traffic. Reads keys quickly on stretch plays. Sinks hips into sharp cuts. Equally adept darting inside or outside and is able to string moves together. Won't dance on short runs -- gets it downhill. Feet constantly in motion. Able to make defenders miss on all three levels. Willing to keep runs playside and alters his track seamlessly. Runs with multiple gears and is able to gear up or down instantly. Has experience in one-back, two-back and offset formations. Excellent hands out of backfield and can be used from slot. Devastating quickness out of breaks can mismatch linebackers. Experienced, capable punt and kick returner. 
								Lacks desired size of an every-down back. Has some tread worn off his tires. Logged 300-plus touches (including returns) in each of the last two seasons and was asked to grind the gears for short yardage carries. Benefitted from physical, downhill offensive line. Takes foot off gas into contact. Doesn't have NFL-caliber power to break tackles and create yardage for himself through power. Can shake tacklers, but lacks a twitchy burst to accelerate away after the cut. On stretch plays, can get too cute continuing to probe towards the perimeter rather than choosing a crease and committing. Average burst may not be enough to race past NFL speed on second level. Inconsistent squaring up blitzers in pass pro and ducks his head into contact. 
							
2017	Isaac Asiata	2557998	OG	Utah	Isaac is the cousin of former Utah and current Minnesota Vikings running back Matt Asiata. After serving a two-year church mission in Tulsa, Oklahoma, he shared the starting role at right tackle in 2013. Asiata (ah-see-ah-ta) has started every game since then, mostly at left guard (with seven games at right guard in 2014). He garnered honorable mention All-Pac-12 notice as a junior and second-team accolades as a senior. Asiata swapped jerseys with injured center J.J. Dielman in October 2016 as a sign of support for his fallen teammate.	Big body for the interior. Adds roster flexibility. Has played both guard spots and can play center if needed. Plays with outstanding aggression on the field. Doesn't just look for extra work, he demands it. Hard worker. Gives maximum effort to take the lead in early portion of a block. Effective lateral skip step puts him in position to make his reach blocks. Rarely gets cheated on initial contact, landing powerful shoulders that jar defenders. Has power to uproot defenders in base blocks. Sets shallow anchor in pass pro against bull rushers. Has reactive quickness to handle blitzes and twists.
								Playing style can be too frenetic. Will allow his aggression to pull him out of proper blocking position at times. Needs to quiet his flailing hands. Excessive hand fighting prevents him from snatching and securing blocks. Leads with upper body onto second-level blocks and loses balance if he doesn't land a strike. Base narrows as drive blocker and can be thrown off his block upper body tosses from defenders. Lacks body control for sustained engagements.
							
2017	Charles Walker	2557999	DT	Oklahoma	Walker didn't gain a lot of fans in Norman with his exit from the Sooners midway through the 2016 season. He played well in the team's first four games (seven tackles, 2.5 tackles for loss), but suffered his third concussion against TCU. After one month trying to recover (and denying he was going to leave), he decided to quit the team to focus on preparing for his professional career for the sake of his daughter. In 2015, Walker didn't start a game but still managed to earn second-team All-Big 12 recognition with 10 tackles for loss and six sacks. That followed a redshirt freshman season where he showed flashes (five tackles, 0.5 sacks against Clemson in the Russell Athletic Bowl) but missed five contests with a knee injury.	Disruptive and productive as a sophomore in 2015. Can be tough to handle when motor is cranked and he's working the gaps. Comes off the snap with good get-off. Able to rip through a blocker's edge with good violence once the door opens up just a little bit. Has upper body power to set a strong edge. Plays with unusual agility and athleticism once he's into the backfield. Able to redirect his weight for sudden change of direction. Plays on his feet. Shows ability and play speed to chase down running backs and quarterbacks headed for the perimeter. Operates with a big closing burst and an extended playmaking radius. Hands show power and potential in both run and pass. Works his hands and feet in unison as interior rusher. 
								Has had concussions in each of last two seasons. His football character called into question by coaching staff after he failed to come back from October 1 concussion and left team with two regular season games remaining to prepare for NFL draft. Effort level and motor fluctuates. Was a relative non-factor in all four of the games he played. High cut and struggles to maintain his ground against double teams. Lacked urgency as a pass rusher that he showed in 2015. Needs to add a rush counter when initial charge is foiled. Will lay on blocks at times. Needs quicker shed with tackle-ready posture. 
							
2017	Deatrich Wise	2558000	DE	Arkansas	Deatrich Wise, Sr. was a ninth-round pick in 1998 by Seattle and also played in the Canadian Football League. Junior wasn't a starter until his senior year, and then he only did so in the opening eight games as he dealt with a hand injury suffered in the opener along with other injuries that limited his snaps later in the year. He did produce in that role, however, ending up with 49 stops, 5.5 for loss, and 3.5 sacks for the season. Wise got on scouts' radars by racking up eight sacks and two forced fumbles as a reserve in 2015. He also played regularly off the bench in 2013 (one start, 17 tackles, three TFL, two sacks) and 2014 (one start, 13 tackles, three TFL, two sacks).	Uncommon arm length (35 inches) with enormous hands. Terrific power in his punch and is able to jolt tackles with it. Uses brute force to set a strong edge. Can rag-doll blockers with stack-and-jerk upper body power. Effective use of arm length to keep blockers out of his frame. Heavy tackler engulfing ball carrier with full weight of his frame. Uses long strides to gain ground up the field as pass rusher. Powers through contact when he's at the edge. Legitimate bull-rush potential when pad level is good. Has frame that will accept more mass. Quick getting hands into passing lane when rush stalls. Deflected six passes over last two seasons. His "try-hard" is never in doubt. Has experience as a five-technique in Arkansas' defensive front.
								Production fell well below expectations. Lost early down reps during senior season. Heavy-stepper with excessive stride length for short-area movement. Lacks lateral quickness and ability needed in twist games as rusher. Painfully slow to restart engine after changing direction. Below average reactive quickness allows running backs to dart past him. Tackling range has limitations. Hands have power but not suddenness. Won't get many quick wins at point of attack in the backfield. Pad level rises as rep rolls on. Upfield rush doesn't threaten the edge. Tackles drop early anchors to counter his power. Needs active feet after contact. Lacks edge rush ability to stay outside on third downs.
							
2017	Charles Harris	2558001	DE	Missouri	Harris came to the game late, not putting on a football jersey until his junior year of high school. It didn't take him long to figure it out, however. His athleticism earned him a scholarship from his in-state university, though he redshirted his first year on campus to work on his game while guys like Shane Ray, Markus Golden, and Michael Sam were chasing quarterbacks. As a reserve, Harris had four tackles for loss and two sacks, starting once while Golden was injured. His breakout season came in 2015, as he garnered second-team All-SEC honors after leading the conference with 18.5 tackles for loss (seven sacks). League coaches voted him second-team all-conference again in 2016 (12 tackles for loss, nine sacks), despite his team's poor 4-8 season. 	Long legs with well defined bubble. Has loose, fluid hips. Explodes out of his stance in search of gap work vs. run game. Lateral quickness makes it a challenge to reach him or cross his face for offensive linemen. Good first step quickness. Plays with energy and keeps it cranked up until the whistle blows. Runs with high knees and athletic, long strides in the open field. Basketball standout in high school who uses nimble feet for an effective spin move. Can unleash spin counter in either direction. Plays on either side of the line and can play with a hand down or standing up. In 2015, led team in sacks, tackles for losses and hurries and was second in tackles. Uses early speed-to-power to create movement before attacking the tackle's inside shoulder. Showed some ability to drop in space when called upon.
								Found himself too easily engulfed by size this season. Gives ground on the edge and can be widened out of his run fit. Hands must get better at point of attack. Needs to punch and own the point. Rides on blocks rather than shucks them. Lacks desired glass-chewing mentality against the run. Plays with slow reaction time to counters and misdirection and can lose track of the ball. Needs earlier shoulder turn as rusher to prevent early pass sets from punching him as squared-up rusher. Slow to activate his counter spin back inside. More violent approach with hands at top of his rush would help grease the edge. Productivity dropped after struggling with new defensive scheme.
							
2017	Ejuan Price	2558002	DE	Pittsburgh	"Juan" Price has a shoe collection that would make former leaders in the Philippines jealous. That collection may go into the thousands of pairs if he has as much success in the NFL as he had rushing the passer for Pitt the past two seasons. Price started his career as an inside linebacker, starting five games there as a true freshman in 2011 (27 tackles, 6.5 for loss, four sacks). But then the injuries came. He redshirted 2012 with a pectoral injury, missed half of the 2013 season (23 tackles, four TFL in six games) with a back injury, and sat out another full season with a chest muscle malady in 2014. Finally healthy in his fifth year with the Panthers, Price had 48 tackles, 19.5 for loss, and led the ACC in sacks per game (0.88, 11.5 totals) gaining a first-team all-conference nod. Five of those sacks came in one game against Louisville. Price had 13 sacks again in another first-team All-ACC season this fall, and was also named second-team Walter Camp All-American by ranking second in the FBS with 23 tackles for loss (45 total stops).	Quick-twitch athlete with elite playmaking production over last two seasons. Stutter steps and head fakes in rush approach causes uncertainty for tackles. Able to juke inside and bounce back out to create an edge opening as rusher. Built low to ground and plays strong through redirect blocks to trim the edge. Flashes explosive spin counter that can create wins. Absolute bulldog when he smells a sack opportunity. Stout and strong. Big burst to close out quarterbacks. Disruptive in gaps against the run. Sudden stunts inside are often too quick for tackles to counter. Willing to take chances to make plays in backfield.
								Missed more than two seasons with injuries. Burst-based athlete missing long speed. Slow to transition when forced to make sharp directional changes. Unable to run down running backs headed for corner. Needs to finish plays. Can be quick to shut motor down if he doesn't think a tackle is within range. Appeared gassed at times. Struggles to counter long-limbed tackles with a quick punch. Face-up rusher missing upper body flexibility and hip flip. Needs soft edge to turn the corner.
							
2017	Carlos Henderson	2558003	WR	Louisiana Tech	Most college receivers leave behind their special teams responsibilities once they become a star on offense. Henderson, however, was named Conference USA's Offensive (82-1,535 receiving; 14-133 rushing) and Special Teams (25-805 kickoff returns) Player of the Year in 2016. He ranked fourth in the FBS with 23 total touchdowns (19 receiving, two rush, two kickoff returns), although he missed two games with an ankle injury. It's no surprise Tech won bowl games the last three years with Henderson on board. He scored a touchdown as a kick returner (33-826 overall) his redshirt freshman year and also contributed on offense (29-569, 4 TDs receiving; 13-70, TD rushing). Henderson garnered honorable mention All-Conference USA as a receiver (36-774, 5 TDs) and returner (21-463) in 2015.	Drops hips into breaks for sharp stop-and-open. Maintains play speed through directional route changes. Can elevate catch focus when he knows safety is coming to deliver a blow. Flashes get-away gear used to climb over top of cornerbacks on vertical routes. Sells double moves and leaves defenders trailing. Decent job of shielding throws from traffic when working inside the numbers. Hands catcher and can dip to adjust to low throws. Extremely competitive runner after the catch. Plays bigger than his listed size. Can slip first tackle and power through the second. Downhill kick returner with ability to find lanes for himself when necessary. Posted two kick return touchdowns this season and three for his career.
								Short strider. Competition across from him was below average. Rarely challenged by competitive press. Play speed is inconsistent. Has quality top gear but doesn't always use it in his routes. Needs to do better job of tilting defenders with quality route work on next level. Too reliant upon speed and talent over fundamentals at this point. Ran simple routes and drew quarterback's ire when he made wrong reads on choices. Tight hipped and average at changing direction. Below average ball tracking on deep throws. Occasionally mistimes leaps. Waits on throws rather than working back to them. Focus drop come primarily on slants.
							
2017	Cam Robinson	2558004	OT	Alabama	Robinson, a former top-five national recruit and high school All-American, has been the definition of a stalwart at left tackle for the Crimson Tide. The Freshman All-American and two-time first-team All-SEC pick started every game of his career on the blind side. As expected, Robinson was a consensus All-American in his junior year due to his role in Alabama's running and pass attack on their way to an undefeated season and appearance in the college football national championship game (they fell to Clemson, 35-31). Scouts will be checking into his background after he was arrested with a teammate with marijuana and a stolen handgun in their vehicle. 	Outstanding, proportional frame with combination of thickness and athleticism. Fires into his target with a forceful pop generating early power and push. Can uproot defender and turn him out of hole as a drive blocker. Able to respond to power with power. Can work seamlessly from block to block in combos. Works and climbs to second level with controlled, stalking footwork. Has initial quickness to pull and land on defenders in space. Athletic enough to slide over and catch inside challenges. Usually works feet into position pre-contact in run game. Good length and gets adequate extension in his punch. Kick slide generally balanced and gains necessary ground to the edge. Has feet necessary to mirror edge speed and flatten them over rush arc. Glass-eater who fights hard to the whistle. 
								Balance issues a concern. Struggles with active, high-motor defenders. At times he ducks head into his run blocks, losing sight of a moving target. Narrow in-line power base due to lack of bend and excessive leaning. Weight creeps too far past his feet in both run and pass blocks. Inconsistent sustaining his block. On the ground substantially more than a tackle should be. Has to learn to run his feet under him at contact. Can improve as move blocker with better angles. Feet go dead when punching from shallow pass set. Gets caught punching from balls of his feet and without much bend allowing speed-to-power rushers to heat him up. Questionable instincts. On twists, dives down with defensive ends and will miss loopers around edge. 
							
2017	Jayon Brown	2558005	LB	UCLA	Sometimes an injury to one player opens a door for another. Brown didn't want highly-touted teammate Myles Jack to go out of the lineup, but he did take advantage of the opportunity. He started nine games in 2015 after Jack's injury, leading the team with 93 tackles (two for loss) and breaking up six passes. Brown led the Bruins in stops again as a senior with 105 (seven for loss), garnering first-team All-Pac-12 recognition by also intercepting three passes and breaking up six others. The third of his siblings to play college football (Jason was a linebacker at Idaho, Juwuan a DL at Southern Oregon), Brown had to be patient for his chance to play on defense. He made an impact on special teams, though, winning the team's Rookie of the Year award and honorable mention All-Pac-12 notice with eight tackles. He had six more tackles on special teams as a sophomore in 2014.	Operates with a patient scrape to wide-flowing plays. Can ramp up play speed. Able to range from sideline to sideline but will come downhill to meet running backs in their own living room, too. Finds his way to the ball and is a consistent finisher despite his lack of size. Active and instinctive in coverage. Anticipates throwing lanes and rushes to jump in. Finished with 15 passes defensed over last three seasons, including three interceptions. Four years of special teams experience.
								Very small. Built more like a strong safety. Play strength is below acceptable norm. Gets bounced off his mark badly when taking on blocks. Unable to leverage his gap and will have to be a run-around linebacker to make plays. Is active as a tackler, but has to go along for a ride to get big backs down. Scouts say instincts against the run need improvement. Never forced a fumble in college.
							
2017	Christian Brown	2558006	DT	West Virginia	NA	Good interior athlete. Flashes some twitch in his movements. Comes off the snap with a lively step and has quickness to beat blockers across their face. Good upper body power to press blockers off of chest and create arm extension. Able to shed blockers with some quickness when needed. Has pop in his initial punch to rattle opponent's pads. Has experience at nose, three-technique and five-technique. Finds running backs quickly and tries to mirror their gap choice. Batted down four passes, recovered two fumbles and blocked a kick in final season at WVU.
								Pad level creates unnecessary problems for him. Inconsistent anchor. Allows blockers underneath his pads and can be driven off his spot. Base and balance could use improvement. Initial punch will miss the mark and land up high on opponent's pads. Has been relative non-factor as pass rusher. Plays the blocker rather than working past him. Rushes with excessive movement without really gaining ground. Needs to play with better composure; had four penalties for unsportsmanlike conduct and late hits.
							
2017	Caleb Brantley	2558007	DT	Florida	Coaches like confidence, so they won't be concerned that Brantley said before his junior season that he was "the best defensive tackle in the country" and that he didn't "think it was close." SEC coaches named him second-team All-SEC in 2016 as he tied for Gators' lead in tackles for loss (8.5, 2.5 sacks) as a 10-game starter. The former first-team All-Florida high schooler started 10 games in 2015, as well (6.5 TFL, three sacks). As a freshman, Brantley played consistently enough (12 games, 21 tackles, four for loss) to earn the start in the team's bowl game.	Compact frame with lean muscle mass and thickness in his arms and legs. Has tremendous play strength and can dislodge guards with hip torque. Plays hungry and with passion. Able to plant his flag and stand his ground against double teams. When he gets the snap timed up, it's over. Has the initial quickness and play strength to get into the gap and plow through any and all redirect block attempts. Wants blocker to feel the power in his initial punch. Works off blocks and towards the play. Better pass rusher talent than sack total would indicate. Quick punch and pry opens blockers' edge allowing him to wedge into the pocket. Efficient mover with no wasted motion. Considers one-on-one blocks a sign of disrespect.
								Straight-liner and slightly undersized. May need to add more mass on his frame. Doesn't possess the lateral agility or quickness to excel as a rusher in twists up front. Not a dynamic pass rusher. Needs to add a counter move for when his power rush stalls out. Has to prove he can handle extended snap count. Part of deep defensive line rotation and was usually kept fresh. Misses out on sacks and tackles for losses due to lack of length to consistently finish when he gets near the play. Guesses snap count. Drawn offsides 10 times over the last two seasons.
							
2017	Mitchell Trubisky	2558008	QB	North Carolina	Despite being ranked as the top dual-threat quarterback in the country by one recruiting service, Trubisky had to bide his time before getting on the field for the Tar Heels. Marquise Williams took the helm for four years in Chapel Hill, relegating the Mr. Ohio Football to a reserve role (82 of 125 for 1,014 yards, 11 touchdowns, five interceptions in 2014-2015). Trubisky had a breakout 2016 season, but only received third-team All-ACC honors because of the presence of the top two Heisman Trophy vote-getters (Louisville's Lamar Jackson and Clemson's Deshaun Watson). He ranked fifth in the country with a 68.0 completion percentage, threw 30 touchdowns against just six picks, and averaged 288 passing yards per contest. The dual-threat part of his game also came out in 2016, as he ran for 308 yards (net of lost sack yardage) and five scores.	Adequate height with good muscular definition. Built to withstand physical challenges of the position. Calm field general. Very good pocket mobility. Can slide around circumference of the pocket without having to drop his eyes from their task. When he leaves the pocket, looks to challenge with his arm before defaulting to his feet. Always in ready-to-rip throwing posture. Delivery is crisp and efficient. Locates safeties and reads their intentions immediately after the snap. Quick through his progressions and will double back to targets if his protection allows him time. Pocket mechanics and throwing motion are solid. Tough and competitive. Shows courage and poise in the pocket. Throws passes from balanced platforms and rarely defaults to an off-balance throw unnecessarily. Has all the arm you need. NFL call sheets will be wide open with Trubisky at the helm. Can dial up deep field-side outs with accuracy. Ball comes humming out of his hand when he needs to spike his velocity. Arm talent to whip a catchable throw from difficult angles to targets outside the numbers. Makes the standard "pitch and catch" throws with consistent accuracy. Ball usually comes out on time. His 62.1 completion percentage on intermediate throws easily outpaces the top quarterbacks in this draft. Possesses get-away quickness to avoid sudden pressure from a-gap blitzers with the speed to damage the defensive cause once he leaves the pocket.
								Almost 98 percent of his dropbacks came from shotgun. Will have to learn NFL footwork from under center which could take time. Benefits from offense loaded with RPOs (run-pass option) that pull linebackers forward and open easier throwing windows. Played in space-based passing attack that didn't often ask him to throw to tight windows in traffic. Arm slot will drop way down causing batted balls at line of scrimmage. Too willing to float balls rather than air-mailing them out of bounds when he's making a bail-out throw against pressure. Needs better drive accuracy between the hashes. Has a tendency to leave throws in hip pocket of moving targets. Inconsistent deep ball touch. Has touchdown opportunities he babies and invites defenders time to recover. Not always pocket aware. Hyper-focuses on shifting parts down the field and can be late to feel pressure collapsing the edges.
							
2017	Budda Baker	2558009	S	Washington	Baker's given name is Bishard, but has gone by Budda since birth because his mother thought he looked like a Buddha doll. Nothing Zen about his game, though, as he's been a starter for the Huskies since he stepped on campus. The former Washington state high school 100-meter champion (and three-time state football champ) was honorable mention All-Pac 12 as a freshman (80 tackles, INT, six pass break-ups). Baker garnered first-team all-conference honors in 2015 (49 tackles, seven PBU) and 2016 (team-leading 71 tackles, 10 for loss, two INT, six PBU).	Tremendously explosive and passionate in his play. Former high school track sprinter with good play speed. Screams off the edge as a blitzer. Always bouncing on balls of his feet just waiting to race to the action on a dead sprint. Plays with smooth backpedal and diagonal shuffle. Has a shiftiness that allows him to mirror change of direction in space. Plus instincts from any coverage areas. Allows quarterback's eyes and pattern recognition to carry him around the field. Not easily pulled from coverage responsibilities by bait routes around him. Has the click and close ability of a cornerback in coverage. Ball skills are solid. Plays with exceptional aggression. Accelerates through receivers to jar the pass loose. Tackle finisher who races to the throw to end plays at the catch point. Scouts use terms like "winner" and "top notch person" to describe him.
								Undersized safety in a smaller frame. Could struggle to carry 200 pounds as a pro. Gets big-boyed by tight ends from the slot. Lack of size may limit how NFL teams can use him. Aggressive shoulder rolls into running backs could cause future health issues. Force as a tackler just average against big running backs. Forced into grab and drag scenarios to get running backs down at times. Small hesitation to accelerate when forced to open and sprint down the field. Can be too overzealous when stepping downhill to tackle. May need to play with a little more discipline and control as an NFL tackler.
							
2017	John Ross	2558010	WR	Washington	Ross was just getting started on his way to stardom in Washington when he tore his left ACL in the spring of 2015. He had become known as a kick returner (three TDs in 2013-14) and big-play receiver in limited touches (16-208, TD in 2013; 17-371, 4 TD in 2014) before having to redshirt his third year at UW. In fact, coaches liked Ross' athleticism so much he started three games at cornerback (INT, two pass breakups) in a season he gained honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors. In his return to the field in 2016, Ross became a star, garnering second-team All-American honors and first-team All-Pac-12 accolades with 81 catches for 1,150 yards and 17 touchdowns (tied for second in the nation).	Has home-run gear to yank the top off of defenses. Vertical speed demands respect and creates open throws underneath. Corners open hips early to turn and sprint, leaving his curl and dig routes unchallenged. Feet are fire. On verticals from the slot, sells the corner route and stems to the post with a burst for easy separation and a comfortable throwing window for the quarterback. Hands are generally solid. Plus hand-eye coordination. Natural ball-tracker who locates the deep ball early and watches it. Dangerous show-and-go open-field ability after the catch. Able to win with slants or fades near the goal line. Eludes the first tackler and can turn a short one into a long one in a heartbeat. Has enough size to work from outside or from the slot. Saw four of his eight carries go for 15-plus yards. Has returned at least one kickoff for a touchdown in each of his three years at Washington.
								Undersized with below-average play strength. Struggled to get into his routes cleanly and impact the game against the physical cornerbacks at Alabama. Weight will creep too far out over his toes at times. Tape shows occasional stumbles over nothing but turf in his routes and after the catch. Needs to do better job of working back to the throw. Has to learn to make contested catches. Will need to sharpen his short and intermediate routes to become a true three-level target. Has had a major injury to both knees. The long-term health of both knees will be a concern that has to be answered at the combine.
							
2017	Bucky Hodges	2558011	TE	Virginia Tech	Temuchin "Bucky" Hodges is not your typical tight end. At 6-7, 245 pounds, he looks like a big wide receiver. A converted quarterback, Hodges started 10 games and earned USA Today Freshman All-American honors in 2014 (45-526, seven TDs). He was named a second-team All-ACC pick in 2015 (40-530, six TDs) and a third-team selection (48-691, seven TDs) in 2016. 	Outstanding combination of size and athleticism for the position. Smooth glider around the field. Runs fast and plays fast. Long target with extended catch radius. Can get up and over the top of most defenders at the high point. Willing to work over the middle and has the frame for it. Spent time at all receiver spots and could be an option from the slot as well as outside as a pro. Seam-beater who can get over top of linebackers and work all three levels of the field. Saw 28 percent of his catches go for 20-plus yards in 2016. Can access a second gear out of route stems. Once he stacks defender on his hip, he wins. Excellent ball tracker with second gear and hand usage for late separation down the field. Former quarterback with valuable knowledge of coverages. Will demand additional attention if covered by a cornerback near goal line. Shows strength to overwhelm defensive backs as a blocker.
								Has played the position just three seasons and still has much to learn. Long strider who can be put into neutral by a physical jam from press. Too nonchalant along his routes. Needs to hit route landmarks more quickly to give quarterback a timely, presentable target. Defaults into running through defender rather than effectively adjusting routes. Throws beat him up at times this season. Struggled to finish challenging catches. Lower percentage of clean catches trapping throws against his body and double catching it. Athletic but takes awhile to access acceleration after catch and may not be the "YAC" people expect. May lack power and toughness to be a reliable in-line option as a blocker.
							
2017	Davon Godchaux	2558012	DT	LSU	Godchaux had a rough life growing up in Louisiana, even having his home riddled by bullets in a drive-by meant for one of his brothers. Despite missing all but the opener of his senior year in high school, LSU stuck by him -- and it's paid off. He started 10 times as a true freshman (including the final nine) on a line full of NFL talent, making 42 stops. The next year, Godchaux started every game, making nine plays behind the line including six sacks (two against Texas Tech in the Texas Bowl). SEC coaches left him off their all-conference teams in 2016, but the junior tackle played very well (7.5 tackles for loss, 5.5 sacks). The lack of accolades had more to do with the number of sack artists in the conference, rather than a tale of his talent.	Gets out of his stance and into the blocker with good hip explosion. Plays with proper pad level at point of attack to create desired leverage. Hands-first striker who gets early arm extension. Utilizes hands and leverage for quality read-react positioning in the trenches. Hard to turn out of hole by single blockers. Well-coached. Has feel for double teams and looks to take them on quickly and with proper technique. Shows some early gap quickness when allowed to play upfield. Creates his best pass-rush opening with arm-over move. Decent pursuit quickness and makes attempts to chase down screen passes from backside.
								Short-limbed pass rusher with squatty build of a bulldog. Undersized for interior work. Has issues fighting off double teams. Has difficult time reaching through the edge and pulling himself over the top. Might need more snaps off as motor seems to lose gas. Guards with a strong anchor put his pass rush in neutral. Often last defensive lineman out of his stance. Not very instinctive. Guards able to reach and hook his outside shoulder to seal him on play-side. Needs quicker disengage to tackle. Sack numbers came against lesser competition.
							
2017	Artavis Scott	2558013	WR	Clemson	Even though Scott is only a true junior, he managed to earn his communication studies degree in just two and a half years. That's as impressive a feat as his gaining all-conference accolades in all three of his seasons with the Tigers. Scott was a USA Today Freshman All-American and third-team All-ACC pick in 2014 with 76 catches for 965 yards and eight touchdowns. He came back to make 93 catches the next season, covering 901 yards and six touchdowns, in addition to 371 kick return yards on his way to first-team All-ACC honors. The Florida all-star aided Deshaun Watson for the Tigers' second run at a national title in 2016, garnering second-team all-conference notice with 71 catches for 592 yards (just a 8.3-yard average, his third straight year with a decrease in that category) and five scores (not including college football playoff games).	Able to wall off defenders to protect the throw and make contested catches. Will cut slant short and sink into space if he sees linebacker ready to blow up the catch. Can return both punts and kicks. Adequate concentration when ball is in the air. Hands catcher who will pluck it away from his body. Extends to snare the high throw. Shows subtle shake after catch to make first responders miss. Drops pad into contact and falls forward for additional yardage at the finish. Had momentum shifting kickoff return against Louisville. Sure-handed as punt returner. 
								Catch-and-go target who tends to get what scheme offers him. Not particularly quick or fast. Missing kick out of his breaks for route separation. Routes lacking in vertical push and purpose. Needs to play at his top speed more often. At times, will drift in his routes relying on scheme and route combinations to open him up. Lacks length and long speed for vertical separation. This season, managed one catch out of eight targets beyond 21 yards. Missing sudden component teams desire from slot.
							
2017	Garett Bolles	2558014	OT	Utah	Every year there's at least one player who has overcome self-destructive behavior to take advantage of his athletic gifts. Bolles fits that bill because of his troubled teenage years. With the help of those around him, he embraced religion and hard work, enrolling at Snow College near his Utah home to turn his life around. He was a two-time all-conference pick at Snow, earning national junior college All-American honors as a sophomore. The top junior college prospect in the country chose to stay near home again to attend Utah. Bolles played well enough at left tackle to garner first-team All-Pac 12 recognition.	Elite athletic ability with the sweetest feet at the tackle position in this draft. Movement skills are smooth and unencumbered. There isn't an angle block he can't get to. Smooth climbs to linebackers as a work-up blocker, and has rare ability to accelerate from that block up to a third target. Has lateral quickness in run game to cross-face from backside and seal on the play-side. Can take quick settle steps, sinks and scoops defensive ends on base blocks. Quick feet allow for more patience to scan for stunts. Can meet edge speed with quick sets in pass pro. Plays with a mean streak and loves to finish. Outstanding change of direction to mirror without a hitch in his transition. Keeps weight on inside foot in his slides. Moves feet into position against inside counters. Balanced in his pass sets and keeps blocks centered. Should get bigger and stronger with more weight work after unorthodox path to the draft.
								Frame is a little narrow and legs appear to be shorter than normal. Devoid of drive power in his lowers. Pad level rises and he struggles to generate much movement against stout outside linebackers at point of attack. Needs better knee bend into second-level contact. Inconsistent in sustaining his blocks. Power can toss him off balance. May be limited by scheme fit. Needs to keep hands inside to bolster strength in his base. Lacks trust in his core power against speed-to-power. Leans into blocks with feet behind him to brace up. Will need sharper punch and more sink in his sets. Gives initial ground against power and doesn't always anchor quickly. Will be 25 years old by opening of fall camp.
							
2017	Anthony Walker Jr.	2558015	LB	Northwestern	Middle linebackers usually aren't made part of a hype machine, but Northwestern got the word out on their defensive leader by promoting him as "The Franchise." The first-team All-Florida pick from Miami Central chose to go north to play ball, He redshirted in 2013, then started seven games in the middle of the following year (51 tackles, team-leading nine for loss, two INT-one for a score). Walker was a first-team All-Big Ten and third-team AP All-American in 2015, leading the team with 122 tackles (16.5 for loss). He wasn't as productive in his second-team All-Big Ten junior season (105 tackles, 10 for loss), but he decided to leave for the NFL regardless.	Carries NFL thickness throughout his frame. Adequate straight-line pursuit speed. Flashes burst gear to close out runners looking to get the corner. Smart player with excellent work ethic. Considered a great teammate and leader. Instinctive downhill runner, and productive. Always looking to play tackles near the line of scrimmage. Works around second-level blocks with limp inside shoulder and upper body turn, causing blockers to miss the target and fall forward. Able to adjust path to the ball in space. Instinctive with good peripheral vision. Outstanding field awareness. Urgent helper on wide receiver screens and hitches. Plays with balanced eyes in coverage, darting between his coverage area and the quarterback's eyes. Crowds target in his area, but willing to come off and hustle to a passing lane if he reads pass. Has 16 passes defensed over his three years.
								Has some stiffness in his movement. Has been too muscle-bound and tight at times during career. Got too big, too fast. Missed tackle total on the high side. Comes downhill with some rigidity in his feet that prevent quick, lateral shifts. Sluggish to redirect his weight to mirror shifty runners in the hole or in open field. Should continue to work on functional flexibility. Will need to meet lead blocks with better knee bend and more force. Take-on skills need work. Feet are ahead of his hands when taking on climbing linemen. Allows blockers into his frame rather than punching and maintaining distance. Struggles to play off blocks. Can be obliterated and erased from his gap by angle blocks.
							
2017	Brad Kaaya	2558016	QB	Miami	Even though Kaaya was an all-state quarterback out of Los Angeles (his mother, Angela, is an actress), it was a bit of a surprise when he beat out transfer Jake Heaps for the starting job as a true freshman. He went through growing pains in that 6-7 season with the 'Canes (58.5 completion pct, 3,198 yards, 26 TD, 12 INT). Kaaya improved his game in 2015, earning third-team All-ACC recognition after leading the conference with 274.5 passing yards per game (61.2 completion pct, 16 TD, five INT). He continued that career arc this fall (62.0 completion pct, 3,532 yards, 27 TD, seven INT), even though he was left off All-ACC teams in a conference full of talented quarterbacks.	Three-year starter and pro-style pocket passer. Experienced and comfortable under center and in play-action offense. Has shown an ability to read the entire field when asked. Gets through progressions fairly quickly. Expedites release and throws to an area in front of the route when blitz is closing in. Always looking to throw past sticks on third down. Understands his arm limitations and rarely takes unnecessary chances throwing into space. Rhythm passer comfortable working in timing-based passing attack. Schooled on mechanics of the position since he was eight years old. Uses well-timed climbs and slides to maneuver away from pressure. Footwork is consistent and well-rehearsed. Ball stays tucked under his ear until he cuts it loose with relatively quick wrist flick. Throws on balance with easy delivery. Delivers feathery soft deep ball with good trajectory and ability to drop the nose of the ball into a bucket. Gets ball out early on field-side throws to mitigate lack of velocity.
								Accuracy and ball placement can be sketchy. Will rush throws and "work early" rather than throw with velocity into tight windows. Front side opens early, causing passes to sail. Consistently poor accuracy on intermediate work. Completed just 38 percent of his passes between 11-20 yards in 2016. Underthrows deep balls and fails to consistently hit crossers and slants in stride. Arm strength lags behind NFL norm. Throws hang in air or nose-dive prematurely when throwing field side. Rigid, mechanical approach as passer. Lacks arm talent and improvisational skills to create magic with off-balance throws on the move. Fails to see and exploit anticipatory throws between linebackers and safeties. Lacks mobility outside the pocket and will give into the pressure -- at times taking the sack rather than getting rid of the ball.
							
2017	Vincent Taylor	2558017	DT	Oklahoma St.	Hurricane Katrina forced Taylor out of their New Orleans home, allowing them to land in San Antonio. He struggled with the transition until he found football; now he's on his way to a prolific NFL career. The first-team all-state pick left the state for Stillwater, where he played in 10 games as a redshirt freshman in 2014 (13 tackles, one for loss). Taylor was an honorable mention All-Big pick as a starter the following year (48 tackles, 8.5 for loss and five sacks), but really came on in his junior year. The 2016 first-team all-conference selection led the Cowboys with 13 tackles for loss and seven sacks, and tied for the FBS lead with four blocked kicks.	Fires out of his stance with some gas. Can win the early battle for neutral zone. Able to create push at point of attack and make plays on other side of line. Plus upper body strength. Bench-press numbers are impressive. Can toss blockers aside and win the gap late in the rep. Has long arms and active hands in passing lane. Motor is adequate and he'll give an honest chase to the ball. Not a stagnant rusher. Looks to find blocker's edge and has posted solid sack production
								Top heavy with stiff ankles and an overall lack of functional flexibility in his play. Short-area quickness is somewhat limited. High center of gravity and narrow base allows blockers to wash him down in space and turn him out of his run fit with base blocks. Upright as a pass rusher and can be redirected too easily. Unable to gain ground with lateral movement, stunting his effectiveness in twist game as pass rusher.
							
2017	Solomon Thomas	2558018	DE	Stanford	Thomas spent five years in Australia in his youth, but his return to the States allowed him to develop first into one of the top high school players in the country (top 25 recruit nationally) and then one of college's top defensive linemen. After a redshirt season, Thomas was named honorable mention All-Pac-12 in 2015 (39 tackles, 10.5 for loss, 3.5 sacks). He had four tackles, two for loss, and a sack in the Cardinal's win over Iowa in the Rose Bowl. The redshirt sophomore kicked his game up a notch in 2016, receiving multiple All-American honors and winning the Morris Trophy as the Pac-12 Defensive Player of the Year. Thomas led the team with 62 tackles, 15 for loss, while sacking the quarterback eight times. Thomas' bowl performance against North Carolina opened a lot of eyes, as he was all over the field in the Cardinal's win in a way that isn't even reflected in an impressive stat line (seven tackles, two for loss, sack)	Angular build, well-built frame. His mother, father and uncle were all collegiate athletes. Lined up at multiple positions. Has ravenous approach to the game. Gets out of the blocks quickly and attacks with early, skilled hands. Stays hungry and wants to feast. Powerful for his size. Shows ability to win with power or quickness. Outstanding athleticism. Fluid in his play. Transitions from move to move. Unpredictable pass rush. Attacks both the edges and can crank up a bull rush. Uses swipes, rips and arm-over to unlock his rush. Hands and feet work in unison. Has lightning-quick spin move he can access to unhinge from block and find new life in his rush. Violent disengagements from blocks leave no doubt blocker is whipped. Relentless approach combined with athleticism makes block recoveries extremely difficult in run or pass. Refuses extended engagements to blockers and works himself free. Will sniff out gaps and make himself skinny into the backfield. Very good pursuit speed and range as playmaker.
								Considered a "tweener" by scouts, who believe he could struggle to keep enough weight on his frame to play along interior. Length is below average as five-technique. Plays with inconsistent pad level. Needs to get bigger and stronger through his lower body. Tends to play taller as play rolls along and can get washed out of plays by strong down blocks. Hands are quick but need more consistent pop behind them. Overall play strength can be improved. "Big and strong" across from him causes some issues. Gets engulfed at times. Snap-count guesser with seven offsides penalties in 2016.
							
2017	Alvin Kamara	2558019	RB	Tennessee	One of the top high school running backs in the country as a high school senior, Kamara went to Alabama to be the next big thing. A preseason knee injury forced him to redshirt, however. He was also suspended for the Sugar Bowl and not on the sideline for the team's game against LSU for "behavioral reasons." Kamara left Alabama in January, but found trouble again a month later in his hometown (Norcross, GA) with a traffic arrest. He suited up for Hutchinson Community College in 2014, winning conference offensive player of the year (1,211 yards, 21 TD). Given a second chance in the SEC by Tennessee, Kamara averaged 6.5 yards per carry as a reserve in 2015 (107-698, 7 TD; 34-291, TD receiving). He was impressive again as a junior, running for 596 yards and nine scores on only 103 carries (40-392, 4 TD receiving), though he missed time with a sprained left knee (LCL, meniscus).	Spirited runner with NFL size and speed. Will open creases by varying pace of his runs. Burst to top speed is available at flip of a switch. Creates yardage with speed, wiggle and power. Twitchy and decisive. Strong lower body provides superior balance. Flexible and agile with ability to twist, spin and ricochet off of bodies and continue to gain yards after contact. Very productive; 23 touchdowns in just 284 touches at Tennessee. Well-liked inside program and a team leader. Can play on all three downs. Improved in pass protection and squares up blitzers. Has lined up at slot receiver at times. Sure-handed pass catcher with excellent burst out of breaks to consistently uncover. Has talent as punt returner.
								Vision can be hit or miss. Not an instinctive runner. Needs to see running lane develop and is missing a feel for reading progressions of his blocks. Makes inconsistent decisions on stretch plays. Can be his own worst enemy on third level. Will run himself into a tackler rather than setting him up for a downfield blocker. Consistently cuts left when given an open-field choice against tackler. With knee injuries in his background, combine medicals could come into play. Needs to tuck ball high and tight to prevent fumbles.
							
2017	Matthew Godin	2558020	DT	Michigan	Godin (pronounced GO-din) was one of a few seniors that took leadership roles in their senior seasons. He struggled to see the field in his redshirt freshman (seven games played, no statistics) and sophomore (nine tackles, sack) years. Despite starting only four games (17 tackles, one TFL), however, he was an honorable mention All-Big Ten pick in 2015. That honor came again this fall, as Godin was a full-time starter, making 26 tackles, two for loss and one sack, on the season.	Very good size with decent length. Despite his height, comes out low from his stance and into contact. Has some pop in his hands at the point of attack. Has enough strength to battle back against single blocks. Gets shoulder turned and can drive into a gap to muddy the rush lane. Can set a decent edge if he gets his hands in first.
								Run-only player offering nothing in pass rush. Lacks feet and bend to improve his positioning much after contact. Rarely plays on the other side of the line. Able to play his area only and has very limited tackle radius. High center of gravity makes it difficult for him to withstand double teams. Below average college production.
							
2017	Kermit Whitfield	2558021	WR	Florida St.	Speed is not an issue for Whitfield. He was a Florida state champion in the 100 and 200 meters as a senior, and won the Adidas Dream 100 race against the nation's top high school sprinters. Whitfield translated that speed to become one of the top kick returners in the country; he accumulated 2,386 yards in that capacity, including two touchdowns his freshman season (one in the BCS Championship Game), when he led the FBS and broke the ACC record for yards per return (36.4). His contributions as a receiver were limited in his first two seasons, however, as he failed to score in that manner (5-89 in 2013, 11-145 in 2014). Whitfield garnered second-team All-ACC notice as a receiver (and third-team as a returner) as a junior, though, catching 57 passes for 798 yards and six scores. His production dropped as a senior (34-395, one TD), as he only started seven games with the emergence of Nyqwan Murray and others.	Gadget player who can be activated with jet sweeps, reverses and wide receiver screens. Kicks it into high gear quickly and is dangerous after the catch. Has speed to split two deep safeties from slot. Surprising body control for small receiver and can win the occasional 50/50 down the field. Is short, but with compact lower body. Was used in intermediate routes. Has kick return experience.
								Routes are poor and runs them with almost no attempt to fool defenders. Relies on low center of gravity over sink and acceleration. Creates traffic for himself. Slants, outs and crossing routes all drift too low bringing cornerbacks and safeties into play at catch point. Body catcher with small hands.
							
2017	Tony Stevens	2558022	WR	Auburn	Stevens came to Auburn from Orlando as a top 100 recruit nationally, but he struggled to make an impact until his senior year. He played in 10 games as a freshman, catching five passes for 68 yards and scoring once. The following season, however, he entered only seven contests and made just one grab for 22 yards. Stevens' playing time increased a bit in 2015, starting twice in 11 appearances and grabbing 14 throws for 177 yards and a touchdown. Without a lot of experience in the receiving corps, he stepped up into a playmaking role, leading the team with 31 receptions for 487 yards and three scores and catching the eyes of scouts with his 6-4 frame and athleticism.	Big target with excellent size. Has intriguing physical traits. Quick stop-and-open on comebacks for necessary separation. Can stride past deep safeties and into the clear on double moves. Long target with an expanded catch radius. Can climb the ladder and snare the would-be overthrow. Has some run after catch ability. Has some vertical potential.
								Routes are run at 3/4 speed and appears to be counting steps. Must learn to play faster. Pops upright into his breaks. Hands are below average. Allows throws into his frame. Despite his size, struggles to finish contested catches. Hears footsteps over the middle. Route work was simple. Linear frame and battles to get off press. Play strength within routes is poor.
							
2017	Eric Saubert	2558023	TE	Drake	The Chicago Tribune named Saubert a top-five player in the Mid-Suburban League, but FBS teams apparently didn't see the potential. Drake's coaches did, however, and they were handsomely repaid for their foresight. Saubert started nine games and was a first-team All-Pioneer Football League pick as a redshirt freshman (47-549, two TDs). He missed three games due to injury in 2014, but still earned honorable mention all-conference notice (seven starts, 32-348, two TDs). Over the past two years, the Bulldogs' top receiver was a first-team all-conference pick and an All-American, winning third-team honors from the Associated Press as a junior (55-580, seven TDs) and second-team accolades in 2016 (56-776, 10 TDs). 	Good combination of size and speed. Gets into routes with good quickness from the slot. Adjusts route to defender and does a good job of setting up his pattern breaks. Good separation acceleration. Man amongst boys in red zone where he dominated lesser competition. Posted 17 touchdowns over last two seasons. Gets maximum extension out of long arms to attacks downfield throws at their highest points. Has ability to make acrobatic catches when he's focused. Used in wide receiver screens. Athletic runner after the catch. Lines up all over the field. Flashes ability to become a blocker in future.
								Routes could use better knee bend to fight off redirections by linebackers. Short routes need attention to detail. Slow getting hands catch-ready on short, possession throws. Tape is littered with drops for days. Open catches became drops and contested catches became drops. Hand-eye coordination simply isn't where it needs to be. Doesn't always play to his size. Allows smaller defenders to crowd him in space. Inconsistent finishing routes. Run blocking isn't important enough to him. Gives half-efforts on secure blocks and doesn't look for work when uncovered.
							
2017	Justin Davis	2558024	RB	USC	It was supposed to be Davis' big year in 2016, and it started out that way until a high ankle sprain in the midst of what would have been his third straight 100-yard game caused him to miss three games. His statistics turned out to be ordinary because of the injury (564 rushing yards, two TD) and the rising star of Ronald Jones II. Davis graduated from high school a semester early so he could contribute as a true freshman (361 rushing yards, 6 TD) before an ankle injury ended his season. He contributed as a reserve in 2014 (595 yards, four TD rushing; 13-92, 2 TD receiving) and then became an honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick as a junior by starting the final eight games (902 yards, seven TD rushing; 18-189 receiving).	Former high school sprinter and long-jumper with desired speed and athleticism at the position. Will hide behind blockers while he probes for points of entry along the line of scrimmage. Benefits from nimble feet. Quick to gather and cut downhill as zone runner and has the agility to stop on a dime and shake traffic in the backfield to keep runs moving. Good open field vision and elusiveness. Consistent and reliable.
								Needs more weight to be an early-down running back. Allows back-side tacklers to run him down. Will need to play with more consistent suddenness on the next level. Lacks authority as a runner. Gives into tackle rather than imposing his will and making a statement. Missing tackle-breaking power in hips. Ball security issues with three fumbles in 109 carries this year. Below average third down option as blocker and pass catcher.
							
2017	DeAngelo Yancey	2558025	WR	Purdue	Purdue has won a total of nine games in the four years Yancey has been on campus, so he's flown a bit under the radar. The Atlanta native has been a strong part of any success the team has had since 2013, however. As a true freshman, he started five games, catching 32 passes for 546 yards and two touchdowns. He was a part-time starter again in 2014 (seven starts, 12-147, three TDs) before hitting his stride as a junior. Yancey led the Boilermakers with 700 yards on 48 receptions, scoring five times in the process. For the second year in the row, he paced the squad with 951 yards on 49 catches and 10 touchdowns, earning third-team All-Big Ten accolades in the process.	Good size with sturdy frame. Averaged 19.4 yards per touch his senior season. Has build up speed and can climb over top if his runway is long enough. Active hands on vertical routes to create late separation. Can extend frame to pluck the high throw. Can track throws over his shoulder and watch them all the way in. Works away from cornerbacks on comebacks and hitch throws to create a cleaner window for quarterback. Will get in the way and run interference as a blocker.
								Short stepper missing quick feet to shake press coverage off the snap. Upright and slow into his routes. Stiff into his breaks with prolonged gear down. Lacks burst out of breaks and double moves aren't quick enough to create the easy throwing window. Quality man coverage can smother him. Failed to catch at least 50 percent of targeted throws in any season at Purdue. Vertical sell to setup short and intermediate is unconvincing. Drops have been an issue throughout his career.
							
2017	Sam Tevi	2558026	OT	Utah	Tevi (pronounced Tevv-ee) suited up as a defensive lineman as a true freshman for the Utes in 2013, playing in 11 games and contributing nine tackles, two for loss, and a sack. Coaches wanted him to move to the offensive line, which Tevi wasn't keen on right away. But he made the switch for the sake of the team, and it's paid off for him personally, as he's now an NFL prospect. He played special teams and occasionally on the line during the 2014 season before earning the starting job on the blind side for all 13 games of his junior campaign. The team needed him to move to the right tackle spot due to injuries on the line, and he flourished there, as well, other than missing two games with a back injury.	Has starting experience at both left and right tackles. Displays good foot quickness in his pass sets and operates from consistent base width. Able to meet speed at the edge in pass protection. Converted defensive tackle and has a little bit of edge in his play. Downblocks have some kick in them. Works well with guards. Big hands with decent strength.
								Helmet blocker who ducks head into contact in both run and pass blocks. Doesn't throws hands quickly enough and they land higher than he's likely aiming. Despite foot quickness, fails to consistently find position on back-side blocks. Plays with stiffness in knees which creates pad level issues. Weight too far outside in his pass sets and can be rocked off-balance by stab moves and bull rushes. Way behind on his work against twists.
							
2017	I'Tavius Mathers	2558029	RB	Middle Tennessee St.	Although Mathers was Mr. Football for Class AAA with 2,614 rushing yards as a senior in Murfreesboro, he did not sign with his hometown school, Middle Tennessee State. Ole Miss won his letter of intent, so he went off to Oxford in 2012. He played in every game as a true freshman (27-208, one rushing touchdown) and actually led the Rebels in rushing despite starting only one game in 2013 (95-563, three TDs rushing; 10-83 receiving). Mathers' touches decreased (67-290, three TDs rushing, 6-49 receiving) the following year, however, leading him to transfer to MTSU. He sat out the 2015 season as a transfer and did not participate in spring 2016 practices to get healthy. The result was a first-team All-Conference USA season where he became just the seventh player in FBS history with 1,500 rushing yards and 500 receiving yards. He set a school record with 1,561 yards (his 232 carries also included 17 touchdowns) and all-purpose yards (66-633, three receiving touchdowns).	Outstanding production in just one season with the Raiders. Finished the season with 28 explosive carries (15-plus yards). Vision is above average. Eyes dart from early traffic up to second level linebackers quickly and he processes what he sees. Functional jump cut gains separation from leg tackle attempts from defensive lineman. Able to accelerate quickly out of a cut. Probes the defensive front and chooses his paths wisely. Plays with greater intensity near the endzone. Has hands to be an option out of backfield and would line up in slot at times.
								Lacks power and physicality to break NFL tackles and create with power. Slowed too often by arm tackles. Stutter-steps into traffic. At times, runs like he expects to get hit rather than searching for yardage. Needs to run with much greater authority. Extended gather and gear down for downhill cuts on stretch play. Shifty, but not consistently sudden as a runner. Play speed is average. Gets spilled into boundary rather than turning the corner. Pass catch numbers bolstered by lateral pitch running plays that count as catches. 
							
2017	Austin Rehkow	2558030	P	Idaho	Rehkow (pronounced ree-CO) is one of a handful of specialists in the country in recent years that have handled both kicking and punting duties for their teams. The only reason Rehkow wasn't a four-time first-team all-conference pick as a punter was because Idaho was an independent in his freshman year (led FBS with 47.8 yards per punt, 24 inside the 20 yard-line, 15 fair catches). He was a Ray Guy Award finalist and third-team Associated Press All-American in 2014 (second in FBS with 47.8  yards per punt, 17 inside the 20) and then had an excellent junior season, as well (45.7 per punt, 14 of 49 inside the 20). As a senior, Rehkow had his worst gross average (41.6) but placed 26 of 56 punts inside the 20 with only three touchbacks. He also excelled as a kicker, making 26 of 29 attempts to earn his second straight second-team All-Sun Belt honor. This was not a big surprise, since he made a 67-yard field goal (one off the national record) in high school. Rehkow kicked extra point for four years (127-130) and made 70 of 92 (76.1 percent) of his career field goal attempts. He was the team's kickoff specialist for four years, as well, putting 96 of 254 attempts for touchbacks.	Handles punting, kickoff and field goal duties at Idaho. Accuracy has continued to improve. Has hit 16 of 20 (80 percent) from 40-plus yards over the last two seasons. Has posted very good hang time numbers as a punter during his career. Saw fair catch percentage spike from 21.6 to 35.1 this year. Has excellent feel for touch punts. Landed impressive total of 49.1 percent inside the 20-yard line and 28.1 percent inside the 10-yard line.
								May not have enough leg to make it as NFL field goal kicker. Has made just one of five field goal attempts of 50-plus yards during his career. Lacks combined leg strength and hang time to handle full-time kickoff duties. Snap-to-punt time can get a little quicker.
							
2017	Avery Moss	2558031	DE	Youngstown St.	Nebraska had high hopes for Moss when he arrived on campus, an All-Arizona pick in both football and basketball (he had 18 points, 21 rebounds, and four blocks in a state title game victory his senior year). His freshman season was derailed by a shoulder injury three games in, however. Moss heavily contributed the following year, starting three contests and making eight tackles for loss and 4.5 sacks, even scoring a touchdown on a 25-yard interception return. An off-field incident where he reportedly exposed himself to a fellow student caused him to be dismissed from campus, missing the 2014 football season. His former coach at Nebraska, Bo Pelini, gave him a second chance at Youngstown State the past two seasons. After taking a part-time role in 2015, (two starts, 4.5 TFL, 2.5 sacks), Moss earned a starting role across from fellow NFL draft prospect Derek Rivers. In 15 games he had 59 tackles, 17.5 for loss, 10.5 sacks, and four forced fumbles on his way to first-team All-Missouri Valley Football Conference accolades.	Long-limbed and does something with it. Can be slippery with ability to slide off a centered block and work towards the edge. Pulls himself around a block. Very good athlete with loose, explosive hips. Twitch to disengage quickly and lay into a ball-carrier. Recruited by colleges as basketball player as well. Can unlock and chase to the perimeter or from the backside with plus acceleration. Combines upper body flexibility, foot quickness and length for fast wins in pass rush. Shoulder dip around edge is his go-to move. Burst to the quarterback will catch your eye.
								Too reliant upon athleticism at point of attack. Needs to learn to set and control the edge with greater force. Underdeveloped instincts against the run. Plus arm length is somewhat negated by basic hand skills as pass rusher. Hands work a little wide and go dormant at the top of the rush. Hasn't learned to clear his frame when blockers land first. Wasn't challenged enough since move from Nebraska. Character must be vetted. Banned from Nebraska's campus in 2014 following 2012 incident where he exposed himself to female student.
							
2017	B.J. Singleton	2558032	NT	Houston	Singleton's senior season did not go as expected. He was recognized as a second-team All-American Athletic Conference defensive tackle as a junior (20 tackles, two for loss, three pass break-ups), but lost his starting job to freshman phenom Ed Oliver. NFL scouts aren't concerned about Singleton's playing behind a once-in-a-generation talent like Oliver, though in 13 games this fall, the Louisiana native had just 13 stops (none for losses) in the middle. Teams can go back to his three first years' film to judge his talent, as Singleton had more production as a redshirt freshman (22 tackles, three TFL, 2.5 sacks, one interception, three PBU, three blocked kicks) and sophomore starter (22 tackles, three TFL, one sack, three PBU). 	Good lower body strength. Able to push back against double teams and maintain some anchor. Generates some pocket push working from zero-technique and can challenge both gaps when asked to two-gap. Good toughness and is coachable.
								Upright and sluggish when asked to help with stunts and twists. Struggles to stack and shed consistently due to small hands. Slow to find the ball and pursue. Just a space-eater. Lacking in desired balance and body control. Needs to make more plays. 
							
2017	Ben Gedeon	2558033	ILB	Michigan	Toughness and intelligence runs in the Gedeon family. Ben's brother, Alex, was a team captain for Harvard football and another brother, Sam, played sprint football and rugby at the Naval Academy. The younger Gedeon excelled in his final year with the Wolverines in 2016, earning second-team All-Big Ten notice after leading the squad with 106 tackles (15.5 for loss, 4.5 for loss). Gedeon contributed heavily without being a full-time starter in his three previous seasons. He had 19 tackles and a sack as a true freshman after being an all-state running back in Ohio. Gedeon then made 17 stops and a sack in 2014, and even started a game while racking up 34 tackles, three for loss, in his junior season. 	Keeps pads square. Does a good job of punching blockers early and keeping himself in position to make a play. Shows ability to play off of block and keep his contain shoulder clean. Doesn't fly downhill unnecessarily. Plays with instincts in the middle. Processes well sifting through blocks and bodies to find the ball carrier. Mindful of tight ends redirecting their routes when he gets a chance. Quick to jump into the way of crossing routes to disrupt. Wants to eat on special teams. Played cover teams all four years and finished with 23 special teams tackles.
								Just an average athlete. Charged with 13 missed tackles this season. Lacks pursuit speed and reactive athleticism to consistently secure tackles in space. Gets engulfed at times and lacks a counter to unhinge quickly from a player's length. Initial footwork before the chase can be plodding and heavy. Doesn't have a burst gear to keep pace with NFL speed. Man coverage responsibilities could become a chore.
							
2017	Billy Brown	2558034	WR	Shepherd	Academic issues prevented Brown from going to a FBS school after high school (he had interest from West Virginia and Maryland), so he chose to attend Division II Shepherd University instead of a junior college. His 6-foot-4, 240-pound frame made him a major matchup problem at that level. As a freshman, Brown started three games (25-323, five TDs) and received honorable mention all-conference honors. After a redshirt season, he started nine of 10 contests in 2014 (30-676, six TDs), earning second-team All-Mountain East Conference honors. Brown's game took off the past two seasons. He garnered first-team all-conference and third-team AP Little All-American honors in 2015 with 89 catches for 1,492 yards and 10 scores. Brown started all 14 games for the second straight year this fall, leading D2 by bringing in 99 passes and finishing second nationally with 1,580 yards and 22 touchdowns.	Great big receiver. Uses wide frame to create separation at top of his routes against bump-and-run coverage. Posts up cornerbacks like a basketball player. Can adjust speed of his route to accommodate the quarterback's timing. Sure-handed and can make the contested catch. Can drag cornerbacks for a long ride after the catch. Dominated his level of competition. 
								Too tall into his routes. Press cornerbacks can get under his pads and force him off-balance inside his route. Doesn't sink into his breaks. Routes are rounded and need work. Doesn't have NFL vertical speed to get over the top of defenders. Has to create separation through physicality rather than quickness. Will be forced into consistent contested catch mode. 
							
2017	Calvin Munson	2558035	LB	San Diego St.	Coming out of St. Charles, Missouri's Francis Howell High School, Munson had the choice of playing college football or going into minor league baseball as a 31st-round pick of the home-state Cardinals. He chose to follow his father's footsteps in football (Kurt was a defensive lineman at Oregon State). After playing 11 games as a reserve as a true freshman (four tackles), Munson entered the starting lineup with a bang. He was the team's Defensive Player of the Year and an honorable mention All-Mountain West pick with 83 tackles, 10.5 for loss, four sacks and four interceptions (one touchdown). His production increased as a junior, and he garnered first-team all-conference honors as a result (98 tackles, 15 for loss, 9.5 sacks, two INTs, two forced fumbles). Munson repeated those accolades in 2016, leading the team with 116 stops, 11 for loss, and 4.5 sacks.	Physical, hard-charging linebacker. Plays the game downhill and with purpose. Good motor and good aggression. Works to sink under climbing offensive linemen while playing square to the line. Willing to stand his ground and challenge lead blockers with some force. Plays with his hands. Can punch and release to play off of blocks and make tackles. Tackles with heavy pads. Very productive as a starter. Showed coverage talent on special teams early in his career. 
								Straight-liner with limited lateral acceleration in pursuit. Struggles to redirect his weight and is susceptible to missed tackles in space. No finesse or wiggle in his approach as a blitzer. Runs head-first into blockers rather than trying to slip past their edge. Stiff in coverage and lacks the agility for extended man coverage. Production was a little over-inflated due to amount of run blitzing he was involved in. Instincts look iffy. Will run to spots rather than locating the ball and improvising his path. 
							
2017	Trey Griffey	2558036	WR	Arizona	The son of major league Hall of Famer Ken Griffey, Jr. and grandson of Ken Griffey, Sr. was actually picked by his dad's first team, Seattle, in the 24th round of the 2016 amateur draft (24 was Junior's uniform number with the Mariners). Trey, however, is working towards a pro football career despite not racking up big production as a college receiver. He was an honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick as a senior with 23 catches for 382 yards and two scores in 2016, his first year as a full-time starter. Griffey actually started four games as a redshirt freshman (14-170, two TD) and two more as a sophomore (31-405, one TD), and also had 13 special teams tackles during those seasons. A preseason foot injury sidelined him for the first half of the 2015 season, limited his role that year (11-284, one TD).	Physical receiver. Uses force to make up for a lack of quickness. Competitive after catch. Bulls through initial tackle attempts and grinds additional yardage. Catches it away from his body. Sandbags his speed early in vertical routes to set up cornerback. Sneaky long work. Once he gets cornerbacks on his hip, he doesn't let them off. Good timing to lay out and make the diving catch.
								Very little noteworthy college production. Sluggish off the line of scrimmage and into routes. Lacks wiggle for quick release. Below average separation quickness. Needs to do better job of setting up in-breaking patterns. Suffers from focus drops and doesn't finish his catches. Inconsistent catching throws outside his frame. Skids into his comeback routes allowing corners time to gather and transition.
							
2017	Chase Roullier	2558037	C	Wyoming	Great Plains schools like Wyoming, North Dakota State, etc. have made their living finding offensive linemen in the Minneapolis-Saint Paul metropolitan area. Rouiller matriculated from Burnsville High School to Cheyenne as a first-team all-state pick and an All-Metro selection by the Star-Tribune. He began showing off his versatility by starting the final three games of his redshirt freshman season at center and guard. Coaches kept him at the left guard spot over the next two seasons, and he started all 24 games, earning honorable mention All-Mountain West honors in 2014 and second-team all-conference in 2015. Roullier then moved to center for his final season, garnering first-team all-conference accolades by snapping the ball to and protecting quarterback Josh Allen and blocking for star back Brian Hill. That group helped his team reach the 2016 Mountain West Championship Game.	Thick lower body with big calves and thighs. Body is built to anchor. Well-schooled and technically sound. Dips and strikes opponent with upward blow from his hips at point of attack. Bends better than expected and unlocks his leverage potential. Gritty worker who uses body control and hand strength to sustain blocks. Generates momentum into down blocks and fork-lifts defensive tackles off their spots. Good power as drive blocker, but functional in space as well. Has starting experience at both guard and center. Plays to and after whistle. Physical and tough.
								Short arms will force him to work overtime for his NFL blocks. Wasn't challenged enough by NFL-caliber power in conference. Below average snap-to-step initial movement. May lack foot quickness to handle penetrating 1-techniques as center. Can improve balance in pass protection. Has to play with better awareness and instincts against twists. Gets caught up on first twister and can be slow to pick up the looper into his gap. 
							
2017	Colin Jeter	2558038	TE	LSU	Jeter thought he had a plan in place. He was going to attend and play football at the Air Force Academy in Colorado Springs. But unfortunately, life causes plans to go awry. His mother, Wendy, was diagnosed with breast cancer, so he left the Academy to return closer to home at Kilgore Community College. He played one season there (14-137, one touchdown), before moving on to LSU as his mother went into remission. In 2014 he played in 11 games but did not catch a pass. In a starting role as a junior, he caught 12 passes for 132 yards and a score. In spite of a middling Tigers passing attack, Jeter again contributed as a starter in eight games, making 11 grabs for 157 yards and a touchdown.	Has frame that can add more bulk if needed. Handles in-line blocking duties. Used to single block defensive ends in pass pro. Has enough lateral movement skills to handle zone blocking duties. Offers ups a big presentable target in space. Physical after the catch and can drag tacklers with him for additional yardage. 
								Upright and slow into his routes. Hips are stiff and can't sink or cut suddenly out of his breaks. Linebackers can close out route separation in space to contest the catch. Not athletic enough to work beyond first level as NFL tight end. Missing hand strength and hip torque to snatch and sustain his blocks. Unable to match power across from him. Struggled to get edge defenders from Alabama blocked.
							
2017	Tobijah Hughley	2558039	C	Louisville	Even though Hughley was an All-City pick in Lexington in high school, he didn't receive much love in the recruiting game. He decided to walk on at Louisville, and redshirted the 2012 season waiting for his chance. Hughley didn't get a chance to play as a sophomore, but worked hard enough to gain the starting center job -- and a scholarship -- in 2014. He started every game in 2015, as well as winning the team's Scholar-Athlete of the Year award. To finish off his career with the Cardinals, Hughley again started every game in the pivot and was rewarded with honorable mention All-ACC honors.	Built low to the ground with a strong base. Shows an ability to re-set his anchor when knocked backwards. Has big, strong hands. Good upper body power. Shows an ability to latch into defender's frame and maintain his block. Looks to roll his hips under him to secure angle blocks and open a door to second level for the back.
								Defaults to hands over feet when trying to work towards penetrators. Reaches with wide hands and tries to engulf rather than slide. Feet too plodding to get to play-side of a block against a heads-up defender. Beaten to the spot often. Lacks necessary recovery quickness and agility. Arms below average for pass protection duties.
							
2017	Derek Rivers	2558040	DE	Youngstown St.	Unlike his teammate, Avery Moss, Rivers started and ended his career with Youngstown, starring as a first-team All-Missouri Valley Football Conference selection each of the past three seasons. He spent a semester at Fork Union Military Academy first, as many east coast college hopefuls do instead of redshirting, then moved into a reserve role on defense for the Penguins in 2013 (13 tackles, three for loss, 2.5 sacks). The next season, he started to terrorize quarterbacks, making 50 tackles, 17 for loss, and 14 sacks (tied for fifth in the FCS) in 12 games. Rivers played defensive end and linebacker as a junior (52 tackles, 15.5 for loss, eight sacks) and then really turned it on with Moss across the way in 2016. He was a third-team Associated Press FCS All-American as a senior with 58 tackles, 19.5 for loss, and 14 sacks, which ranked second in the nation.	Consistent, high-level production as a starter. Plays the same way from snap to snap and plays with high football character. Strikes with quick upward punch under tackle's shoulders to stake a leverage claim on the edge. Good burst out of stance as pass rusher. Rushes with lean and dips low to propel himself around the edge at his fourth step. Creates speed-to-power push with a second gear into contract. Works to uncover outside shoulder and spill play-side runs to the boundary. Adequate power for stand-up linebacker on next level. Flashes disruptive qualities in gaps. Adequate pursuit speed. 
								Needs to play with better gap awareness after setting edge. Plays with head down after contact and loses sight of the running backs. Slow to disengage and make plays on running backs darting into the B-gap. Has problems when matched up against length. Long arms can grind his pass rush into neutral and engulf him in run game. Will need to improve at the point of attack to play on the next level. Tight-hipped in his rush. Lacks fluidity to string moves together.
							
2017	Taylor McNamara	2558041	TE	USC	Growing up in San Diego, McNamara probably dreamed of playing the for Trojans. However, he had planned on signing with Arizona and their head coach, Mark Stoops out of high school. When Stoops was fired, McNamara decided to join the Stoops brothers in Norman, Oklahoma. Things didn't quite work out there, however, as he had to redshirt the 2012 season after two games (one start, no catches) due to a shoulder injury. McNamara played limited minutes over the next two seasons (three games, one catch for four yards in 2013; six games, no catches in 2014) before moving back to California as a graduate transfer for the 2015 season. USC coaches saw his potential, starting him in all 14 games that season (12-83, four scores) and then 11 of the 12 games played this fall (12-111, one TD).	Flashes separation speed on shallow crossers and drags underneath. Made outstanding one-handed catch against Alabama and shows an ability to sink and dig out the low throw. Can make contested catches over the middle. Adjusts routes to avoid redirection. Undersized, but utilizes desired footwork and technique as a blocker. Shows some sustain with strong hands against outside linebackers.
								Doesn't have enough wiggle in the open field to create much more than what he catches if traffic is near. Needs to look for throws a little more quickly. Wasn't asked to do much from route standpoint. Too small to make a living along line of scrimmage. Can be overwhelmed by size.
							
2017	Storm Norton	2558042	OT	Toledo	It might surprise some to know that Toledo had the seventh-best offense in the country based on yardage (517.8 per game) and ranked in the top twenty nationally in scoring (38 points per contest). A lot of that had to do with the protection Norton gave to quarterback Logan Woodside and the holes he made for running back Kareem Hunt during the season. He started every game the past two seasons at left tackle, earning first-team All-MAC recognition each season. An all-state pick from Toledo, Norton stayed home and worked hard to get stronger during his first couple of seasons with the Rockets. He played in seven games as a redshirt freshman, and then took over the left tackle spot with three games to go in the 2014 season.	Tall tackle with extremely long legs and arms are well above average for the position at over 35 inches long. Adequate foot quickness in his pass slides. Blocks with good arm extension and utilizes length as a recovery tool when beaten. Better lateral movement than expected. Able to pull and lead block in power. Combo blocks feature strong secure and fluid climb to second level target. Needs more knee bend, but lands at a high rate in space. Mirrors in pass sets with good balance and good posture.
								Plays from a two-point stance in Toledo offense. Will have to learn to play from three-point stance and fire out of his stance with better bend. Steps are slow and stiff into his first contact. Hands are strong but placement is too wide. Opponents will land first and jolt him due to natural leverage deficiency because of his height. High-cut frame creates anchor imbalance. Below average redirect against inside counters.
							
2017	Eric Keena	2558043	P	North Texas	Despite being located in the heart of football country, North Texas isn't known for producing many NFL prospects. However, Keena's success puts him a leg up on many other senior specialists. He did not play in his first season in Denton, but immediately became a consistent threat to change field position in 2014, averaging 44.8 yards per punt to earn honorable mention All-Conference USA accolades. The next season, he averaged 44.2 yards per boot and forced 24 fair catches on 60 kicks. And as a senior, his average dropped a bit (43.8 yards) but he dropped 20 punts inside the 20-yard line and had just three touchbacks, along with forcing 32 touchbacks on 54 kickoffs. 	Has improved kickoff depth and touchback percentage in each of the last two seasons. Used rugby-style punting but showed ability to bang it as base punter as well. Despite the skewed statistics due to punting style, may have the ability to boom it out of his own end zone. Two-step approach to punt. Saw just 4 percent of his career punts end in touchbacks.
								Thin punter who could have issues finishing necessary tackles in open field. Hang time below average on kickoffs and punts. Allowed two punt return touchdowns and one kickoff return touchdown this season. Doesn't get great leg extension on his punts. Snap-to-punt time of 2.18 is a little slow.
							
2017	Evan Goodman	2558044	OG	Arizona State	Evan and Devin Goodman both played for the Sun Devils after growing up in Florida. Because Evan repeated third grade, however, he ended up playing his senior year without his brother suited up next to him. Not surprisingly for a four-star recruit and top-20 line prospect nationally, Evan impressed scouts with his play over the past two seasons in Tempe. He started 23 games at the left tackle spot during that time. It took him time to earn that spot, however, as he played mostly on special teams in 2012 and 2014, two seasons that sandwiched a redshirt year.	Has NFL size. Sports wide hips and a big rear. Plays with balance and body control and makes defenders work around him. Has long arms with big hands. Shows ability to process quickly and adjust assignments on time. Has enough feet to punch and mirror through the rep. Good athlete for a big man. Fluid feet in his skip pull. Can redirect his weight and plays with sturdy post leg. Not much wasted motion as a blocker. Plays with adequate arm extension and recovery ability.
								Has played in passive sets as tackle and will have to learn to fire off ball as a guard. Will get caught lunging forward and leaving himself open to an inside move against run. Carries hands a little low and wide. Will need to operate with quicker hands on the interior. Hands will land outside the shoulder. Runs up teammates hip on double teams and doesn't execute the block consistently. Too tall on down blocks and base blocks and fails to generate desired push at point of attack. 
							
2017	Gabe Marks	2558045	WR	Washington St.	Marks set the Pac-12 record for most career receptions in his senior year, also finishing second in conference history with 37 touchdown catches and seventh with 3,453 receiving yards. While not the biggest receiver at six feet, 190 pounds, Marks may be the hardest-working. He had the pedigree coming to Pullman, a four-star recruit and All-Area pick in the Los Angeles area as a high schooler. Marks played in every game as a true freshman, starting seven (49-560, two TDs). He started the first nine games of the 2013 season, playing in all 13 contests (74-807, seven TDs). His contributions dwindled at the end of the year, however, and he had a couple of run-ins with local police. Head coach Mike Leach decided to redshirt Marks for the 2014 season to install some maturity. Apparently the break worked, as Marks was a first-team All-Pac-12 selection as a junior, starting every game and catching 104 passes (ranked fifth in the FBS) for 1,192 yards and 15 scores (fourth in the FBS). He repeated the first-team all-conference honor in 2016, though his numbers were down slightly (89-894, 13 TDs). 	Gets into routes with good forward lean and decent acceleration. Creates movement in defenders with his routes and leverages himself into open throwing windows. Shows very good body control when ball is in the air. Works aggressively back to the throw and scrambles with his quarterback to open up. Natural hands catch most everything. Plucks it with good extension. Excellent footwork near the boundary. Has short-area foot quickness to create separation as well as elude tacklers in tight quarters. Has some suddenness in and out of his breaks.
								Can be physically dominated by size. At times will struggle to find a quality release against press. Lacks route strength and can be too easily re-routed. Below average vertical push into his routes and top speed is non-threatening. Production totals bolstered by volume of targets and short passing game. Loses some focus when ball leads him into traffic. Plays finesse football and plays small. Needs to get better at stacking cornerbacks once he gets the jump on them. Has unusual ball security issues after the catch.
							
2017	Scott Orndoff	2558046	TE	Pittsburgh	Orndoff, the son of a former USFL player by the same name, has the genetics to contribute in the NFL, just as he has the past two seasons with the Panthers. An intriguing high school recruit, he started five of nine games in his freshman season (6-50, 2 TD) before injuring his knee. That injury caused him to see less playing time the following year (no starts, 4-24, one score). Orndoff's production increased with the health of his knee in 2015, allowing him to finish second on the team with five receiving touchdowns (13-244, 18.8 yards per catch). He became a big part of the offense in his final season, catching 35 passes (second-most on the team) for 579 yards (16.5 per) and five touchdowns.	Experience working down the field in Pitt's pro-style passing attack. Works the seam and secures the catch despite imminent punishment from safety. Banger after the catch. Reliable in-line blocker. Secures and climbs smoothly in combo blocks. Adjusts blocking assignments quickly when initial block vacates. Has potential to handle himself on an island in pass protection from time to time. Can become a solid blocking "Y" tight end for a run-heavy team.
								Tight in his routes. Needs to do better job of setting up his breaks rather than rolling straight into them. Slow to cut and open to the throw. Needs scheme to uncover him rather than route quickness. Stiff upper body limits catch radius beyond first level. Drop rate of 10.4 percent this year is too high. Needs to take better angles to second level targets. Needs to remember to run his feet under his hands for longer block sustain.
							
2017	Rodney Adams	2558047	WR	South Florida	Adams' mother passed away in a car accident in November 2013, and he's dedicated his play since to her memory. He transferred from Toledo to USF after the 2013 season (2-15 in eight games), and was allowed to played right away in 2014 (three starts, 23-323, 2 TD receiving; 5-52 , TD rushing). Adams was named second-team All-American Athletic Conference in 2015 (45-822, 9 TD receiving; 10-81, TD rushing; 29.1 kick return average, TD) and 2016 (67-822, 5 TD receiving; 23-236, 5 TD rushing) due to his all-around offensive game.	Plays fast. Keeps a crisp pace in his routes and and is able to glide past defenders who underestimate him. Shifty to avoid would-be jams and route redirection. Can adjust to throws behind him. Quick to drop feet after catch near sideline. Competitive runner after the catch with a surprising burst. Shows some lateral escapability and a nasty spin move. Keeps feet moving through tackle attempts and is slippery to bring down. Averaged just over 25 yards per kick return while at South Florida.
								Thin frame with skinny legs. Play strength could be a big concern. Will be challenged to secure passes through contact on the next level. Has small hands and issues with ball security. Drop rate was sky high over sophomore and junior season. Fumbled five times this season on just 90 touches. Production bolstered by wide receiver screens and pop passes. Too thin to hold up as a legitimate blocker in running game.
							
2017	Nick Weiler	2558048	K	North Carolina	Kicker celebrations are not often highlight-worthy, and can often go awry (ask Bill Gramatica). Weiler's run around Florida State's field after kicking a 54-yard game-winner, chopping away to mock the Seminole fans' favorite chant, is forever in UNC football lore. Weiler was an honorable mention All-ACC pick by league media for his work as a senior, though he was inconsistent on field goals during the year (15-of-21, 5-of-8 between 30 and 39 yards). His best year was 2015, when he was a third-team all-conference selection, making 20-of-23 field goal attempts and setting a school record with 127 points and 67 extra points (converting every one). Weiler also had six tackles on kickoffs that season. He made 35-of-37 extra points and 5-of-8 field goal attempts as a sophomore. Weiler was a four-year kickoff specialist for the Tar Heels, converting 164-of-324 attempts into touchbacks.	Good athlete. Shows ability to range across field in kick coverage and willing to tackle when needed. Directional kicker who can place it outside the hash. Good elevation on field goals. Was 7-of-9 beyond 40 yards and made a 54-yard game-winner to beat Florida State at the gun. As a sophomore, all three of his onside kick attempts were recovered by his kicking team.
								Over-commits at times on kickoff coverage. Loses his leverage and will open middle of the field up for kick returners. Had two kicks blocked this season. Missed three times from 30-39. Kickoffs hang-time is below desired norm.
							
2017	Michael Roberts	2558049	TE	Toledo	Toledo's 2016 first-team All-Mac tight end did not have it easy growing up. His father spent time in jail, and he was suspended from elementary school a few times until it was discovered he had a speech impediment and attention deficit disorder. Once that was under control, Roberts did well in high school, though his grades prevented him from receiving a scholarship. He also lost his grandmother to cancer and a younger brother to an accidental shooting. Roberts made his own way as a college student at Toledo, eventually getting eligible to play for the Golden Rockets. He played in five games as a reserve in 2013 (no catches) and nine contests the next year, seeing a bit more playing time (4-65, two TD). Coaches began relying on him in his junior year, starting him once in 12 games (21-234, four TD). As a senior, Roberts became quarterback Logan Woodside's favorite red zone target, scoring 16 times (sixth-most in the FBS) on 45 receptions that covered 533 yards.	When he catches the ball, it matters. Has had over 80 percent of his career catches go for first downs and this season saw 35.5 percent of his catches go for touchdowns (16). Big target with gigantic hands. Quick to open and find the ball on stop routes. Plus body control to adjust and clamp down on throws outside his frame. Will continue to probe and adjust for openings against zone coverage. Very capable run blocker. Operates from strong base and utilizes lengths well. Sinks hips to brace up and neutralize defensive ends with leverage and uses hips and shoulder turn to steer out of the play. Has experience blocking from in-line and from wing spot.
								Comes out of a knock-kneed stance from line of scrimmage. Upright short strider into routes. Gradual gear down into his breaks. Tight at the top of his route. Rolls through his cuts to create momentum for his separation. Angles up to linebackers as blocker will need work. Overshoots targets and allows them to make plays underneath his block. Needs blocks to be right in front of him. Too many misses in space.
							
2017	Lucas Crowley	2558050	C	North Carolina	Crowley was one of the top five high school center recruits in the country in 2012, and played for a coach in Ponte Vedra who knows about high-level offensive play in former Florida quarterback Shane Matthews. Crowley actually started one game as a true freshman against Pittsburgh, taking on an All-American and future NFL All-Pro in Aaron Donald. He's been in the middle for the Tar Heels as the leader of the offensive line ever since, only missing one game with a sprained ankle in 2014. Crowley was a third-team All-ACC pick in 2015 and a second-team selection as a senior.	Under control into his approach as a run blocker. Generates momentum with rhythmic skip steps and slams into his down blocks with some force. Always looking to run his feet through contact for maximum block security. Light on his feet with desired lateral bounce for zone scheme. Decent athlete in space. Can lead the charge as pull blocker and adjust to moving targets. Measured climb to second level linebackers and leverages them out of the gap with proper angles. Looks for work in pass protection. Smart and durable.
								May be too small for the NFL. Needs to add about 15 more pounds, but not sure he has the frame to carry it. Has to keep defenders in his power zone or he can slide off. Strength as a blocker diminishes greatly once a player gets to his edge. Forced to lean on bigger defensive tackles trying to maintain his position. Can be pulled off-balance by aggressive hand work. Struggled against Florida State when he was covered by a nose. Gives ground against bull rushers.
							
2017	Kevin Davis	2558051	LB	Colorado St.	A Parade High School All-American as a senior, Davis signed up to play in his home state. The past two seasons, he's been one of the best linebackers west of the Mississippi. The 2016 second-team All-Mountain West pick led the Rams with 110 tackles, 10.5 for loss, three sacks and four forced fumbles (tied for 10th nationally). Great things were expected from Davis this year because of his first year as a starter in 2015, where he earned honorable mention all-conference recognition as CSU's top tackle (101, 14 for loss). It took Davis a couple of years to reach his potential, however, due to injuries. He was injured on the opening kickoff against Hawaii his freshman year, keeping him as a reserve in eight games (23 tackles). Davis was granted a medical redshirt the next season after four games (one tackle) on special teams. He missed two more games with an ailment in 2014, but wound up starting one game and making 22 tackles (2.5 for loss, sack) in 11 games that season.	Makes plays near the line of scrimmage. Landed 24.5 tackles for loss over last two seasons. Athletic and smooth in his movements. Steps downhill with good balance and gathers himself in a tackle-ready position. Can flow and mirror a running back's change of direction. Able to extend his frame laterally and make the diving stop against shifty running backs. Can chase in space. Has consecutive 100-plus tackle seasons as a starter. Good hip fluidity in his drops and has some man-cover potential. Disguises blitzes and has speed to burst by unsuspecting offensive linemen.
								Offers zero power as a tackler. Allows runners to deliver as much or more of a blow at the point of contact. Needs better bend and hip explosion into tackles. Too passive as a take-on linebacker. Will turn his head and lead with right shoulder no matter his location in the gap. Turns head into contact and loses sight of runner. Needs to get much better with his hands at the point of attack and as a blitzer. Loses too often to first block and struggles to play off of them quickly. Instincts are below average and plays through a straw with his vision.
							
2017	Kenny Golladay	2558052	WR	Northern Illinois	One of the better players coming out of the Chicago area in 2011, Golladay ended up at North Dakota to start his college career. He was an often-targeted reserve as a true freshman there (30-429, one TD) and then an honorable mention All-Big Sky pick in 2013 as UND's leading receiver (69-884, eight TD). The head coach was fired after that season, however, so Golladay moved back home to play for Northern Illinois. He sat out the 2014 season as a transfer redshirt, then stepped into the line-up without any fears of moving up a level of football. He was a second-team All-MAC pick with 73 catches for 1,129 yards and 10 touchdowns. Golladay was a first-team selection in 2016, picking up his second 1,000-yard season (1,156) and eight scores on 87 receptions.	Tall with arm length to match. Has room to add more muscle and strength. Was the quarterback's pet with his long, available frame. Steps into his routes with push and purpose. Long-strider who, if unaccosted, can eat up cushion and work over top of cornerbacks. Good hand fighter who can create additional vertical separation. Catches it away from his body and with desired extension. Long arms offer a wide net for a catch radius. Can go way up or dig out the low ball. Shows good instincts in space and will work back to the ball if he senses the window closing down.
								Route strength is below average. Can be knocked off course and off schedule in timing routes. Has build-up speed but needs a clean runway. Could struggle to uncover against bump-and-run corners. Below average sideline awareness. Made too many catches against the sideline that didn't end up counting. Needs to leverage more throwing room for his quarterbacks on vertical boundary throws. Route work failed to create tilt from defenders. Routes need to be better disquised. Passive, positional run blocker who waits to block until he has to.
							
2017	Justin Senior	2558053	OT	Mississippi St.	This Montreal, Quebec native was the number one-ranked prospect on the Canadian Football League's official Scouting List in December 2016. Senior has been a staple for the Bulldogs over the past three seasons, starting nearly every game at the right tackle spot (missed one game in 39 with a 2015 knee injury). Even as a redshirt freshman, Senior got on the field for 11 games, starting one at his strong-side tackle position. Before his redshirt season, he transitioned from Canadian high school football to the American version by playing one fall at the Hargrave Military Academy.	Gains adequate ground in his slides. Keeps chin tucked and helmet out of his pass sets. Hitch-free punch is generally well-timed. Inside hand is stiff. Throws strikes with strong hands that glue to the frame. Adequate mirror after engagement. Able to reset hands and keep defenders at the end of his long arms. Body control is adequate. Smart angles to his blocks and can have an impact on second level. Works feet into lateral position before engaging. Drive power comes from inner foot. Intelligent with good field awareness.
								Footwork is inconsistent. Needs more bulk and more muscle in his upper body. Movement lacks desired flexibility. Weight distribution in a consistent issue. Gets weight too far outside in his pass sets opening an inside lane. Too willing to chase speed with a gallop around the edge rather than maintaining technique. Struggles to drop pad level and can be rocked onto one foot as wall-off blocker. Has anchor problems against good speed-to-power. Stiff-legged with limited effectiveness when asked to pull.
							
2017	Gunner Kiel	2558054	QB	Cincinnati	It's been a long road for Kiel in the collegiate ranks. A top-five high school recruit, he committed to Indiana (where his brother Dusty played QB), then to LSU, and then changed to Notre Dame (where his late uncle Blair Kiel played before going to the NFL). Kiel lasted one year in South Bend as he seemed to be behind Everett Golson and Tommy Rees on the depth chart. He sat out the 2013 season transferring to Cincinnati, where he started all 13 games in 2014 (3,254 yards, school record-tying 31 touchdowns, 13 interceptions, 59.7 completion percentage). Injuries took Kiel out of three games in 2015 (2,777 yards, 19 TDs, 11 INTs, 65.2 completion pct), giving freshman Hayden Moore a chance to play. In a disappointing senior campaign (804 yards, six TDs, two INTs, 52.0 completion pct), Kiel only started three games as a third-string passer behind sophomores Moore and Ross Trail.	Looks like an NFL quarterback with broad shoulders and a well-proportioned build. Able to get the ball out quickly when he sees a receiver break open suddenly. Throws with adequate timing and his confidence grows when he finds his rhythm. Has NFL arm strength. Can work through progressions. Adequate pocket mobility to elude pressure. Throws with adequate touch on deep shots.
								Has suffered from a number of injuries that have hindered his career. Career has regressed badly since his sophomore season. Inaccurate passer. Struggled badly on intermediate throws. Loses confidence and sprays the ball around. Needs to lead receivers with deep balls. Makes too many poor decisions too often. Stares down slot receivers and can be an easy read for linebackers. Feet are heavy in his setup and footwork is inconsistent in delivery. Inconsistent delivery balance.
							
2017	Harvey Langi	2558055	DE	BYU	Elder Harvey Langi (pronounced long-ee) has seen the Utah-BYU rivalry from both sides. He was a star at Bingham High School in Utah and signed with the Utes, playing 11 games as a reserve running back (13-70) in 2011. He then went on his two-year church mission to Tampa, Florida, and upon his return decided to transfer to in-state rival Brigham Young. Langi played in 12 games, starting one, as a defensive end and linebacker for the Cougars in 2014 (14 tackles). He moved into the starting lineup at linebacker in 2015 (68 tackles, 6.5 for loss, 4.5 sacks, two interceptions) and followed that up with a solid senior year (57 stops, five TFL, two sacks). 	Athletic with moldable traits. Former running back who has been bounced around on defensive side and should be able to unlock his athletic ability once he gets set at inside linebacker. Has enough upper body strength and footwork to play off blocks and work towards the ball. Good close-out burst to the sideline. Able to stay square to line of scrimmage for extended lateral slide thanks to twitch and power in feet. Has man cover potential in passing game. Aggressive working downhill with speed to shoot gaps.
								Lacking necessary instincts for the position. Thinks rather than reacts. Is slow to find the football and has issues with misdirection. Maturity has been an issue in the past. Way behind with his fundamentals for position. Showed improvement with feet and hands this year but they still need work. Has to fire a strong punch earlier in rep to keep himself clean. Play base gets narrow at times and his contact balance is inconsistent. Needs to do better job of playing disciplined, gap-sound football.
							
2017	Josh Augusta	2558056	DT	Missouri	Though Augusta hasn't been a starter for most of his career, he's contributed greatly in every game over the past four seasons for the Tigers. He stepped up his playing time between his freshman (nine tackles, three for loss, two sacks) and sophomore (23 tackles, 4.5 for loss, sack, two forced fumbles) seasons. The only season in which Augusta started games was 2015, and he lined up first in all 12 games (27 tackles, 8.5 for loss). He finished his career as a key reserve (23 tackles, four for loss, sack), and was used as a fullback in short-yardage situations.	Enormous mountain of a man. Extra wide with the mass to cause problems on single blocks. Able to generate decent push off the snap. Has above average feet for a man his size.
								Doesn't have enough functional quickness to make plays unless they are right at him. Locks up with player in front of him rather than searching for the ball. Pad level too high to be an anchor-dropper against double teams. Non-factor as a rusher.
							
2017	Jordan Westerkamp	2558057	WR	Nebraska	Nebraska pulled Westerkamp out of Illinois despite his being a first-team USA Today All-American and all-time leader in receptions, receiving yards and touchdowns. His team won three straight state titles, one of which he carried the team with 12 catches for 353 yards and five scores. In his redshirt freshman season, he played in all 13 games, starting one (20-283, one TD). Westerkamp led the team in receiving the following three seasons. He won the 2014 ESPN College Football Play of the Year with a fantastic behind-the-back grab and caught 44 passes for 747 yards and five scores that season. Westerkamp started all 13 games as a junior, receiving second-team All-Big Ten honors by setting a school record for receptions with 65, for 918 yards and seven touchdowns. A back injury derailed his chances at setting major school receiving records; he started only two games while playing in ten, but was still the team's top receiver (38-526, five TDs).	Hands showed great improvement this season. Hand-eye coordination is above average and is able to hyperfocus when catching in tight quarters. Gets the most out of his catch radius. Able to go up or down and reel in the challenging catch. Finds ways to create a little bit of space for himself through his routes. Some might say he runs them precisely. Uses every inch of his frame to shield defenders from the ball. Shows no hesitation in the middle of the field.
								Slow release quickness into routes. Lacks the long speed and physical ability to play anywhere but slot. Short strider into his routes. Lacks vertical speed to threaten defenders and back them off. Sluggish to accelerate out of breaks. Wears defenders as blankets within his routes and is always forced to make contested catches. Body catcher. 
							
2017	Jason Carr	2558058	DT	West Georgia	An all-state pick from Memphis who had 26 sacks over his last two high school seasons, Carr signed with in-state powerhouse Tennessee. He played in the first three games of the year, but then did not see the field again. Coaches thought he needed more of a "sense of urgency" in his play, so they planned to use his athleticism on the offensive line instead. He balked at that plan and left to play at Northeast Mississippi Community College for the 2014 season. Carr decided to play at West Georgia to finish his career, starting 15 games in 2015 (37 tackles, 5.5 for loss, sack) and nine in 2016 (23 tackles, 4.5 for loss, two sacks). 	Has desired NFL size with arms that reach beyond 34 inches. Lower body has even more room for weight and muscle and he might be able to add substantially more weight to his already large frame. Bends knees and plays under opponents pads as long as he can at point of attack. Has good anchor and can fight back against double teams.
								Slow twitch with very little explosive qualities. Gets hung up on blocks longer than an Internet Explorer browser trying to close. Allows guards to grab and hold him rather than ripping their hands off his body. Marginal pursuit speed and play-making radius. Below-average agility and doesn't threaten the gaps with his get-off. Unable to generate pass rush against lower level of competition.

							
2017	Malik Hooker	2558060	S	Ohio St.	Coming out of high school, Hooker could have played Division I basketball. He led New Castle (Penn.) High to a state title as a senior in addition to being an all-state pick as a defensive back (in only his second year of football). Hooker made the right call coming to Ohio State to play safety. He redshirted in 2013 and played as a reserve in 2015 (10 tackles) due to the team's depth at the position. He took advantage of his ascension up the depth chart as a redshirt sophomore in 2016, receiving first-team All-American and All-Big Ten accolades after making 74 tackles (5.5 for loss), intercepting seven passes (tied for second nationally), and breaking up four others.	Outstanding instincts help him work ahead of the play despite average speed. Always probing quarterback's eyes for clues. Quick to process and is decisive in action. Flows hard to where his instincts lead him. Has fluid movement of a basketball player in space. Leans and bends into his turns for greater body control. Always active and in constant on-field search for optimal positioning. Hyper-aware of incoming targets to his area. Just as comfortable from "robber" spot as high safety. Mirrors quarterback?s eyes to challenge the passing lane. Very rarely takes a false step. Has loose hips for sudden stop-start to cover in space. Great ball skills. Earned most of his seven interceptions in 2016. Can range over the top to challenge the deep ball. Chooses path to the football over path to the man. Strong hands at the catch point lead to takeaways. Can disguise coverage and hustle back into position. Will strike receivers with some force to jar throws loose.
								Just one year of experience. Raw and still learning nuances of the position. More instinctive against the pass than run. At times can be a step slow to trigger downhill to take on the run. Will take some questionable downhill angles to the ball. Not overly physical against the run. Will duck head and go way low as a tackler. Below-average finisher. Comes in hot rather than coming to balance as a striker. Arm-tackler who needs to tighten up his mechanics. Missed 17 tackles this season. Balance issues show up on tape. Still growing into his leggy frame. Will get caught guessing rather than reading. Squats on tight ends and slot receivers from man and gets grabby at the top of the route.
							
2017	Marshon Lattimore	2558061	CB	Ohio St.	You could say Lattimore was hamstrung by injuries during his first couple of seasons with the Buckeyes. His hamstrings gave him so much trouble that he eventually had surgery, causing him to miss his freshman year. Though he played in seven games in 2015 (five tackles), he couldn't finish the season due to the chronic issue coming up again. Finally healthy for his redshirt sophomore campaign in 2016, he won a starting job and made the plays on the field that coaches hoped he would. The first-team All-Big Ten pick had four interceptions and nine pass breakups in his first full year with the team.	Uber-athlete. Parks under receiver's chin at line of scrimmage. Uses disruptive inside hand to slow the release and can punch out of his pedal. Patient from his press, utilizing well-timed opening to match the receiver. Plays with explosive hip flip that jump-starts him into top speed when forced to turn and run. Has balance and footwork to remain in phase with target throughout the route. Has electric, flat-footed closing burst. Can shadow a nine route from release to completion. Has twitch to drive hard toward the throw from his lateral shuffle. Plays with plus instincts. Targeted 35 times this season and credited with 14 passes defensed, including four interceptions. Has burst and instincts to make plays from any coverage asked of him. Forceful open-field tackler. Works through blockers to get to both wide receiver screens and running plays. Wrap-up hitter who sees what he hits.
								Only one year of starting experience. Wasn't tested by high-end receiving talent very often. Will be much tougher to consistently slow NFL receivers with jam and might have to learn to play some off coverage. Showed slight transition hitch when matched up against in inside release. Will read receiver's eyes to assess ball-timing down the field rather than getting his head around early. Film shows infrequent issues recovering against speed merchants.
							
2017	Gareon Conley	2558062	CB	Ohio St.	As a redshirt freshman, Conley stepped into the starting lineup against Michigan State for an injured Eli Apple. He did not fare well against the Spartans' strong passing game that day, forcing an injured Apple back onto the field. Over the past two years, however, Conley has started every game for the Buckeyes. He was an honorable mention All-Big Ten pick in 2015 (two interceptions, five pass breakups) and then graduated to second-team all-conference as a junior (four INTs, eight PBU).	Has NFL size with above-average length. Plays long. At his best when playing with inside leverage and trapping receivers against the boundary. Shades receivers with a basketball stance -- wide base, bent knees and wide arms. Creates challenging throwing lanes to target. Allowed just 37 percent completion rate. Press-man talent with zone instincts. Shows discipline and technique on verticals and curls. Matches with his feet rather than grabbing. Senses when his pattern is designed to clear space for another receiver and reacts accordingly. Has plus burst to the throw. Uses length to play around receiver and bat passes down underneath without interfering. Runs well and sinks into receiver's lap down the field, getting his head around to make a play on the ball. Plays the ball with soft hands and outstanding timing.
								Can be a little tight-hipped in his transitions. Pattern-match was just average when facing off against more advanced route trees. Michigan receivers created separation and some panic in Conley with their inside releases and crossing routes. Got caught reaching and holding in attempt to recover. Will occasionally default to face-guarding rather than turning to find ball. Can be slow to digest route combinations and lose track of his man. Doesn?t look as comfortable or confident in off-man. Plays small in run support and needs to work on consistency as a tackler. Gets driven off his spot by blocking receivers and rarely charges forward to attack near the line of scrimmage.

							
2017	Deshaun Watson	2558063	QB	Clemson	The two-time Heisman Trophy finalist took the Clemson program to another level, resulting in the school's first national championship in more than 30 years. Starting five games as a true freshman and winning four (14 touchdowns against just two interceptions), the 2013 Georgia Gatorade Player of the Year immediately showed he belonged, even though he had to have surgery on a torn ACL after the season. In his sophomore season, Watson led his team to the National Championship (4,104 passing yards, 35 passing touchdowns; 1,105 rushing yards, including 12 scores) and won the Davey O'Brien and Payton Manning Awards as the nation's top quarterback. Watson didn't take home as much hardware in 2016, but he still led Clemson to a national title while garnering second-team All-American honors (4,593 yards, 41 TDs, 17 INTs, 67.0 completion pct; 629 yards, nine TDs rushing). 	Tremendous leader and winner. Good pocket posture with quiet upper body. Good pocket mobility and doesn't show much panic when pocket gets noisy. Sacked just 32 times over his last 1,181 drop-backs. Willing to stand in and deliver the ball against rib-wreckers on a clear path for him. Has history of clutch play in big games and big moments. Averaged 472 yards of total offense with eight total touchdowns and one interception in his two  championship appearances against Alabama. Throws with anticipation and touch. Fires hips through throws for improved drive velocity into tight windows. Arm strength currently limited by mechanical issues that are correctable. Big, strong hands to pump fake and manipulate. Keeps ball tucked near his chest when scanning. Has compact, over-the-top release that uncorks a tight, pretty spiral. Throws with adequate accuracy on the move. Has traits to operate out of boot-action attack. Tremendous athlete who has ability to pick up chunks of yardage on ground. Has called running plays could ignite a stagnant offense. Has instant juice out of pocket to make defense pay if rush lanes are vacated. Does a good job of sliding or eluding square collisions in space as a runner. Dual-threat weapon near end zone who will create additional preparation time for coaching staffs looking to limit his effectiveness in the red area. Every meaningful passing stat improved in close-and-late situations in 2016.

								Frame is a little more slender than teams typically like. Accuracy runs hot and cold. Tends to over-stride on drive throws, causing release point to drop and balls to sail. Ball placement on crossing routes and slants needs to improve. Will leave throws behind intended targets. Deep-ball accuracy has been scatter-shot over his last two seasons at Clemson, with throws sailing well beyond his target. Design of offense limited his need to make full-field reads. Has to become adept at working through progressions and playing chess against safeties. Needs to let routes develop rather than rushing anticipatory throws. Too many interceptions due to lack of vision, placement or decision-making. Threw interception vs. Troy against bracketed coverage he didn't see. Baited into bad-decision interceptions twice by Florida State cornerbacks. Has issues improvising away from initial, pre-snap plan even when pathway to target becomes muddy. Shotgun quarterback who, like Jared Goff, could take time getting used to huddling, pace of play-calling and drop-backs from under center.
							
2017	T.J. Watt	2558064	LB	Wisconsin	The third Watt brother decided it was time to join his older siblings in the NFL after an excellent junior season. Following in the footsteps of J.J. (a three-time NFL Defensive Player of the Year) and Derek (sixth-round pick as a fullback by San Diego) won't be easy. In fact, it wasn't easy for Watt to get on the field his first couple of seasons with the Badgers, redshirting as a tight end in 2013 and losing the following season with a right knee injury. Watt then tore up his left knee during spring practice in 2015, having surgery but returning to play as a reserve linebacker in all 13 games (eight tackles, 1.5 for loss). Finally healthy in 2016, he won a starting job and excelled, garnering second-team Associated Press All-American and first-team All-Big Ten honors with 63 tackles, 15.5 for loss, and 11.5 sacks.	Produced at high-end level with just one season of full-time football. Has desired length for the edge with room to accommodate more size. Attacks blockers with early arm extension and utilizes push-pull technique to upset their balance as his pet move against run and pass. Outstanding hand play in his game. Disruptive as first man in on twists. Always ready to leap into passing lane and deflect the throw. Strikes fast and early to create leverage points. Rarely has helmet involved in play and is constantly searching for the ball. Understands art of quick disengagements and can flatten out against outside run. Has good agility to clear trash near his feet and pursue the ball. Functional in space when asked to cover. Can get skinny when shooting gaps and has decisiveness and pursuit quickness to crash down the line and close-out cutback lanes. Consistent, wrap-up finisher as tackler. 
								Not overly twitched-up as an athlete. Short strider who lacks explosion out of stance and up the field to bend the edge as a pass rusher. Foot quickness is average and needs to win with technique and great hand play. Won't generate enough acceleration to crank up speed-to-power rush with consistency. Plays with a narrow base. Needs to play with more consistent bend to play through redirection by offensive line. Will have to add power in his base to hold point of attack against tackles. Pass rush menu will need more options against NFL tackles. 
							
2017	Adoree' Jackson	2558065	CB	USC	One of the best athletes in college football, Jackson has made plays at USC on offense, defense, and special teams. He started at cornerback and receiver as a true freshman against Notre Dame. He was named a Freshman All-American, Pac-12 Defensive Rookie of the Year, as well as honorable mention all-conference (49 tackles, 10 pass deflections, 10 catches for 138 yards, three receiving TDs, two kick-return TDs). League coaches named Jackson a first-team All-Pac 12 defensive back in 2015 (one INT, eight PBUs). He was a second-team pick as a returner and finalist for the Paul Hornung Award as the nation's most versatile player contributing on offense (27-414, two TDs) and special teams (941 total return yards, two punt-return TDs). As a junior, Jackson won the Jim Thorpe Award and was named first-team all-conference and All-American after a strong season (five INTs, 11 PBUs.) He scored four times on returns, two on kickoffs and two on punts. In 2015 and 2016, he earned All-American honors in track. He ran a career-best 10.38 seconds in the 100 meters in the 2016 outdoor season.	Feel in coverage has improved substantially from his freshman season. Shows greater pattern recognition and is able to maintain coverage around the field. Has necessary hip flip and foot quickness to recover from mistakes in press and lapses in coverage in space. Plays in a variety of coverage techniques. Able to mirror and match from press. Features closing burst and takes playmaking angles to the throw. Excellent ball skills with well-timed leaps and aggressive tactics at the catch point. Good feel for when to defend a throw and when to take it away. Consistent tackler. When he gets there, he usually finishes his task. High-end return talent who can swing games in an instant. His eight career return touchdowns make him an immediate return man for any team that takes him.

								Smallish for an outside cornerback. Might be limited to just work in the slot. Can be a little over-aggressive with pace of bail coverage when fearing speed. Has a very slight hitch in transition forward from his pedal. Allowed routes to leverage him too far out of the middle of the field when he had no safety help. Could have issues with big slots posting him up in space. Lack of size and run-support strength could make him an early target for teams who like to run out of 11 personnel (three wide receivers). 

							
2017	Curtis Samuel	2558066	WR	Ohio St.	This Brooklyn native is considered an H-back in the Buckeyes' offense, though that won't be his NFL position because of his size. He will produce as a running back and receiver at the next level, as he did while garnering Associated Press All-American honors as an all-purpose threat. The first-team All-Big Ten pick rushed for 771 yards and eight touchdowns (97 carries, 8.0 yards per carry) and caught 74 passes for 865 yards and seven scores; he led the conference with 128.8 all-purpose yards a game and led Ohio State with 15 total touchdowns on the year. Samuel contributed in his first two years, as well. He played in every game of the team's national championship run in 2014 (11-95 receiving, 58-383, six TDs rushing; 12-246 kick returns). He started one game that year, and another in 2015, when he again rushed (17-132, TD), caught (22-289, two TDs) and returned (9-207) for the Buckeyes.	Has crisp feet for sudden change of direction. Long-strider with deep speed to challenge press coverage over the top. Shows defender an exaggerated jab fake at top of his routes to generate lean from cornerback and create separation out of his break. On comeback routes, can stutter feet into his break for a sudden stop-and-open timing throws. Has explosiveness both vertically and out of his breaks to uncover on all three levels. Can ramp it back up to top gear quickly after tapping his brakes in space. At his best when matched up in open space. Gets faster and more dangerous as the play unfolds. Has two years of kick-return experience. Moveable matchup piece. 

								Plays with some hip tightness that make his play more linear than fluid. Needs to work on release against press. Could get hung up off the line and into his routes by athletic, press-cover slot men. Has unnatural hands that fight the throw. Will default to body catches. Didn't have as many "pro-style" touches as teams would like. Averaged just 5.5 yards at the catch point, and several carries came on jet sweeps and stretch plays from shotgun. Average ball-tracking and adjustments to poor throws. Wasn't asked to handle blocking responsibilities very often.
							
2017	Marlon Humphrey	2558067	CB	Alabama	Although his father, Bobby, was a star running back in Tuscaloosa, Marlon was not solely a legacy pickup. He was a national All-American pick out of the famed Hoover High program, as well as a state champion sprinter and hurdler. Nick Saban redshirted him in 2014 due to the team's depth in the secondary, a luxury possible for no other team in the country. Humphrey started all 15 games the following year, earning Freshman All-SEC notice (45 tackles, 3.5 for loss, three INT, eight PBU) for the national champs. He again locked down a starting spot in 2016, intercepting two passes and breaking up five others. While he didn't earn all-conference honors, his toughness in coverage throughout the season intrigued scouts.	Has the body type and athletic traits that are out of central casting. Fluid hips and hard-charging makeup speed. Well-versed in a variety of coverages. Plays with disciplined eyes and good balance between high-low responsibilities in zone. Good short-area acceleration to close out receivers and attack throwing lanes. Reactive athleticism helps erase coverage mistakes. Extremely competitive with an edge that spikes after he's beaten. Timid receivers should take the day off. Aggressive from press with a powerful punch. Looks to intimidate when the opportunity arises. Drives receivers out of bounds and out of the play if their vertical release takes them too close to the boundary. Will not let a blocking receiver punk him. Tears through blocker and attacks downhill. Searches for opportunities to strip the ball; forced three fumbles in 2016. 

								Impatient from press coverage. Opens inside or outside too early rather than waiting for a clear declare from receiver. Struggles to stay in phase throughout the route and allows separation opportunities. Feet are fast but sloppy. Footwork becomes bulky and balance diminishes when matched against quality route workers. Plays a scrambling style of coverage that is too reliant upon his athletic gifts. Issues playing the deep ball are a concern. From off coverage, overreacts to route fakes and opens the door to a big play. Allowed more than 19 yards per completion as a starter. Can be slow to locate the ball and finds himself out of optimal position to play the ball.
							
2017	Marcus Williams	2558068	S	Utah	Utah's secret to football success has been their coaches' ability to find three-star recruits out of California to make the trip to Salt Lake City. Williams, a Corona native, continued that trend and contributed immediately, starting six times as a true freshman (59 tackles, INT, two forced fumbles.) In 2015, he started every game, garnering first-team all-conference (66 tackles, five INT, five pass breakups), and academic all-conference honors (4.0 high school GPA). Williams missed time in 2016 with an injury but still was named second-team All-Pac-12 with 64 tackles, five interceptions and three pass breakups.	Athletic and instinctive from high safety. Easy hips with smooth feet in his backpedal. Able to play from deep positioning and still make plays on the ball. Good recognition of quarterback?s intentions gives him  a head-start on the throw. Has desired open-field speed to close from hash to sideline. Former basketball player and high-jumper with the leaping ability and timing to win the 50-50 throws. Posted 10 interceptions against 44 targets over last two seasons. Productive tackler and careful finisher. Steps downhill against the run. Leverages ball carriers to the sideline and rarely lets him cross back over into middle of the field. Gathers feet and widens out to unfurl a wider tackling net. 

								Needs to add some muscle on his slim frame. More of a finesses safety than hitter. Takes the worst of it in one-on-one tackles. Can be dragged along for additional yardage. Plays with a hitch in his transition from backpedal. Occasionally follows quarterback's eyes too carefully and can be manipulated.
							
2017	Chad Hansen	2558069	WR	California	Hansen was a late bloomer who didn't stand out on his high school team until his senior year. Idaho State was the only school to make a scholarship offer, so off to Pocatello he went -- for one year. He started 11 games there in 2013 (45-501, three TDs) before sitting out the following year as a transfer to Cal. Hansen contributed in his first year in Berkeley (19-249, TD), and then again surprised the Pac-12 with a second-team all-conference effort in 2016. He ranked third in the FBS with 9.2 receptions a game, and fourth with 124.9 yards a contest (92-1,249), while also scoring 11 times despite missing two games with an ankle injury. 	Maneuvers around route redirection in space and keeps his route on time. Works back to the throw. Has some talent after catch on wide receiver screens. Drive off the line and into his routes is consistent no matter which level he is going to work. Good awareness near sidelines. Able to drop his feet in-bounds when crowded against the boundary. Plays with good strength and physicality when mugged in his routes. Has fluid, powerful strides to burst past cornerbacks on vertical routes. Natural ball-tracker. Plus body control for ball adjustments in any direction. Hands are strong and can secure in traffic. Didn?t have to run much of the route tree, but showed willingness to work the middle. Gives physical, extended effort as run-blocker punching into cornerbacks frame and locking out. Able to make first tackler miss and accelerate into open field. 

								Upright off the snap and into his routes. Is eventual into breaks and allows cornerback time to gear down and transition back to the ball. Can be jammed up by strong press corners. Doesn?t create enough consistent separation with his intermediate routes. Route work at Cal was basic. Will face his share of contested catches on the pro level. Allows throws to crowd his frame. Needs to get better at using body to shield throws from defenders.
							
2017	Raekwon McMillan	2558070	LB	Ohio St.	McMillan couldn't pull off the double Butkus Award win as the best linebacker at both the high school (won in 2013) and collegiate levels (finalist in 2015), but his play during his three years in Columbus won over NFL scouts. He graduated from high school a semester early to join OSU football for spring practice, which paid off in the fall when he played in all 15 games, lining up for more snaps than the starter in nine of those contests. He won second-team All-Big Ten honors in 2015, leading the team with 119 tackles (four for loss, four pass breakups). McMillan didn't rack up quite as many tackles as a junior (102, seven for loss) but still gained recognition for his play as a second-team All-American and first-team All-Big Ten selection.	Downhill movement after the snap is his norm. Understands angles. Can outpace pulling guards to the spot with his play quickness. Reads his keys and responds. Plays with good anticipation of lane choice by the runner. Attacks hands-first into blockers with good arm extension to keep his frame clean. Good zone-cover ability. Reads quarterback's eyes and slides into passing lanes. Has added additional thickness during his tenure.
								Struggles to leverage his gap as a take-on linebacker. Gets widened out of his gap by size. Gets trapped on the wrong side of the block. Tends to play over the top of a block rather than under it. Slow to disengage and tackle. Tight in his lower half. Missing the quick, reactive change of direction to consistently secure shifty runners. Delayed in stop-start pursuit to the sideline. Has some limitations in man coverage.
							
2017	Isaiah Ford	2558071	WR	Virginia Tech	Even though Ford averaged 37 points a game as a high school basketball star, football called his name. Virginia Tech signed the Jacksonville native, and played him immediately as a freshman. Ford earned honorable mention All-ACC honors that year, leading the team in receptions (56), receiving yards (709), and receiving touchdowns (six). His sophomore year was even better, as the first-team all-conference pick set school records in each of the major categories (75-1,164, 11 scores). The production was maintained in a second-team All-ACC 2016 season, with 79 catches, 1,094 yards and seven scores. 	Superb athlete with good height. Able to shake press coverage with quick jab step and sudden burst. Feet look spring-loaded underneath. Features big acceleration out of his breaks and is able to create easy throwing windows on slants and crossing routes. Varies route speed to disguise his intentions. Chomps up cushion with his speed and stems defenders into off-balance transitions and false steps. Sustains vertical danger throughout his routes. Can get up and over cornerbacks without appearance of much effort. Tracks the deep ball and has ball skills to finish. Works back to underthrown passes and is able to contort in mid-air to make the catch. 

								Thin frame needs weight for greater functional strength. Can be redirected off route by force. Will sit and wait too long on throws. Needs to shield throws from defender. Can be late adjusting to off-target throws. Average hand strength as pass catcher. Has speed, but lacks elusiveness after the catch. Lacks instincts for the position. Gets open with speed and quickness rather than being route-savvy. Physicality and athleticism of NFL cornerbacks will take adjustment time. Positional run blocker who can be thrown out of the way by aggressive cornerbacks. 
							
2017	Alek Torgersen	2558072	QB	Pennsylvania	California talent and Ivy League intelligence is a good combination for an NFL prospect, and he's become one of the most decorated players in Penn history. Even in his first action as a Quaker, he received Ivy League Rookie of the Week in the season finale against Cornell, his only game of the season (6-10, 109 yards, two scores). The team struggled in 2014, but Torgersen successfully ran the offense, completing 26 passes per game for 2,689 yards, and 14 touchdowns (11 interceptions). He finished his career with back-to-back first-team All-Ivy League seasons, helping Penn win 14 games against five losses. In 2015, he had the second-highest completion percentage in FCS (69 percent, 1,996 yards, 19 TD, three INT). Torgersen then set school records in passing touchdowns and total offense during his senior year, completing 66.9 percent of his passes for 2,231 yards and 17 touchdowns, with just four interceptions. He also showed mobility during his career, rushing for 516 yards and 18 scores (even when accounting for sacks).	Three-year starter with fit build and NFL size. Athletic with success in zone-read. Dug into the film after sophomore season with desire to become smarter quarterback and showed drastic reduction of interceptions over next two years. Keeps ball tucked high and tight pre-delivery. Has big, strong hands to pump and reload if he spies late trouble. Ball comes out of his hand with tight spiral and good velocity. Gets it out quick if pressure flashes suddenly. Throws with touch on deep balls. Naturally accurate and throws with confidence between the hashes.
								Lacks experience in pro-style attack. Checks are called from the sideline. Offense filled with one-and-done reads. Has to break habit of staring targets down. Wasn't asked to be a full-field reader. Will have to play faster to adjust to shrinking NFL throwing windows. Will hang onto the ball a tick too long on rollouts. Inconsistent release. At times, his release with become elongated and with a pronounced dip in it. Reads could be inconsistent against zone.
							
2017	Andrew King	2558073	LB	Army	Andrew's father, Rhonny, is a 21-year veteran of the New York Police Department and was one of the first responders to the 9/11 World Trade Center bombings. King was a captain on both the football and wrestling squads in high school heading to Annapolis. He played in three games in 2013 before taking over a starting spot as a sophomore (63 tackles, eight TFL, five sacks, four pass breakups). King led the Black Knights with 92 tackles, 16 tackles for loss and 4.5 sacks in 2015 and had an excellent final campaign, as well (97 tackles, 11 TFL, five sacks).	Plays with a consistent motor. Always active throughout the snap and will keep pursuing down the field to make the tackle. Squeezes down tight on the backside to fit into the cutback lane. Able to sift through moving bodies and maintain eyes on the ball. Doesn't rush downhill without a plan. Allows traffic to clear rather than getting caught in the wash.
								Average instincts. Slow to diagnose and respond to wide-flowing runs. Tight throughout his lower body and plays with a hard delay from his change of direction. Has below average flexibility and agility. Lacks speed to range. Doesn't play with his hands often enough at point of attack. Needs to flow square in tackle-ready position.
							
2017	Cameron Tom	2558074	C	Southern Miss	This pivot man with a relatively slim build and two first names has been a staple on the Golden Eagles' line the past four seasons; quarterback Nick Mullens would be the first to tell you that his success is directly related to the play of his snapper and leader of the line. Tom has garnered first-team All-Conference USA recognition in each of the last two seasons, starting all 27 games in the middle. He lined up for all 12 games at center in 2014, receiving honorable mention notice, following a Conference USA All-Freshman season in which he started nine times at the right tackle spot.	Full-time, three-year starter. Has good lower body thickness. Patient blocker up to the second level. Climbs with a wide base trying maximize his ability to get a piece of darting linebackers. Takes quality angles to his blocks. Tries to sink and get as much bend and torque into his initial contact. Strikes with upward punch and is able to extends arms for more control. Able to withstand bull rush attempts and anchor down in pass pro.
								Straight-legged with narrow base into angle blocks. Inconsistent working feet and hips into position to secure his move blocks. Plays with below average balance in space and through contact. Needs to add more mass and improve his core strength. Slow to adjust assignments when needed. Snap to step quickness is off. Poor reactions and awareness at times against twists.
							
2017	Darius English	2558075	OLB	South Carolina	NA	Has tremendous length. Uses his long legs and flexible hips to merry-go-round over the edge and open a path to the quarterback. Has the long arms to develop an effective stab move as a pet pass rush option. Long strider who can cover ground and chase runners from the back-side. Former basketball player who has some coverage ability in space.
								He is all arms and legs. Painfully thin and lacking the necessary functional strength to hold up at the point of attack. Is widened out of the gap or washed down way too easily. Doesn't have the base to play through contact and defend the run. Will have to be a space player.
							
2017	De'Veon Smith	2558076	RB	Michigan	Like many all-state players coming out of Ohio, there's often a choice to make: stay to play with the Buckeyes or go to one of those "teams up north." Smith decided to travel for his collegiate career, and has been a four-year contributor for the Wolverines. He played in four games as a true freshman (26-117) and then had a larger role in 2014, starting twice (108-519, six touchdowns). Smith was a regular starter in 2015, leading the team with 753 rushing yards and six touchdowns, as well as 19 catches for 159 yards and one score. He set his career high in rushing yards in 2016 with 846 and rushing touchdowns with 10, earning honorable mention All-Big Ten notice.	Big back with ample vision. Plays with a feel for interior rushing lanes and is able to make multiple moves along the way. Comfortable and efficient on inside zone plays. Runs decisively. North-south runner who rarely dances. Has a late spin move and directional change to avoid square contact and fall forward. Drives legs through contact to finish. Can keep adding to rush total against arm tackles.
								Lacks pro acceleration needed to escape NFL linebackers to the edge. Play speed is below average. Sluggish to and through the line of scrimmage. Allows tacklers time to disengage and react to the run. Poses very little threat to take runs to the house. Hard-hat runner who lacks the wiggle or speed to create for himself. Needs it blocked up on first level to have an impact. Below average eluding tacklers in the hole.
							
2017	Delano Hill	2558077	SS	Michigan	Delano and his younger brother, Lavert, played on the same football team for the first time in 2016. They attended different high schools in Detroit, with Delano going to Cass Technical and Lavert, a top 10 cornerback recruit, to Martin Luther King. Delano saved his best season for when his brother arrived, receiving second-team All-Big Ten notice as a senior (52 tackles, 4.5 for loss, three interceptions, three pass breakups.) The depth of Michigan's secondary kept Hill off the field as a freshman in 2013 (one tackle), but he fought his way into the starting lineup five times the following year (20 tackles) despite his missing time in preseason with a broken jaw and a few midseason games with a leg injury. Hill started eight games in 2015 (46 tackles, 2.5 for loss, two PBU), portending his senior year success.	Compact build that is able to accept and deal out physical play. Aggressive in run support. Likes the life near the line of scrimmage. Plays downhill and will meet the ball in the backfield when he gets a chance. Steps downhill from high safety and takes good angles to the ball. Plays both high and low and has matched up on the slot. Has zone-cover potential. Chest-up tackler with a good finishing rate.
								Hips lock up on him when trying to flip and chase the post route. Has no room for false steps in his game. Lacks athleticism to match up on space down the field. Below average play speed and range from high safety. Instincts are average. Can be slow to recognize and respond to intended misdirection. Transitions forward from his pedal will stall at the top and slow his break on the throw.
							
2017	Dymonte Thomas	2558078	S	Michigan	Thomas could be one of a dozen or more Wolverines drafted in April, thanks to a senior season where he finally got a chance to regularly start. A hard-nosed player and excellent athlete, Thomas was a special teams force for the Wolverines as a freshman (seven tackles). He stepped in to start three games as a sophomore (27 tackles, forced fumble) and then four games as a junior (24 tackles, seven pass breakups). Thomas received honorable mention notice by league media and coaches in 2016, as he was with the starters in 12 of 13 contests, making 70 tackles, intercepting one pass, and breaking up nine others.	Plays both high safety and slot cornerback spots. Takes efficient routes to the ball from both positions. Credited with ten passes defensed in just 29 targets this season. Able to undercut a route to open a path into the throwing lane for his outstretched arm. Attacks catch point and rakes the ball away. From high-safety, will shade according to quarterback's eyes and movement in the pocket to keep himself in play-making position. Shows adequate route awareness.
								Too small to play a combo safety role. Carries no thump behind his pads as a hitter and misses too many tackles. As a corner, will guess at the top of the route rather than pattern matching. Hands are below average. Watching interceptions bounce off of his hands. Not very fast. Once he's beaten, he usually can't catch up. Struggles to maintain his coverage against quick slots.
							
2017	Fish Smithson	2558079	S	Kansas	Smithson's brother, Shaky, was a receiver at the University of Utah, so he went to high school in Salt Lake City to escape a difficult life in Baltimore. Anthony "Fish" Smithson was a high school quarterback that went to tiny Hartnell College out of high school; he led the Coast Conference with eight interceptions in that season. He went to Kansas for the 2014 season, playing in 12 games as a key reserve (49 tackles, two for loss). Smithson garnered second-team All-Big 12 accolades as a junior, leading the nation with 7.9 solo tackles per contest and the Big 12 with 111 total tackles (along with two interceptions and five pass breakups). Fish led his team in tackles again in 2016 with 93 (2.5 for loss) as a first-team All-Big 12 selection. He also had a team-high four interceptions and seven pass breakups during the year.	Plays with above average football instincts and field awareness. Good pattern recognition from two-high and single-high coverage and adjusts his coverage with haste. Quick to recognize play-action and sink into his coverage territory. Has experience covering slot. Used instincts and ball skils to defend 10-of-18 targets this season, including four interceptions. Races downhill from safety spot to jump into a contain position against the run. Shows no hesitation to plug into run fits and stick his nose in. Has potential to operate as combo safety.
								Undersized for his work in the box. Tackling inconsistencies are troubling. Flat-footed tackler who takes force rather than dealing it. Has had a substantial amount of missed and broken tackles over last two seasons. Lacks the twitch to make sudden adjustments in space. Athletic limitations prevent him from making some of the plays his eyes unveil. Unable to carry speed down the field or stick with crossing routes in man.
							
2017	Joey Ivie	2558080	DT	Florida	Football took a backseat in the life of Ivie in April 2015, when he rushed home to be with his younger sister, Jordan, after a car accident. He was holding her when her heart stopped. His younger brother, Andrew, was meant to play with Joey the past two years at Florida, but was forced to give up the sport for medical reasons. In spite of all of this, Ivie has been a strong contributor for the Gators. After playing three of the team's last five games as a true freshman (three tackles), he was a key reserve upfront in 2014 (one start, 24 tackles, three for loss, sack). Ivie was a part-time starter as a junior, starting five of ten games played, making 27 stops, four for loss and 3.5 sacks. He capped off his career in 2016 with his best season, starting 10 of 11 games while battling a thumb injury (26 tackles, 3.5 TFL, 2.5 sacks).	Plays with good motor and energy throughout the snap. Plays with flexibility and desired athleticism on the move. Punches into blockers with good placement. Locates the ball quickly and works off his block to tackle. Active as a pass rusher attacking both shoulders of the blocker. Plays with quick hands in his rush and uses arm over to get over the top.
								Lacks mass in his lower half. Attacks upfield with a narrow base and struggles to maintain balance through contact. Gets roughed up by double teams and combo blocks and pushed out of his gap. Doesn't feature upfield juice to consistently disrupt in the gaps. Relies on motor over power and explosiveness. Doesn't make many plays despite his activity. Short arms limits his ability to control at the point of attack.
							
2017	Karter Schult	2558081	DE	Northern Iowa	Playing fullback on an eight-man football team in rural Iowa won't get you noticed in recruiting circles. Northern Iowa was the only Division I school to offer Schult, and under the tutelage of former NFL pass rusher Bryce Paup, he's become one of the top players in all of college football. Schult won the Buck Buchanan Award as the top defender in the FCS, as well as the Missouri Valley Football Conference Defensive Player of the Year. He led the FCS with 17 sacks on the year and finished second with 24 tackles for loss, while also forcing two fumbles, blocking a kick and being credited with a safety. The two-time first-team Academic All-American was a national standout as a junior, as well, ranking among division leaders with 23 tackles for loss and 15 sacks among his staggering 82 total stops. In his first two years on campus, he went from freshman reserve (four tackles in 11 games) to regular contributor (32 tackles, eight TFL, 3.5 sacks) before getting into his starring role.	Thick chest with a broad waist. Has a single-minded approach to his job on each snap. Imposed his will against inferior competition with physicality and effort. Challenges a blocker's edge with power on pass rushes. Extremely productive sack and tackles-for-loss numbers over last two seasons. Plays with great determination and is known for his work ethic.
								Rushes square and lacks upper and lower flexibility to flip hips around the edge as rusher. Straight-liner with poor change of direction and agility to mirror scrambling quarterbacks and shifty runners. Short arms can leave him at the end of a tackle's punch. Pad level is too high. Below average pursuit speed and tackle range. Needs plays run at him. Pass rush lacks a counter.
							
2017	Nick Mullens	2558082	QB	Southern Miss	Like many talented signal-callers, Mullens got thrown into the fire early in his career after excelling in high school (he was Alabama's Gatorade Player of the Year in 2012). Unlike others, he broke many school records, even some of those owned by Hall of Famer Brett Favre. He started six times as a true freshman, learning the ropes (1,776 yards, 13 TD, 14 INT, 49.3 completion pct) while the team went 1-5 in those games. Mullens started 10 games the following year, missing two with a foot injury, and his efficiency improved (2,470 yards, 12 TD, 9 INT, 59.7 completion pct) but the team failed to go to a bowl game. Finally, everything came together in 2015; he completed 63.5 percent of his 521 passes for 4,476 yards, 38 touchdowns and just 12 interceptions. He was the Conference USA Offensive Player of the Year and a second-team all-conference pick (behind league MVP Brandon Doughty from Western Kentucky). Though he missed two games with an injury this fall and was only an honorable mention selection by league coaches (3,272 yards, 24 TD, 11 INT, 63.3 completion pct), Mullens led his team to a bowl win in his final game. Mullens also showed great toughness by playing through an injury to the thumb on his throwing hand where a bone popped through his skin. He came back to play in that game, and played with a glove going forward until it healed sufficiently.	Good foot quickness in the pocket. Can go from play-action to pass-ready quickly. Able to bounce around and find slivers of space to cut it loose when pressure descends. Can make expedited throws from off-balance angles and hit his targets. Capable in controlled passing attack with tight release. Throws with quality touch. Exceptional toughness. Had training staff "push the bone back in" and stitch up a compound fracture in his thumb against Texas-San Antonio so he could finish the game.
								Well below NFL norm for size. Small frame unlikely to ever carry desired mass. Lacks NFL-caliber arm to push the ball down the field and drive it between the hashes without defensive backs making plays on the ball. Will opt out of throwing from balanced platform and into back foot tosses. Doesn't bring his lower body through his throws to maximize velocity. Floats throws to field side and in the deep middle. Needs to get ball out earlier to compensate for a lack of arm.
							
2017	Wes Lunt	2558083	QB	Illinois	Injuries have derailed Lunt's career since his high school days, when he was an all-state pick in Illinois as a senior despite being out early in the season. He started his collegiate career at Oklahoma State, starting five times right off the bat (1,108 yards, six TD, seven INT) before inconsistent play, his left knee and a head injury cost him his starting job. He attempted to transfer from OSU, and met some restrictions by the coaches there before deciding to return to his home state. Lunt showed some promise in 2014, starting seven times and leading the team to three fourth-quarter wins (1,763 yards, 14 TD, three INT, 63.4 completion percentage). He started all 12 games in 2015 (1,763 yards, 14 TD, six INT, 56.1 completion pct) but couldn't stay healthy in 2016, missing four games with a back injury and playing inconsistently when on the field (1,376 yards, eight TD, three INT, 54.7 completion pct).	Has NFL size to stand tall in the pocket and scan the entire field. Pocket passer who plays in pro-style attack. Good ball handler in play-action and has experience in rolling out in both directions. Possesses an NFL arm that can make all the throws. Able to generate ample velocity with flick of a wrist when rushed. Able to get rid of throw quickly when he sees a target break open. Defaults to throwing ball away before forcing a dangerous throw.
								Statue in the pocket. Very slow in his five-step drops and in play-action. Has minimal escapability and has never been a threat with his legs. Rarely slides to safety or climbs the pocket when the edges of protection soften. Lacks poise in the face of pressure. Turtles rather than fighting through pressure to find a receiver. Ball placement inconsistent on crossing routes and field-side comebacks. Struggles to find a rhythm due to a lack of functional accuracy. Averaged less than six yards per attempt over two seasons at Illinois.
							
2017	Will Holden	2558084	OT	Vanderbilt	NA	Operates with adequate body control at the point of attack and in space. Efficient in his movement. Climbs to the second level and is patient before engaging. Has power in his push and can be an effective drive blocker in the running game. Technician who plays with good fundamentals to counter his athletic limitations. Very good core strength with an ability to anchor after an early bull rush. Can lock down pass rushers with his grip strength.
								Has some quickness limitations that will likely necessitate a move to the right side. Has short arms which affects his ability to re-direct pass rushers around the pocket once they get to his edge. Plays with relatively heavy feet and will struggle to mirror in space. Reach blocks and shutting down stunts will be challenging. Simply doesn't have enough gain in his kick slide to handle edge speed. Had trouble shutting down tackle/end twists.
							
2017	Zach Terrell	2558085	QB	Western Michigan	Terrell and Broncos head coach P.J. Fleck helped "row the boat" to a MAC championship and 13-1 season, giving the school unprecedented exposure and success. He was a second-team All-MAC pick in 2016, completing a healthy 69.8 percent of his passes (third in the FBS) for 3,533 yards and 33 scores against just four interceptions. Terrell and Fleck led the team to their first-ever bowl win in 2015, as he was a third-team all-conference pick (3,443 yards, 29 TD, nine INT, 67.0 completion pct). He tried to get the win in a bowl game the year before (297 yards, 3 TD vs Air Force in the Potato Bowl), but had to settle for second-team All-MAC honors and leading the conference in completion percentage (67.9, 3.443 yards, 26 TD, 10 INT). Terrell took the reins of the Broncos' offense during his freshman season, starting six times (1,602 yards, eight TD, eight INT, 53.0 completion pct.)	Production and consistency are right down the middle of the fairway over the last three years. Recognizes when to make touch throws and is able to feather passes in over the top of defenders. Plus accuracy on short and intermediate throws. Throws with good ball placement. Gives Corey Davis every chance to make a play on deep balls. Is not prone to considering dangerous throws. Stays within himself and accentuates his strength. Has toughness to take the big shot and come back to make plays.
								Below average height, weight and strength for an NFL quarterback. Upper body is a little busy in his set-up and release. His release contains too much wasted motion. Unable to make all of the NFL throws. Drive throws will dive. Has to put additional air on field-side throws that could turn into interceptions as a pro. Needs to throw with better anticipation. Prone to fumbles with seven this season. Benefitted from QB-friendly scheme and dominant lead receiver.
							
2017	Kareem Are	2558086	OG	Florida St.	Are grew up a New York kid, and went the junior college route before coming to Tallahassee. He was the top junior college guard in the country coming out of Fort Scott Community College, where he was all-region and all-conference both seasons. Are redshirted in his first year with FSU as the team's depth allowed him that opportunity. He played in every game in 2015, starting eight at the left guard spot. Injuries cost him time in 2016, however, as he missed the three games with concussion symptoms. He managed to start nine games, though, at left guard, receiving second-team All-ACC honors from both league coaches and media.	Has the overall mass and length that will appeal to NFL offensive line coaches. Hands take a direct track to opponent's frame when he punches. Has some pop at the end of his punch. Battles hard to stay connected with his blocks on the move. Adequate ability to pull and make contact in space. Very effective with his cut blocks.
								Sloppy body is carrying too much bad weight. Slow out of his stance and into lateral movement. Can't get reach blocks secured. Waist-bender whose weight is always way too far out in front. Leads with his head and feet stay way behind the action. Lacks reactive quickness to handle sudden redirection. Slow to locate twists and stunts headed his direction. Has issues anchoring against bull-rushers.
							
2017	Erik Austell	2558087	OT	Charleston Southern	Despite starring on the defensive line in high school and starting his career on that side of the ball for the Buccaneers, Austell's move to left tackle before the 2013 season will likely prove to be a lucrative one. He started 12 games there that season, and eight of 10 games played as a redshirt sophomore. He missed the end of his junior year with an injury, but still managed to win first-team All-Big South notice in his nine starts. The Georgia native gained national recognition as an Associated Press FCS All-American in 2016, as well as repeating as a first-team all-conference selection for his play on the blind side.	Very athletic. Plays with excellent lateral quickness. Takes effective angles on play-side, back-side and combination blocks. Has excellent timing on his work-up blocks to the second level. Has the foot quickness to mirror in space and make the necessary adjustments to land on his targets. Flexible and agile with cut blocking talent that would make Alex Gibbs happy. Displays adequate contact balance. Has good awareness pre-snap and post. Sees blitzes and responds. Always understands his assignment in the running game. Has footwork to maintain positioning in front of pass rusher.

								Played a much lower level of competition. Appears unable to unlock his hips and release lower-body power. Struggles to drive block and generate movement. Has short arms and small hands and rarely owns the opponent's frame with his initial punch. Hands lack the strength to snatch and secure his blocks. May not be built for block sustaining. Could struggle to carry functional NFL weight and mass. Uses wide hands in pass pro that can turn into huggers if he feels his anchor is threatened. Bull-rushers could be a substantial problem for him with a move inside. 
							
2017	Tony Bridges	2558088	CB	Mississippi	Bridges was one of the top junior college prospects in the nation coming out of Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College after intercepting three passes and breaking up nine others in 2014. Originally, he committed to Auburn but eventually flipped to Ole Miss to be part of the Rebels. He was a strong contributor as a junior, starting 11 times including a two-tackle, three pass breakup effort against Oklahoma State in the Sugar Bowl (36 tackles, two TFL, nine PBU on the year). Bridges' senior year was not as productive as he would have hoped, as he started just six games (23 tackles, two TFL, four PBU.)	NA	NA
2017	DeAngelo Brown	2558089	DT	Louisville	Louisville's defense had a lot of talent on the edge in 2016, but the team's leader in tackles for loss (14) was Brown, the team's nose tackle and one of the strongest players in college football (40 reps of 225 pounds). He was a third-team All-ACC pick on the season (41 tackles, three sacks). The Georgia native caught scouts' eyes as a junior, as he started all 13 games and racked up 40 tackles, 6.5 for loss, and 1.5 sacks. Brown's early career had some setbacks, however. He played in seven games as a freshman (10 tackles, one TFL) but missed the 2013 season after suffering a torn Achilles in summer workouts. Brown returned the following year, starting four games and showing promise of what was to come (20 tackles, two TFL, 1.5 sacks).	Carries a big, thick lower body. Will flash some power at the point of attack when his pad level is right. Good arm length and can punch and press blockers off of his frame. Has adequate hand quickness. Uses arm-over as pet move to get into backfield. Was able to win and make plays in the backfield once he got to the center's edge. Had enough conditioning to play relatively high snap count for a nose.
								Not much explosion out of his stance. Fails to control the neutral zone with quickness. Stiff in his lower body. Allows pad level to rise and can be knocked off-balance in his charge forward. Can be heavy-legged in pursuit. Instincts are below average and fails to work ahead of reach blocks and gets walled off. Doesn't get sink and squat into the A-gaps as a run-stuffer. Unlikely to see the field on rush downs.
							
2017	Richie Brown	2558090	LB	Mississippi St.	Displaced from his home in Long Beach, Mississippi due to Hurricane Katrina, Brown and his family stayed in Florida for a few months before returning home. He excelled in high school for Long Beach, earning Parade All-American notice as the Mississippi 5A Defensive Player of the Year. Staying in-state to play for the Bulldogs, Brown redshirted in 2012 and was a key reserve on defense in 2013 (38 tackles, three TFL, two sacks, five pass break-ups) and 2014 (50 tackles, TFL, three interceptions -- all vs Texas A&M). Brown took over the starting Mike job in 2015 (after marrying former MSU softball player Erin Nesbit), leading the team with 109 tackles (13 for loss) and 6.5 sacks. He led the team again in tackles with 102 (four TFL, 1.5 sacks) in 2016.	Considered a leader on the field. Productive, two-year starter in physical SEC West. Able to maintain patience and technique when flowing to the ball. Scrapes with square shoulders and maintains his run fits. Plays with alert eyes against the run. Good recognition of misdirection and responds to ball rather than always relying on keys. Can rack up the tackles when he stays clean. Has fluid hips to drop and change direction in coverage. Plays with good awareness and shadows quarterback's eyes. Has 14 career passes defensed including five interceptions. Offers special teams cover value.
								Below average functional strength. Plays light and can be engulfed by size. Lacks power in his base to hold his ground at point of attack. Offers very little pop when taking on lead blockers. Blockers are able to turn him out of his gap responsibility in run game. Has slight delay in response time against perimeter runs. Unable to consistently race ahead of climbing offensive linemen. Doesn't have the play strength for hasty disengagement when linemen get hands on him. Lacks explosiveness to play a commanding brand of football.
							
2017	Noah Brown	2558091	WR	Ohio St.	Brown's 2016 season was widely anticipated in league circles because of his potential as a big-play receiver. In Ohio State's September win in Oklahoma, he showed great promise as a red-zone threat, with four of his five catches (72 total yards) going for touchdowns. Though he wasn't utilized nearly as much through the rest of the year, Brown was a 12-game starter and honorable mention All-Big Ten pick this year for league coaches and media (32-402, seven TDs). The reason many people were expecting great things in 2016 was because word leaked up about his excelling in 2015 preseason camp before suffering a broken leg during practice. The New Jersey all-state pick played in 13 games (just one catch for nine yards) as a true freshman in the Buckeyes' national championship season of 2014, lining up at receiver, H-back, and on special teams. 	Big receiver who plays like it. Wide frame shields defenders and maintains a catch window. Willing and able to work through traffic and can stomach collisions to secure the catch. Strong hands pluck and secure low throws and balls that sail. Uses size and strength to bully cornerbacks at top of his route when working in the end zone. Physical, fall-forward runner after catch with an effective stiff-arm to stuff tacklers. Gives as good as he gets when facing physical press corners. Able to fight through route re-direction and maintain the timing of his route. Plays the game like a battering ram at times. Committed blocker who looks to cave-in his crack blocks. Able to sustain his block and spring a run for additional yardage.
								Lacks desired experience thanks to age, injury, and depth at the position over the years. Targeted just 52 times with 33 catches during his career. Short strider with below average burst off the line. Cornerbacks do not appear to fear his deep speed. Has just six catches over 20 yards. Raw route runner lacking sink and sharpness into and out of his breaks. Gives away route breaks with early deceleration. Struggles to gain anything more than functional separation against man coverage. Likely to be tasked with making contested catches as a possession receiver for entire career. Inconsistent finisher on contested catches.
							
2017	Austin Calitro	2558092	LB	Villanova	Playing with one of the top prospects outside of the FBS in defensive end Tanoh Kpassagnon helped Calitro get noticed for his talents, as well. After biding his time as a reserve for two-plus seasons (11 tackles as a redshirt freshman), the former all-state pick from Connecticut got into the starting line-up at the end of his 2014 season (33 tackles, 2.5 for loss). Calitro was ready for prime-time as a junior, earning third-team All-CAA notice by leading the Wildcats with 90 tackles (11.5 for loss, 4.5 sacks) and three forced fumbles. League coaches named him first-team all-conference this fall (86 tackles, 12 for loss, 3.5 sacks, four pass break-ups.)	NA	NA
2017	Austin Carr	2558093	WR	Northwestern	While the 2016 Big Ten Receiver of the Year displays plenty of talent on the field, he also had the musical chops to win the school's Student-Athlete Talent Show in 2013. At that point in his football career, he was searching for a position. He redshirted as a preferred walk-on in 2012 and then didn't see the field the following season as he moved from running back to wide receiver. Carr got on the field a bit in 2014 (7-100) and then contributed enough as a junior (16-302, two TD) to receive a scholarship. His play took off as a senior, receiving first-team All-Big 12 honors in addition to the aforementioned receiver award as he snatched 90 throws for 1,247 yards and 12 scores.	Highly competitive. Former walk-on with very good work ethic and confidence. Plays with toughness. Willing to make his mark over middle of the field. Extremely focused when ball is in the air. Snatches the ball out in front of his frame with strong hands. "Touch it, catch it" target. Able to make the combat catches in traffic. Shows ability to drop feet in bounds to secure last-second catch on sideline. Routes are run with consistent pace and rarely gives defensive backs a snap off. Uses good positioning and leverage in his routes. Finds optimal space in zones when working underneath. Effort stalk blocker who latches with inside hands and attempts to sustain in space.
								Doesn't show enough sink into his breaks for sharp, angular cuts in his routes. Effort player who lacks plus athleticism and quick twitch. Process of slowing into top of route and opening to quarterback is slightly prolonged giving defenders a chance to match. Missing light feet and acceleration to uncover out of route breaks. Will sit and wait on throws rather than working back to them aggressively. Below average creativity as run-after-catch option. Not an NFL-caliber vertical threat. Will have to prove he can shake free from press and uncover against tight man.
							
2017	Zach Cunningham	2558094	LB	Vanderbilt	Alabama may have overlooked Cunningham in the recruiting process due to his lean frame (he had 194 tackles, 41 for loss, 12 sacks as the state's 5A Lineman of the Year in 2012), but NFL scouts won't. He started the final five games of the year for the Commodores as a redshirt freshman (67 tackles, 6.5 TFL, 1.5), and then starting the final nine in 2015, eventually leading the team in tackles for loss (16.5) and forced fumbles (four) in a first-team All-SEC effort. Cunningham led Vandy with 125 tackles in another first-team all-conference season, with 16.5 tackles for loss. He also garnered first-team Associated Press All-American honors as a junior, proving his explosion on the national college football scene.	Play-making machine. Plays on a downhill tilt and is always looking to draw first blood. Fast to see it, process and respond. Creates tackles for losses by shooting gaps at appropriate angles. Has a good feel for blockers and uses varied speeds and subtle upper body turns to avoid blockers on second level. Quick in his lateral scrape and races ahead of blockers. Keeps play-side shoulder uncovered when flowing to the ball. Football magnet with outstanding tackle production and ability to create and recover turnovers. Rangy long strider with instincts and play speed to carry him from sideline to sideline in search of the ball. Has extended tackle radius. Durable and reliable. Has the athleticism and awareness to handle man coverage responsibilities against running backs and tight ends. Quick to trigger on throws from zone and limit yards after catch.
								Angular build with high waist and skinny legs. Lack of power in his lower body creates issues with contact balance for him. Plays behind his shoulder rather than behind his hands in take-on situations. Can get entangled against size and slow to disengage. Doesn't have play strength to fight past angle blocks once they land. Will need to work to keep shoulders squared in his attack. Leveraging his gap and standing his ground could be a challenge. Not a banger or a bend-and-strike finisher. Tends to attack ball carriers up high rather than down low and will slide off of too many would-be tackles.
							
2017	Malachi Dupre	2558095	WR	LSU	Malachi Dupre (Mal-uh-kye Doo-pree) was not voted first or second-team all-conference during his career, and has not ranked among the more prolific receivers in the country due to the Tigers' inconsistent quarterback play. Dupre actually led LSU in receptions and receiving yards each of the past two seasons, even though his statistics aren't extraordinary (43-698, six TDs in 2015; 41-593, three TDs in 2016). The former five-star prospect and high school state champion triple, long, and high-jumper from New Orleans was voted to the SEC's All-Freshman team in 2014, however, by averaging 22.7 yards per reception (14-318, five TDs).	Has desired size and athletic ability. Experienced at multiple receiver spots. More talented than production would dictate. Tracks the deep throws like an outfielder and can adjust catch positioning without taking his eye off the ball. Consistently solid catch rate throughout his career. Adjusts to low throws and balls behind him to make the catch. Looks to turn it up the field quickly after the catch. Dips low and drives through cornerbacks while stretching for additional yardage. Small sample size during freshman season gave hints of his downfield potential.
								Lacks upfield juice into his routes. Vertical push doesn't appear to threaten cornerbacks. Needs to play faster off the snap. Slow to sink and open on curls. Needs a greater commitment to nuances of route-running in order to improve his separation. Tends to tip his hand early allowing cornerbacks to match his patterns. Stalk-blocker with marginal aggression and sustain after initial contact.
							
2017	Jamal Carter	2558096	S	Miami	Being one of the top safety recruits in the country out of Miami's Southridge High School, it was natural for him to sign with the Hurricanes. Depth in the secondary caused him to be a bit player in his first two years (six tackles in 2013; two starts, 26 tackles, five pass breakups as a sophomore). Carter only started once in 2015, as well, but he played regularly enough for scouts to see his athleticism and physicality (49 tackles, INT, two PBU). In 2016, he was the full-time starter, leading Miami with 85 tackles on the year (also three pass breakups).	Has the muscular, well-proportioned build to draw oohs and aahs off the bus. Checks all the physical boxes scouts want checked. Plus athleticism with top speed to range over the top. Usually found at high safety, but has ability to cover tight ends if asked. Able to click accelerator and fire into top gear quickly. Isn't shy. Can land a heavy blow as a tackler when he's in position. Offers early special teams help.
								Instincts are below average. Slow to respond to what he sees. Hesitation allows for throwing windows in the seam and over the top. Makes way too few plays on the ball. Too easily manipulated by quarterbacks. Majority of tackles happened down the field. Slow to diagnose run and race downhill to help. Tape shows mental busts that lead to big plays for opponents.
							
2017	Ukeme Eligwe	2558097	LB	Georgia Southern	Ukeme Eligwe (pronounced ew-KIM-ay ee-LEEG-way) was a top-100 recruit from Georgia when he signed with Florida State in 2012. As a redshirt freshman, he helped the Seminoles win a national championship by tying for the team lead with 10 special teams tackles (28 total for the year, three TFL). He suffered an injury early in 2014, however, and then was dismissed from the program later in the year for violating team rules. Eligwe sat out the following year transferring to Georgia Southern. The NCAA granted him a sixth year of eligibility, but he chose not to use it after putting together an honorable mention All-Sun Belt season last fall (team-leading 104 tackles, 9.5 for loss, 2.5 sacks, three forced fumbles). 	NA	NA
2017	Jeremy Cutrer	2558098	CB	Middle Tennessee St.	Cutrer committed to LSU coming out of high school but ended up at Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College. He played offense and defense there in 2013-2014 before moving on to Murfreesboro, where his athleticism shined at cornerback. He was a second-team All-Conference USA selection in 2015 (31 tackles, three interceptions, 13 pass breakups, two blocked kicks) despite missing two games with an ankle injury. Cutrer excelled as scouts watched in his senior year, making 64 tackles, 4.5 for loss, breaking up 10 passes and picking off three others on his way to first-team all-conference honors.	NA	NA
2017	Jerod Evans	2558099	QB	Virginia Tech	Evans was one of the top five junior college recruits in the country after a 2015 campaign where he averaged 395.5 passing yards a game and threw for 38 touchdowns. He turned down Texas A&M, waiting for just the right offer. Tech was that place, and he started all 14 games in his only season in Blacksburg, completing 63.5 percent of his passes for 3,546 yards and 29 touchdowns against just eight interceptions. Evans also looked the part of a dual-threat passer with 846 rush yards and 12 scores on the ground. He actually began his career at Air Force in 2013, but suffered a torn ACL and decided to transfer to Trinity Valley instead of sticking it out at the academy. Evans threw to his brother, Lance, quite often in high school. Lance was a first-team All-Lone Star Conference pick with Texas A&M-Commerce in 2016.	NA	NA
2017	Treston Decoud	2558100	CB	Oregon St.	The cousin of former Cal and NFL safety Thomas Decoud had a rougher road on his way to college football notoriety. He didn't have the academic scores to go to a FBS program out of high school, so he signed with Division II Chadron State (Nebraska). He played in 10 ten games as a redshirt freshman (four tackles) in 2013 but decided to move closer to home after his mother was diagnosed with breast cancer. He intended to play at Nicholls State, but could not get eligibility there, so he played at Northwest Mississippi Community College -- where he was a first-team All-American after picking off six passes on the year. Decoud started nine games in his first year with the Beavers (50 tackles, five pass breakups) though he missed two with a concussion. One of the bright spots on a 4-8 team in 2016, the tall cover man was an honorable mention All-Pac-12 selection with 58 tackles, two interceptions and 10 pass break-ups.	Has outstanding size with long arms. Recognizes misdirection and plays with decent football instincts. Patient feet from press coverage. Can be physical through the route. Quick to body up and crowd an outside release against the sideline. Experienced in a variety of coverage. Held talented Cal wideout, Chad Hansen, to just four catches for sixteen yards. Eyeballs quarterback from zone and has good response time relative to quarterback's release. Aggressive tackler who steps downhill looking to finish in run support. Works off of blocks and into tackle position. Drives into his target, wraps, and tackles.
								Gets behind early when pressing receivers with release quickness off the snap. Backpedals from a narrow base with labored feet. Will lose some balance and body control when forced to transition against in-breaking routes. Takes way too many false steps when attempting to sink and trigger on the throw from his pedal. Doesn't have the sudden closing burst to defend what he sees in coverage. Had just two interceptions (both in one game) over 104 targets. Play speed is slightly below average. Unable to squeeze routes enough to make quarterbacks uncomfortable from off-man.
							
2017	Gehrig Dieter	2558101	WR	Alabama	Dieter is, in fact, named after New York Yankees great Lou Gehrig. Two of his brothers, Thurman (Munson) and Nolan (Ryan), were also named after baseball players. His future is in football, however, as he showed during his productive college career. That career had three stops; first, he suited up at SMU for the 2012 season (three starts, 10-168, one TD). After his receiver coach left the Mustangs, Dieter transferred closer to his South Bend home to Bowling Green, redshirting the fall of 2013. He started six games as a sophomore (35-460, one TD) for the Falcons before hitting the big time. Dieter was a second-team All-MAC pick and ranked ninth in the FBS with 94 receptions for 1,033 yards and 10 TD. Dieter had a chance to transfer as a graduate student for his final year of eligibility, and Alabama came calling. He started 10 games for the Tide in their national championship runner-up season (15-214, four TD).	Good height with a frame that can carry more weight. Tape from Bowling Green was substantially better. Showed off impressive hand-eye coordination and focus. Drives back to the ball and snatches it away from his frame. Has ability to torment cornerbacks on fade routes. Delays attempt to reach for lobs to prevent cornerbacks from reading his eyes. Tape shows hand strength to make the circus catches. Body control and balance are generally good. Competitive runner after the catch. Willing blocker who works behind his frame. Squares up defenders and strikes with good snap on his punch. Snatches and rides to help soften edge for running backs.
								Time speed is below average and play speed looked even slower this year. Appeared to lack confidence. Hands went from good to bad in one season. Struggled with focus drops and finishing contested catches. Need scheme to open him up and struggled to uncover against man coverage all season. Route strength doesn't match his size. Slowed badly by contact inside his routes and rarely displayed ability to adjust routes. Routes are dull and rounded. Lacks acceleration out of break points. Failed to produce at expected levels this year.
							
2017	Hunter Dimick	2558102	DE	Utah	Dimick led the state of Utah in sacks as a high school junior and senior, so it's no surprise he's managed to chase quarterbacks in the Pac-12, as well. He started four games as a redshirt freshman and was credited with two sacks among his 30 tackles. Dimick stood up in 2014, earning honorable mention notice with 52 tackles, 14.5 for loss and ten sacks even though he missed two games due to injury. He injured his shoulder in 2015, missing six games (14 tackles, seven TFL, three sacks in seven games) but bounced back with a huge senior year. Dimick finished third in the country with 14.5 sacks, and among the national leaders with 20 tackles for loss. He was a first-team All-Pac-12 selection for his efforts.	Produced at a high level over his last three seasons. Has power that allows him to drop anchor and set a strong edge. Held his own at point of attack against USC's Zach Banner who outweighed Dimick by about 90 pounds. Plays with good balance and maintains body control throughout the rep allowing for functional change of direction. Possesses a quick spin move to disengage from blocks. Gets into defender's frame early with his hands. Keeps his engine running throughout the play. Won't quit on the play if initial rush gets stalled. Uses choppy, active feet to juke and dart to the blocker's edge when he can. Does a good job of stuffing cut attempts while keeping his eyes in the backfield. Extremely intelligent with an ability to operate in more complicated schemes.
								Has physical deficiencies that will be a turn-off to most teams. Barrel-chested with thin, smooth calves. Arm length measured at sub 30 inches this spring, which is exceptionally short. Hips are wound too tightly to get out of the starter's blocks with much juice. Short-stepper up the pass rush arc. Tackles have time to meet him at the edge. Face-up rusher who is unable to flip hips around the edge and has to rely on a full body turn. Not a natural bender. Pad level will rise too tall when he's on the move. Lacks agility and lateral quickness to avoid being reached by blockers. Won't be a dynamic stack-and-shed playmaker at the point of attack on next level.
							
2017	Tyquwan Glass	2558103	CB	Fresno St.	This three-sport high school athlete started his career at Mount San Antonio Junior College in California before heading to Fresno the past two seasons. He was a two-year starter there, intercepting seven passes and breaking up 14 others in his sophomore season. Glass made himself known to Bulldogs fans in 2015, leading the team with four interceptions despite just eight starts (62 tackles, 1.5 TFL, six PBU). Though he was left off the Mountain West all-conference teams in 2016, scouts noticed his coverage skills and toughness as he led FSU with 11 passes defensed (two INT, 9 PBU).	Keeps eyes trained on quarterback from his backpedal in off-coverage. Has decent footwork to match route breaks from backpedal. Confident working off the ball in man or zone. Plays the catch point roughly. Active hands claw and scrape at the ball with well-timed aggressiveness. Finished with 21 passes defensed in 87 targets over two seasons as starter. Willing to step downhill once he diagnoses run. Throws cross-body blocks at the thighs of big running backs to bring them down. Loves to wallop ball carriers with a stiff forearm shiver when he gets the chance. Has kick and punt return experience.
								Has hip tightness causing delays in his transitions. Struggles to open up and accelerate without giving up additional separation on vertical routes. Long speed is below average. Allows too many catches in front of his face. Anticipation is below average and can be slow to read and break on three-step drops. Not enough heat behind his click-and-close. Will need to squeeze routes tighter in order to see an NFL field. Needs to sink into the chest of receivers to crowd their catch-radius when tracking the deep ball. More of a hitter than tackler.
							
2017	Randall Goforth	2558104	S	UCLA	The Long Beach product has been a productive and versatile performer in Westwood. Though he was recruited as a corner, his toughness translated to a starting spot at safety as a true freshman due to shuffling on the depth chart (39 tackles, one interception, three pass breakups). Goforth started every game as a sophomore (78 tackles, three INT, four PBU, three forced fumbles) and probably would have the following year as well if not for a shoulder injury (he's had surgery on both shoulders) that happened in the second game of the season. Goforth returned with a vengeance in 2015, starting every game, two at cornerback, and earning second-team All-Pac-12 recognition (70 tackles, two INT, six PBU). Once again he was an honorable mention all-conference selection in 2016 after leading the Bruins with 13 passes defensed (four INT, nine PBU, 57 tackles, three for loss).	NA	NA
2017	Chris  Godwin	2558105	WR	Penn St.	The Delaware Gatorade High School Player of the Year in 2013 (state-record 18 touchdowns as a senior, 15 career return touchdowns) has helped Penn State make national headlines for the right reasons over the past three years. Rod Christopher Godwin contributed immediately for the Nittany Lions, starting three games (25-321, two TDs). He had a breakout sophomore season, earning third-team All-Big Ten honors with 69 catches for 1,101 yards and five scores. Though some of his receiving numbers were down in an honorable mention all-conference junior year (59-982), Godwin scored a career-high 11 times. He saved the best performances in his career for bowl games, first as a freshman (7-140, TD vs. Boston College in Pinstripe Bowl), then in 2015 (6-133 vs. Georgia in TaxSlayer.com Bowl) and finally in his last college game (9-187, 2 TDs vs. USC in the Rose Bowl). 	NA	NA
2017	Ralph Green III	2558106	DT	Indiana	Green made the journey from San Antonio, Texas to Bloomington, Indiana for college. After a redshirt season, he started nine of 12 games, making 25 tackles, 4.5 for loss, and one sack in 2013. Green had a lesser role as a sophomore (no starts, 19 tackles, 4.5 TFL, sack) and junior (three starts, 17 tackles, 3.5 TFL, 1.5 sacks), though he played significant minutes. Green had an off-field incident before his junior year where he allegedly slapped a woman for not dancing with him at a bar; he received community service and probation for the offense. He returned to a prominent force in his senior year, earning honorable mention All-Big Ten honors with 31 tackles, 8.5 for loss, and a sack.	Possesses decent length with good overall size on his frame. Gets up the field with initial quickness and can be disruptive against zone plays. Has experience at both the 3- and 5-techniques. Has the size and length to potentially fit as a 3-4 defensive end. Has power in his upper body to punch and press blockers off his frame. Shows an ability to anchor and stuff double teams when he has his feet set and pad level right. Uses effective arm-over move to swim into backfield and create tackles for loss.
								Works upright and without desired knee bend at point of attack. Somewhat leggy for an interior defender and ends up on ground too often. Allows base to get too narrow when working laterally. Elevated pad level creates issues with contact balance when redirected. Marginal tackle and sack production. Finished with just 4.5 sacks in four years. Doesn't have the feet or overall quickness to outwork blocker around the edge as rusher. Initial rush plan can stall very quickly. Had four offsides penalties this season.
							
2017	Jermaine Grace	2558107	LB	Miami	Miami's leading tackler in 2015 did not get to finish his career with the Hurricanes in 2016, as he was dismissed with teammate Al-Quadin Muhammad after breaking NCAA rules through their dealings with an exotic car rental agency. He did graduate, as Miami allowed him to stay on scholarship in the fall, then decided to leave for the NFL instead of attempting to be reinstated. Grace started his career as a special teams player in 2013 (eight tackles) and then was an oft-used back-up linebacker as a sophomore (60 tackles, 6.5 for loss, three sacks). He was the 'Canes top linebacker as a junior, racking up 79 tackles, six for loss, two sacks, and five pass break-ups.	Good athletic ability. Can mirror running backs along their track and redirect himself when it's time to change directions. Fluid with the play speed to chase from sideline to sideline and make tackles down the field. Looks for opportunities to play downhill. Plays with patience, but will race into a gap when he gets a chance. Tackles with a wide base and strikes from his hips into a wrap-up tackle. Has stronger base than expected for his size. Lands first with his hands. Uses quick punch and extension to keep from being engulfed by size. Has upper body strength to shed blockers and look for the ball. Has quickness and agility to cover man-to-man in space. Had nine special teams tackles as a sophomore.
								Built like a safety with a thin waist and an angular frame. Unlikely to carry desired weight for the position as a pro. Will misread his keys and get taken out of position by misdirection. Instincts are average and he can be a little slow to diagnose and chase. Finds himself engaged in blocks that he should be able to race in front of. Gets shoulders turned in his lateral pursuit and can be washed down and out of the play in space. Needs to play with better knee bend to maintain his leverage as a hitter. Missed all of 2016 after being dismissed from the team for improper benefit violations.
							
2017	Nate Hairston	2558108	CB	Temple	Hairston didn't have much luck finding playing time at receiver his first three years with the Owls, but a change to cornerback his junior year may help him earn a spot in the NFL. He played in eight games as a redshirt freshman, missing four with an ankle injury, catching seven passes for 62 yards. His production was only slightly better in 2014 (13-88 in seven games) before the team switched him to defense. In 2015, he played in all 13 games at cornerback, starting two (11 tackles, one pass breakup). Hairston took the reins of the position as a senior, intercepting two passes and breaking up three others while making 27 tackles, three for loss.	Has good size and well-built lower body. Built like a more physical player and lives up to it. Competes hard when the ball heads his way. Will knife in at full-speed when he reads hitch or wide receiver screen. Quick to shuck and attack in run support. Former wide receiver at Temple who plays with fluid movement in space. Loose hips allow for smooth transitions in matching patterns and longer strides in space. Has adequate foot quickness and twitch. Plays with a good feel for coverage responsibilities. Diligent to protect against speed and is rarely beaten over the top.
								Only one season as a full-time starter. Targeted just 36 times in college with only six passes defensed. Man cover skills are work in progress. Footwork can be a little uneven in his backpedal and transitions. Will panic and face guard rather than finding the ball when he gets beat over the top. Protected somewhat by cover-2 and cover-3 looks. Needs more man experience. Scouts question his long speed. Leaves an excessive buffer in his bail technique leading to easy completions underneath.
							
2017	Karel Hamilton	2558109	WR	Samford	There's been no stopping Hamilton since he arrived at Samford University as an all-state pick from Valrico, Florida. He was a Southern Conference All-Freshman team pick in 2013 after starting 10 games and making 38 receptions for 657 yards and seven touchdowns. Hamilton picked up his first of three straight first-team All-SoCon honors in 2014 (55-877, six TD), and had similar production in his junior year (75-880, four TD receiving; 5-179, TD on kickoff returns). His game exploded in 2016, however, as he garnered first-team Associated Press All-American notice by ranking second in the FCS with 111 receptions and 126.3 receiving yards per game (1,389 total). Hamilton also scored 14 times on the year, and set school records for receptions and receiving yards.	Dips shoulder to sink under redirect attempts early in the route. Uses frame to create space at the top of his routes. Does a nice job of shielding cornerbacks from the throw and is able to secure contested catches. Works back to his quarterback. Generally a hands-catcher but will body it in traffic. Athletic in mid-air with ability to make difficult adjustments to the throw. Plus ball tracking skills. Finds the ball early and can adjust path to the ball accordingly.
								Shows tendency to wait on deep balls rather than attacking at high points. Play speed is below average. Marginal speed into his routes and cornerbacks can squat on his underneath work. Herky-jerky into his breaks with flailing arms and busy lower body. Below average separation quickness out of routes. Hard to find his burst gear on tape. Lack of release quickness is likely to get him hung up by press corners on next level. Average after the catch.
							
2017	Derek Griffin	2558110	WR	Texas Southern	Griffin was an elite dual-sport athlete from Texas who signed with Miami to play football and basketball for the Hurricanes. Unfortunately, he could not gain academic eligibility for two years after high school, until finally being able to suit up at Texas Southern on the gridiron and hardwood. Griffin was successful on both, earning second-team All-SWAC honors in football (36-709, 11 TDs) and starring for the Tigers' hoops team in 2015-2016 (13.3 points, 11 rebounds, 2.3 blocks per game). However, two games (7-115, TDs) into his second season with TSU he was dismissed from the program for not meeting team requirements. Griffin was eligible to play basketball, but decided to focus on going to the NFL instead.	Highly-touted prospect coming out of high school in both football and basketball. Has rare size with basketball agility. SWAC Player of the Year in men's basketball in 2015. Overall length combined with leaping ability gives him an enormous advantage near goal line. Long strider with build-up speed and a second gear when the ball is in the air. Showed some ability to work underneath on slants and digs.
								Scouts say basketball is way ahead of football as his first love. Considered unreliable by coaching staff. Suspended multiple times and kicked off TSU football team for violations. Gangly frame lacks playing strength. Can be redirected and jostled inside his route. Limited speed into his routes. Has to prove he can defeat press coverage. Defaults to body catches. Effort level is below average as run blocker.
							
2017	Treyvon Hester	2558111	DT	Toledo	After a junior year where he failed to make an all-conference squad for the first time in his career (34 tackles, 6.5 for loss, 2.5 sacks), Hester decided to lose 20 pounds to regain some quickness. The result was an excellent senior campaign (39 tackles, eight for loss, team-leading five sacks) that landed him on the all-MAC second team as voted on by league coaches. Hester's redshirt freshman season got him third-team all-conference notice, as he started nine games, made 39 stops, 7.5 behind the line, and 3.5 sacks. He then earned second-team All-MAC honors as a sophomore with career highs in tackles (49), tackles for loss (9.5) and quarterback pressures (10).	Has decent power at the point of attack. Fairly athletic. Shows an ability to shed quickly to make tackles. Good reactive quickness allows for sudden shifts to make tackles against running backs trying to dart through gaps nearby. Highly instinctive. Keys on his man pulling and will work around the down-block coming his way to scrape and follow the play. Initial quickness laterally is solid. Effective arm over frees him from a block on his edge. Has very active hands as a rusher. Swipes and chops consistently at blocker's punch to try and keep himself clean. Able to maneuver around pass blocks if he gets an early advantage.
								Plays too straight-legged. Base is often way too narrow in his operation. Plays with inconsistent pad level. Shows issues with contact balance when he's playing too tall. Inconsistent get-off into the neutral zone. Will drop head into his initial contact and lose sight of the ball at times. Motor will fizzle out the longer a rep lasts. Pursuit effort can run hot and cold. Effort rusher who may not have the skill level to play on pass downs.
							
2017	Brian Hill	2558112	RB	Wyoming	Growing up in a St. Louis suburb, Hill was pushed into football by his mother, who wanted him to have an after-school activity to stay out of trouble. She paid him five dollars for every touchdown or sack to keep him motivated. Now he's looking for NFL money after three successful seasons with the Cowboys. He started four games as a true freshman (796 yards, seven scores rushing; 13-204 receiving), becoming the fifth FBS player ever with 200 rushing yards and 100 receiving yards in the same game (Fresno State, 387 total yards). Hill was a second-team all-conference pick in 2015, finishing eighth in the FBS with 135.9 rushing yards a game (281-1,631, six TDs rushing; 20-132 receiving). The load became even higher in his junior, as he carried the ball 349 times for 1,860 yards (ranked third in the FBS) and 22 touchdowns (fourth) in 14 games on his way to first-team All-Mountain West honors.	Has size of an every-down NFL back. Effort level runs high on each snap. Does a nice job of allowing lead blockers to usher him to perimeter freedom on sweeps. Confident and effective over tackles and around the end. Can crank it to top speed quickly once he turns the corner. Functional strength in lower body provides balance through contact. Legs rip through arm tackles. Runs with bend and leverages lead shoulder as blunt force into second-level tacklers. Has some lateral glide to slide away from tackle attempts and bounce it. Plays like it matters to him. Fumbled once in 349 carries in 2016. Understands protection responsibilities. Squares blitzers and gives vigorous effort as a blocker. 
								Inside runs can be a little heavy-footed and lack tempo. Not a naturally instinctive runner. Vision isn't as clear as you would like along interior. Runs with some hesitation between tackles and will drop his head and bull forward rather than continuing to probe with wide eyes. Needs better timing for burst-gear through the crease. Can get caught up in the muck. Could use better finesse with his feet and his elusiveness is slightly below average. Is always in a rush and tends to crowd his blockers while they are trying to work. Heavy two-year workload included 630 carries. 
							
2017	Elijah Hood	2558113	RB	North Carolina	Hood was a man among boys as a high school running back in Charlotte, running for over 3,000 yards in both his junior and senior seasons. He graduated early to join the Tar Heels for spring practice in 2014, which resulted in his being able to contribute in his freshman year (67-259, four TDs) despite missing four games due to injury. Healthy in 2015, Hood ran roughshod over ACC competition, garnering second-team all-conference honors by racking up 1,463 yards and scoring 17 times on just 219 carries. He started 11 games in his junior year, garnering third-team All-ACC recognition, even though his carries were down (145-858s, eight TD; 25-142 receiving) as he shared them with T.J. Logan. He also missed two games, including the Sun Bowl, due to undisclosed medical reasons. Originally, Hood planned on returning to Chapel Hill for his senior year, but he reversed course closer to the declaration deadline.	Big and powerful with well-muscled build and huge traps. Decisive runner who lacks speed, but can get into his top gear early in his rep. Instinctive and will accelerates through contact with pretty good contact balance to keep runs alive. Shows ability to slash through arm tackles and is always looking to fall forward. Drives his feet through tackle attempts and is credited with 28 broken tackles over his last two seasons. Used in pass protection and as a lead blocker at times in Tar Heels running game. Throws an effective cut block in space. In pass pro, launches his weight into pass rushers and gives them something to think about. Functional pass catcher with above average hands and an ability to dig out the low throws.
								Lacks speed to live a life other than that of a grinder. Will be unable to get around the edge on a consistent basis against NFL linebackers. Slow to gather, cut and get back into the flow of the run. Early traffic in the backfield is his nemesis. Lacks the agility and elusiveness to be a creative back on the first and second levels. Needs a point of entry to be effective. Hammerhead style won't allow him to get skinny and bleed through the creases. Lacks subtle shifts to convert downhill, short yardage attempts.
							
2017	Roderick Johnson	2558114	OT	Florida St.	It appears Florida State has a tight grip on the ACC's award for the top offensive lineman. First, Cam Erving won the award in 2013 and 2014 before being picked in the first round of the 2015 NFL Draft by Cleveland. The past two years, Johnson has received the Jacobs Blocking Trophy from league coaches because of his work at left tackle for the Seminoles. The two-time first-team All-ACC pick has started every game on the blind side since midway through the 2014 season, when he garnered Freshman All-American honors for his play.	Exceptionally long with well-proportioned frame. Looks the part. Has telephone poles for arms. Unfurls his length and consistently jabs into defenders with maximum arm extension. Punch can be very disruptive for edge rushers who have to alter their rush plans. Plus power as a run blocker. Can finish with authority once he latches into the defender's frame and gets momentum churned up. Shows ability to make late adjustments in space. Gathers weight and focuses power into opponent at point of attack. Massive wingspan can buy him time to recover against sudden changes of direction. Plays with good awareness. Sees blitzers lurking and is ready to respond. Good transition speed to slide from his stance. Can snap and catch E/Ts. Plays with a very stiff outside hand in pass protection.
								High-cut waist bender and leaner who is constantly playing with his weight way out in front of his feet. Plays with an alarming lack of body control and balance. Weight is rarely centered. Big feet get tripped up too often. Pass slides lack proper base width and control. Allows his feet to cross over causing regrettable change of direction attempts against inside counters. Hands and feet are in disharmony and need to get synced. Straight-legged into contact. Always in a race to get to the edge in pass pro causing him to panic and lunge. Takes questionable angles when attempting to seal. Power seems to be an issue with redirect blocks. Has athletic traits but doesn't always manifest itself in play. Sluggish with lateral movement.
							
2017	Zack Johnson	2558115	OG	North Dakota St.	North Dakota State couldn't quite finish off a sixth straight FCS title in 2016, but that doesn't mean some of their players aren't potential NFL contributors. Johnson is a two-time Associated Press All-American (third team in 2015, first team in 2016) at left guard. He also was voted first-team All-Missouri Valley Football Conference in those seasons, even though he missed three games with an injury in 2015. In fact, Johnson missed the entire 2014 season after having knee surgery. The prior year, Johnson was a second-team All-MVFC pick after starting all 15 games at left guard. Even as a true freshman, coaches couldn't keep from him off the field, playing him in 13 games with one start.	Big and wide. Carries functional girth and power on his frame. Plays with good upper body strength and can hold his own as a base blocker matched against power. Aggressive at the point of attack. Can generate push as down blocker to widen out the rushing lane. Not considered a plus athlete, but plays with decent body control and balance throughout the rep. Appears to work around his limitations. Showed off ability to drop anchor against bull-rushers at the Shrine practices.
								Upright and stiff when asked to get out in space as a pull blocker. Struggles to find a point of leverage at impact due to his elevated pad level. Unable to make sudden redirections to land against moving targets in space. Phone booth worker who is unlikely to get to proper angles on the second level. Footwork can be ragged. Needs to do a better job of altering his blocks and picking up free linebackers on short pulls. Will lean a little in pass pro. Loses early arm extension due to a lack of arm length.
							
2017	Aaron Jones	2558116	RB	Texas-El Paso	Aaron and his twin brother, Alvin, were El Paso kids that weren't highly rated, so staying around home made sense. It's worked out well for UTEP, as Alvin has led the team in tackles the past two years while Aaron amassed over 4,000 rushing yards during his career. Aaron led the Miners with 811 yards as a freshman, scoring four times, even though he missed three games due to a broken rib. Healthy throughout 2014, he earned second-team All-Conference USA honors with 1,321 yards (5.5 per) and 11 scores (also 30-293, three TDs receiving). The good luck didn't stay in his junior year, however, as he suffered a torn ligament in his left ankle in practice. Jones exploded in 2016 after that redshirt year, ranking fourth in the FBS with 1,773 rushing yards and scoring 17 times (28-233, three TDs receiving). He was a first-team All-Conference USA pick in his final year.	NA	NA
2017	Jadar Johnson	2558117	S	Clemson	Jadar (pronounced juh-DAHR) Johnson was stuck behind veterans like Robert Smith, Jayron Kearse, and T.J. Green as a sophomore and junior, but their departure opened the door for him to excel in the Tigers' national championship run. The in-state product from Orangeburg (appropriate for Clemson garb) garnered first-team All-ACC notice this year, leading the team with five interceptions, making 60 tackles and breaking up seven passes. Even though he wasn't able to start regularly in 2014 or 2015, he was a regular contributor (13 tackles, two TFL, two INT, two PBU in 2014; 15 tackles, two INT in 2015). As one of the top safety prospects in the country, Clemson coaches got him on the field on defense and special teams as a true freshman, as well (12 tackles in 11 games).	Looks like an NFL safety in the uniform. Well defined upper body with broad shoulder and athletic trunk. Explosive athlete with very good ball skills. Good closing burst on the throw. Former AAU hooper who jumps like a dunk championship contestant and times the high point like a rebounder. Instinctive in coverage. Long strider with range to play in the deep middle and the hand-eye coordination to consistently challenge the long throw. Uses a smart approach to challenge catch point ripping at receiver?s arms. Had just one interference penalty this season despite his aggressive attempts to play the ball (12 passes defensed including five interceptions). Should be an immediate special teams contributor in coverage.
								Has just one season of experience as a starter. Can be way too chatty in media sessions providing bulletin board material to opponents. Still needs plenty of work with his run support. Could use more urgency in his pursuit. Makes too many assumptions that teammates will finish the tackle. Needs to use hands aggressively to punch and shuck blocking receivers. Takes poor downhill angles to the football losing his leverage to the sideline. Too many arm tackles lead to high missed tackle count. 
							
2017	Javancy Jones	2558118	DE	Jackson St.	Jones narrowed down his college choices to Jackson State and Duke, picking JSU because of the campus and his relationship with the coaches. Though not everyone would pick playing in the SWAC over the ACC, Jones made the most of his career with the Tigers. He was the SWAC Freshman of the Year in 2013, making 54 tackles, 14 for loss, and five sacks and earning a first-team all-conference nod. Jones led the team with 106 stops (18 TFL, three sacks) at linebacker in 2014, somehow missing out on all-conference honors. He was a first-team pick in 2015, however, after leading the FCS with 25.5 tackles for loss (95 total tackles, 7.5 sacks), and in 2016 (82 tackles, 19.5 for loss --- sixth in the FCS, four sacks).	NA	NA
2017	Josh Jones	2558119	S	N.C. State	Jones was not a household name outside of the Research Triangle during his time at North Carolina State, and was snubbed for all-conference honors by ACC coaches. League media recognized that he was an impact defender for the Wolfpack, however, giving him honorable mention notice in 2016 after he led the team with 109 tackles (four for loss) and three interceptions, also breaking up eight passes. Jones had started eight games as a true freshman, finishing second in the ACC with four interceptions (he also had seven pass break-ups for the year). In 2015, he was a solid starter but lacked many big plays (63 tackles, 2.5 for loss, one INT, two PBU).	Possesses prototypical combination of size and speed. Has acceleration and top-end speed to range all over the field. Plus athletic ability and reactive quickness. Has ability to disguise his coverage before sprinting back to centerfield. Has experience with both safety spots. Fluid in his movement and is an explosive leaper when challenging at the high-point. Has the ball skills to rake it or take it. Plays with eager eyes that stay glued to quarterback's intentions. Has the closing burst to challenge throws. Extremely aggressive. Bouncy feet can't wait to fire downhill and hit something. Accelerates through the collision. Does a good job of punching and playing off of blockers.
								His aggression is a double-edged sword. Will come in too hot looking to lay the lumber and end up missing his mark as a tackler. Needs to do better job of coming to balance as a tackler. From zone coverage, can be a little slow to anticipate routes and squeeze the throwing windows. Gets hyper-focused on quarterback and will lose track of his assignments. Will bite on play-action bait and get drawn out of position.
							
2017	Jerome Lane	2558120	WR	Akron	Lane wasn't a well-known football recruit coming out of high school, partially because he was expected to follow in his father's footsteps on the basketball court. Jerome Lane, Sr. was a big-bodied star forward at the University of Pittsburgh in the late 1980s, but told his son to play football. Since moving to receiver after the 2014 season, however, Lane has shown the physicality and hands that are indicative of a basketball player. He redshirted in 2013 and played 12 games at safety and linebacker on defense the following year (14 tackles, five sacks, safety). Lane played all 13 games (starting 11) at receiver as a sophomore, catching 39 passes for a team-leading 782 yards and eight scores despite having surgery on a torn ligament before the season. Coming into his own in 2016, he was a third-team All-MAC pick with 62 receptions covering 1,018 yards and six touchdowns. 	Big body usually dwarfs cornerbacks across from him. Posted eye-popping production in his two seasons as a receiver. Cornerbacks better strap it up because he is physical inside the route. Creates late separation with his hands and body. Finds deep ball and works back to underthrown balls aggressively. Is a bull with the ball in his hands and can drag tacklers down the field after the catch. Almost 75 percent of his catches over the last two seasons moved the chains. Background as a linebacker makes him a perfect candidate for early special teams coverage work.
								Still very raw with just two years experience as a receiver. Looks slow into his routes and down the sideline on verticals. Showed very little ability to be able to get a head start on NFL caliber cornerbacks and climb over the top of them. Was often tasked with making contested catches due to a lack of separation. Athletic ability is below average. Tight-hipped runner with very little sink into his breaks or explosion coming out.
							
2017	Elijah Lee	2558121	LB	Kansas St.	Lee was a high school star in the Kansas City area (Missouri Class 6A Defensive Player of the Year as a senior) but crossed the border to play in Manhattan for venerable head coach Bill Snyder. He got on the field right away, playing in all 13 games as a reserve (19 tackles) and setting a school record for freshmen with 4.5 sacks. Lee was a second-team All-Big 12 selection as a sophomore starter, leading the Wildcats with 80 tackles, 7.5 for loss, and accumulating five sacks and three interceptions on the season. He continued to be a team leader in his final year with the program, topping the charts with 110 tackles (6.5 for loss, 1.5 sacks), intercepting two passes in a first-team All-Big 12 junior season. 	Possesses angular build with long arms. Won't just give in to size. Works hard to constrict running lanes and will fire downhill into the gaps when they present themselves. Showed off impressive long speed and closing burst when chasing down ball carriers against Texas A&M in the Texas Bowl. Squares up in the hole and meets running backs heads up. Productive and disruptive behind the line of scrimmage. Rangy. Shows ability to navigate both high and low in weaving through the bodies in his pursuit to the ball. Adequate awareness in space in man coverage. Has athleticism and ball skills to stay on the field for all three downs.
								Missing the sand in his pants to power up and take on blocks effectively. Lacks instincts and feel for cutback lanes and counters. Can be goaded into false steps. Below average hand usage. Will need to learn to punch and separate or he could be overwhelmed by linemen. Plays too tall when sifting through the flow of traffic and will miss too many tackles. Needs to do better job of finding the ball in coverage. Too many ankle tackles rather than running through the target with a clean finish.
							
2017	Alex Kozan	2558122	OG	Auburn	Kozan and the McCaffrey brothers, Christian and Max, helped Denver metro area Valor Christian High School win multiple state titles. He considered going to Iowa, but eventually signed with Auburn as a four-star recruit. SEC coaches named him to the conference All-Freshman squad one season after he redshirted, as he started all 14 games at the left guard spot. Kozan missed the 2014 season due to a back injury, but returned to lineup on the left side of the line for all 13 games the following season. He completed his career as a War Eagle by winning second-team All-SEC honors, again starting every game at left guard.	Functional movement as pull blocker. Plays under control with skip-pulls and generally operates with good radar to find his work. Technically sound player. Plays under control with efficient feet. Operates with good timing on combo blocks and rarely gets cheated on secure block. Understands athletic limitations and adjusts his second-level angles accordingly. Has adequate core strength and can battle back against power players. Able to sink and anchor against bull rushers. Coachable and consistent.
								Is a little fleshy around the midsection. Below average athletic ability. Plays with some leg stiffness when asked to move in space and is labored out of stance in lateral movements. Will struggle to get to his reach blocks and win. Can take early losses when matched against athletes at point of attack. Feet are sluggish laterally in pass pro. Will lunge a bit rather than mirror when rusher gets to his edge. Would generate better arm extension with quicker, more compact punch.
							
2017	Marlon Mack	2558123	RB	South Florida	It was a major recruiting coup for USF to get the All-Florida star running back and safety to sign in Tampa. He hasn't let them down, becoming the school's all-time leading rusher and earning first-team All-American Athletic Conference nods in each of his three seasons with the Bulls. Mack led the AAC in rushing as a freshman (202-1,041, nine touchdowns) and sophomore (210-1,381, eight TDs). He finished fifth in the conference in 2016, but had only 174 carries for 1,187 yards and scored 15 times on the ground. Mack also had 63 catches for 485 yards and a score during his career while averaging over 100 rushing yards per game over his three seasons.	Looks like he has ball bearings in his hips. Able to swivel in multiple directions. Can tilt and slalom around defenders on the second and third level and is able to string moves together. Has slippery feet and is hard to pin down when bouncing laterally. Runs with knee bend and his pad level is low at contact. Explosive burst carries him into his getaway gear. Able to run away from tacklers. Six of his fifteen touchdowns this year went for 43-plus yards. Always plays fast. Contain buster to the outside. Finds ways to slither out of tackles. Hands showed improvement as pass catcher.
								Runs with inconsistent power through contact. Will need to accelerate through contact on next level. Serial run bouncer. Too willing to make wild bounces to the furthest reaches of the perimeter if interior lanes are gummed up. Lacks a committed approach between the tackles. Feet start dancing if he doesn't see an early point of entry. On jet sweeps, he rarely looked to cut it downhill in space and defaulted to the wide track. Has a very poor fumble rate over this three years and has put the ball on the ground twelve times. Ducks head into traffic to finish rather than keeping eyes scanning.
							
2017	Jeremiah Ledbetter	2558124	DE	Arkansas	Ledbetter's father, Weldon, was a running back at Oklahoma from 1979 to 1982 and was drafted by Tampa Bay in the seventh round of the 1983 draft. He redshirted one season and played two more at Hutchinson Community College, finishing his career there as a second-team junior college All-American in 2014 with 24.5 tackles for loss and 15.5 sacks. Ledbetter stepped into the lineup right away for the Razorbacks, making 55 tackles, 7.5 for loss, and two sacks. He topped the squad with 5.5 sacks in his senior season, and was credited with 49 total tackles, 7.5 for loss.	Compact, powerful frame. Explodes into blockers with good hip torque and consistently wins the battle of low-man at the point of attack. Has the arm length of an offensive tackle. Early with his punch and lands with good placement. Gets quick arm extension and is able to control the point of attack when asked to two-gap. Stronger than size would dictate and can handle himself against single blocks. Does his part to eat blocks when asked to in Arkansas scheme. Has power to drive through a guard's edge once he makes his way up the field.
								Has physical limitations that could mitigate his effectiveness. Will need substantially more mass to handle duties as an NFL three-technique. Can be uprooted by down blocks and double teams and driven out of his gap. Lacks initial upfield explosiveness teams look for from penetrators. Could be a man without a clear-cut position. Struggles to get to blocker's edge as a rusher. Needs to find more pass rush. Will need to improve hand fighting for faster wins to compensate for his average athleticism.
							
2017	Patrick Mahomes	2558125	QB	Texas Tech	If you're a quarterback in Texas running the spread attack that is prevalent throughout the state, playing for Texas Tech is a natural fit. The son of the former major league pitcher of the same name has a big-league arm, and used it quite a bit in high school (4,619 yards, 50 TDs as a senior) and more than anyone else in college football the past two seasons. Mahomes began his career by starting the Red Raiders' final four games his true freshman year (1,547 yards, 16 TDs, four INTs, 56.8 completion percentage), one of those games being a 598-yard, six-touchdown effort against a top-10 team in Baylor. He earned honorable mention All-Big 12 notice for the second straight year in 2015, starting every game and leading the FBS with 393 yards of total offense per game (4,653 yards, 36 TDs, 15 INTs, 63.5 completion pct). Mahomes was a second-team all-conference pick in his final year with Tech in 2016, leading the FBS with 421 passing yards per game (5,052 total, 41 TDs, 10 INTs, 65.7 completion pct). He's also been a threat with his big-bodied frame and strong legs the past three years, scoring 22 times on the ground. 	Possesses NFL body type for work inside and out of the pocket. Has an undeniable swagger and confidence to his game. Accuracy has improved in each season since his freshman year. Naturally accurate in his every day throws. Comfortable challenging defenders in space. Has arm strength and fearlessness to attack the cover-2 voids down the sideline. Can make deep, field side throws. Cranks up velocity to fit passes into tight windows. Former pitcher who propels hips through his release with aggressive torque and never gets cheated on his follow-through. Can deliver strikes from a variety of arm angles. Expedites release on RPOs (run-pass option) or when pressure is mounting in pocket. Puts effort into play-action fakes. Relaxed and effective when throwing on the move. Can be a legitimate dual-threat in a boot-action offense. Improved his eye manipulation over the years and will eyeball linebackers to hold them while patterns unfold around them. Has pocket mobility to escape pressure and the poise to extend plays and find alternate targets. Hands are very strong. Can pump and reset without issues. Competes as a runner and is willing to go the extra mile for the first down.
								Can be inconsistent in his approach. Needs to play inside the offense and show more discipline. Too eager to go big game hunting. Ravenous appetite for the explosive play can also bring unwanted trouble. Willingness to default to playground style appears to limit his ability to get into a consistent rhythm. Needs to improve anticipatory reads and learn to take what the defense gives him. Decision making can go from good to bad in a moment's notice. Operates from a narrow base and allows his upper body and arm to race ahead of his feet. Has a dip and wind-up in his standard release. Explosive delivery and follow-through causes some throws to sail. Needs better touch on intermediate and deep balls. Carries ball a little low in the pocket. Impatient. Will leave pocket prematurely rather than standing in and winning in rhythm. Better as a scrambler than pure runner. Looked a little less mobile in the open field this season.
							
2017	Keevan Lucas	2558126	WR	Tulsa	At the age of 14, Lucas had more tragedies in one week than most college football players had in their entire lives. His mother passed away from a brain aneurysm, and then three days later, his grandmother died from a heart attack and stroke. Lucas has managed to work through that difficulty to star with the Golden Hurricane over the past four years. He played in all 12 games, starting five, as a true freshman (32-442, one TD). Lucas had a breakout year as a sophomore, receiving second-team All-American Athletic Conference honors by finishing near the top of the FBS rankings with 101 receptions and 1,219 receiving yards, while leading the AAC with 11 touchdowns. He started the next season strong, starting four games (26-409, five TD) before tearing a patella tendon against Houston. That setback didn't prevent him from coming back with a purpose in 2016; he garnered first-team All-AAC accolades in his senior year with 81 catches for 1,180 yards and a career-high 15 scores.	Plays tall near the goal line with good high pointing skills and body control to win the ball. Good catch-to-touchdown ratio over last two seasons. Hands are generally soft and he can drop low to make a catch. Works the middle of the field. Able to concentrate and secure throws in traffic. Adjusts in space depending on coverage in order to create more accessible throwing lane for quarterback. Former 200-meter runner in high school with some build-up speed in his go routes.
								Plays with hip stiffness. Uses excessive foot chop to gather before breaking his route inside. Unable to bend and sink into his breaks forcing him to make rounded cuts. Gives away routes early and doesn't play with enough acceleration out of his breaks to make up for it. Hands can be inconsistent with focus drops becoming an issue. Doesn't have get-away athleticism to consistently avoid tackles and pick up yards after catch. Run blocking effort isn't on par.
							
2017	Josh Malone	2558127	WR	Tennessee	The Gallatin, Tennessee native made a lot of people happy by staying in-state to play with the Volunteers. The state's Mr. Football was a top-five receiver recruit nationally, and figured he would play right away in Knoxville. Malone was correct, as he started six games in 2014, catching 23 passes for 231 yards and a touchdown. He was a full-time starter as a sophomore (31-405, two TDs) but came into his own in 2016. Tennessee's top receiver caught 50 passes for 972 yards and 11 touchdowns in his final year with the Vols before deciding to join teammates Joshua Dobbs and Alvin Kamara in starting his NFL career.	NA	NA
2017	Damien Mama	2558128	G	USC	The Los Angeles metro area native was everybody's High School All-American on the offensive line, and kept his talents in town by signing with the Trojans. Mama became one of the first duo of true freshman starters in a Trojans' season opener with Toa Lobendahn, starting four games that season (two at left guard, two at right guard). He was a 2015 honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick at left guard after starting 13 of 14 games played, and won that starting job again in 12 of 13 games in 2016, earning second-team all-conference recognition by league coaches.	Big boy with NFL frame. Good posture in his pass sets with hands in punch-ready position in front of his chest, knees bent and back flat. Punch is as stiff as a boxing jab. Uncorks hands early and lands with force behind maximum arm extension. Anchors against bull rushers with adequate knee-bend and can slow their charge. Has dropped about 75 pounds since coming to USC. With less weight has come more lateral quickness to reach and sustain in space. Skip-pull steps are clean and is able to work long and short pulls. Adequate radar in space to find and make second-level blocks.
								Was stuck in a battle for starting position to open season due to lack of accountability and consistency. Has too much bad weight around his midsection. Formerly 400 pounds so weight will have to be monitored carefully. Narrow base causes limited power zone and marginal contact balance. Allows angle blocks to slide out the side door too easily. When block gets off track, body control diminishes greatly. Below average redirect inside and recovery balance. Right-hand punch becomes predictable and can be countered for quick wins.
							
2017	Isaiah McKenzie	2558129	WR	Georgia	This Miami native is an electric receiver and return specialist. He's been known best as a special teams demon, scoring six times on returns: five times on punts (two in 2014, two in 2015, one in 2016) and once on a kickoff (2014). The 5-foot-8, 175-pound playmaker has given scouts something to think about, as he proved to be a valuable offensive weapon as a junior. McKenzie led the Bulldogs in receptions (44), receiving yards (633) and receiving touchdowns (seven). Those numbers were well over his totals as a freshman (6-67) and sophomore (10-123). 	Specialized in hitting big plays. Scored a touchdown every seventh time he touched the football on offense this season and averaged 11.9 yards per offensive touch over three years at Georgia. Angular, downhill running still bolsters his home run kick return ability. Able to get instant acceleration off the line as a receiver or with the ball in his hands. Slippery in tight quarters, but will elude and go rather than trying to get miss after miss. Has vertical speed to win over the top of nickel cornerbacks on deep routes. Offers gadget touch option for creative offensive minds.
								Diminutive frame. Arm tackles can end his run immediately. Has small hands and a minimal catch radius. Body catcher allows the ball to bang against his frame. Shows below average hand-eye coordination and overall concentration on deep throws. Contested catches are an issue for him. Routes lack sharpness expected from smaller, quicker wideout. Takes time to gather into his breaks and is slow to accelerate out of them. Able to uncover vertically much better than horizontally and struggles to uncover in short area. Production bolstered by jet sweeps and swing screens.
							
2017	Deon-Tay McManus	2558130	WR	Marshall	McManus was a four-star prospect from Baltimore's Dunbar High School who signed to play for West Virginia, but instead attended the Atlanta Sports Academy for a semester before enrolling at Marshall. He started his time with the Herd as a tight end before moving to the inside receiver spot, and the result was 26 catches for 422 yards and six scores. McManus started seven games in 2015 (35-334, TD) and six games in 2016 (40-453, three TDs) at the receiver position before decided to throw his hat into the NFL Draft ring. 	NA	NA
2017	Al-Quadin Muhammad	2558131	DE	Miami	Off-field issues kept Muhammad from reaching his potential in Miami. He was suspended for the 2014 season after being part of an altercation after the team's spring game, and then was dismissed from the program as the NCAA investigated him with teammate Jermaine Grace for receiving illicit benefits from a luxury car rental company. Muhammad looked the part as a true freshman, playing as a reserve in all 13 games (eight tackles, two sacks). He also showed promise in 2015, making 54 tackles and leading the Hurricanes with 8.5 tackles for loss and five sacks. Muhammad attempted to transfer to Hampton in the fall of 2016, but that didn't occur. He decided to try his hand at a professional career instead of enrolling at another school.	Angular build with a well proportioned frame and good muscular definition. Has experience playing 4-3 defensive end and as a 3-4 rush linebacker. Has some explosion in his hips and should test well in vertical leap and broad jump. Has adequate power in his base and can set a solid edge as an outside linebacker. Crashes down the line of scrimmage with wide, lateral steps to collide with heavy pads into runners trying to burst through running lanes. Possesses relatively forceful punch. Has a speed-to-power bullrush.
								Highly inexperienced thanks to suspensions related to his disciplinary issues at Miami. Character red flags will be a concern headed into combine interviews. Tight hips restrict his stride length. Not a fluid athlete. Segmented movements feel labored. Sluggish change of direction to flow with the ball. Slight delay in his acceleration. Lacks man cover talent and is stiff dropping into space. Leggy at point of attack and can be washed away by size. Offers very little presence as edge rusher. Missing workable counter move. Loop under in twists is slow and telegraphed.
							
2017	Jonathan McLaughlin	2558132	OT	Virginia Tech	The Hokies take pride in a "lunch pail" mentality, and there are few better examples of players displaying that attitude than McLaughlin. The cousin of former Tech defenders Orion and Cam Martin finished his career as a third-team All-ACC left tackle, starting all 14 games at the position. This durability was not unusual, as he started every game in 2013 and 2015 at the all-important blind-side spot. In 2014, he suffered a knee injury nine games into the season, missing the remainder of the regular season.	NA	NA
2017	Montae Nicholson	2558133	S	Michigan St.	The Spartans' poor 2016 season caused Nicholson's play to be overshadowed by Ohio State and Michigan defensive backs. NFL scouts know, however, that Nicholson's athleticism and aggression make him a potential starter. He was an all-state football player and three-time track champion as a high school senior in Pennsylvania, then stepped into the starting lineup as a true freshman (three starts, 31 tackles). Nicholson tied for the team lead with three picks in 2015, making 83 stops, 2.5 for loss and helping MSU make the college football playoffs. He also participated on the track squad, placing sixth in the Big Ten Indoor meet in the long jump. As a junior, he made 86 tackles, two for loss, and intercepted one pass. 	Height, weight and speed box checks across the board. Has a feel for route combinations and shades his coverage accordingly. Shows a willingness to trigger into anticipated passing lanes once he recognizes where pattern is headed. Long strider with some range over the top. Michigan State coaches expect him to test well in explosion drills. Takes few false steps and looks more comfortable in a Cover-2 shell. 
								Field toughness does not match his size. Ducks head into tackles and doesn't consistently square up his targets causing excessive missed tackles. Rarely imposes his will as a hitter. Leggy in coverage. Takes time to get hips and feet synced up when asked to mirror route breaks. Has had self-described confidence issues. Looks unsure of his responsibilities at times and will lose track of deep coverage. Just eight passes defensed over last two seasons which is a meager sum.
							
2017	Leon McQuay III	2558134	S	USC	Leon III never got a chance to meet his grandfather, the original Leon McQuay, as he passed away when he was just one year old. But he's heard the stories about how the eldest Leon was the first African-American athlete to receive a football scholarship at the University of Tampa, where he went on to earn over 3,000 rushing yards on his way to a professional career in the NFL and CFL. McQuay didn't have any issues getting scholarship offers as a Parade All-American and finalist for the Franklin D. Watkins Memorial Award as the top African-American high school athlete. As a true freshman, he played in every game, starting one (19 tackles, one interception, four pass break-ups). McQuay then started nine games as a sophomore (36 tackles, two INT, four PBU) but struggled through injuries in 2015 (two starts in nine games, 18 tackles, 1.5 for loss, three PBU). Finally getting a chance to start regularly in 2016, McQuay earned honorable mention All-Pac-12 honors with 50 tackles, four for loss, two interceptions (one which set up the team's game-winning field goal in the Rose Bowl), and six pass breakups.	NA	NA
2017	Speedy Noil	2558135	WR	Texas A&M	The only person that can stop Noil is Noil himself. He was rated as the nation's top "athlete" recruit as a star high school player from New Orleans, and excelled in his first year with the Aggies as a receiver (five starts, 46-583, five TDs) and returner (27-645 kick returns; 15-180 punt returns), leading the team in all-purpose yards. Noil began running into trouble after that season, being suspended for spring 2015 practices, for a game in November, and for the bowl game that season. He played in just nine games, starting three (21-226, two TDs receiving; 11-241 kick returns; 2-17 punt returns). Noil was forced to sit out the 2016 opener, as well as their bowl game. He finished with eight starts in 10 games, catching 21 passes for 325 yards and two touchdowns. Noil chose to go to the NFL instead of returning to college after his latest suspension.	Extremely explosive athlete. Was the NIKE SPARQ (Speed, Power, Agility, Reaction, Quickness) Rating national champion coming out of high school. Tough guy. Will take the best a hitter has to offer, bounce back up and run to the huddle. Good vertical speed to get over the top of slow-transitioning cornerbacks. Compact and powerful. Play strength is a plus. Has potential to be moved all over the field. Offers value as a dangerous kick returner.
								Failed to live up to potential out of high school. Struggles to process and is limited in what coaches ask him to do. Poor ball tracking skills. When he wins vertically, that doesn't mean a catch is coming. Jack-of-many-trades but masters none. Route running is basic. Scouts lament his off-the-field character.
							
2017	Fabian Moreau	2558136	CB	UCLA	Going into Moreau's 2015 season, his head coach, Jim Mora, Jr. called him a first-round talent. Three games into the season (eight tackles, one pass breakup), the Florida native's season ended with a Lisfranc injury in his left foot. He bounced back in 2016, receiving honorable mention All-Pac-12 notice by leading the Bruins with 10 pass breakups, to go along with two interceptions. Moreau built his reputation with an honorable mention All-Pac-12 season as a sophomore (51 tackles, four PBU) and second-team all-conference effort in 2014 (53 tackles, three for loss, one INT, eight PBU). Moreau made the switch from offense to defense during his first year with the Bruins, making five tackles as a reserve defensive back and on special teams.	Former running back with a thick frame and great speed. Showed off his ability to jam and reroute receivers at Shrine Game practices. Patient from press. Fluid athlete with good lateral quickness and agility to press and match against plus athletes. Maintains good feel for the route as it progresses. Early accelerator with recovery quickness and "makeup" long speed. Good physicality inside the route. Shows enough reactive twitch to challenge slants. Uses size and speed to crowd vertical routes and fight off receivers' attempts to stack him on their hips. Showed noticeable improvement in confidence and coverage skills from 2014. Has upper body strength to stack and shuck most receivers. Break-down, wrap-up tackler with the build to challenge NFL runners with size.  
								Fairly limited in his coverages with focus on Cover-3 and press man. Lower body hits pause button giving up some separation when biting into head fake at top of the route. Takes time to gather and redirect when transitioning forward from bail coverage. Instincts and ball production have been marginal. Slow to recognize clearing routes and rarely ejects to overlap back into the play area. Paltry average of just one interception every 63 targets. Slow to find and track the deep throw. Has been tagged with an excessive amount of pass interferences and defensive holding penalties in college. Loses track of his man during scrambles. 
							
2017	Marcus Oliver	2558137	LB	Indiana	Javier Demarcus Oliver goes by Marcus, a name that scouts have gotten to know over the past couple of seasons as he made plays for the Hoosiers. He showed skills early, making 37 tackles as a reserve linebacker as a true freshman in 2013. Unfortunately, he suffered a torn ACL three games into his sophomore year (10 tackles), leading to a medical redshirt. There was no slowing down Oliver in 2015, as he led the team with 112 tackles, 6.5 for loss, intercepted two passes, broke up another and forced four fumbles on the year. He was named honorable mention All-Big Ten in his junior 2016 season (96 tackles, 15.5 for loss, four sacks), tying for fifth in the FBS with five forced fumbles.	Natural-born hitter. Plays with an aggressive nature and always takes the most physical path possible. Thumper between the tackles. Maintains eyes on the ball. Instincts are solid and will trigger quickly downhill. Lays into lead blocks or second-level climbers with a heavy shoulder than can jar the blocker. Has power in his hips and legs to grind past angle blocks and maintain his play balance. Productive two-year starter with a high number of his stops coming near line of scrimmage. Consistent in his pursuit. Considered a high-character person and hard worker in practice and in the weight room. Heads-up, chest first tackler lands with force. Forced five fumbles this season and 11 for his career.
								Tight-hipped banger with heavy feet. Lacks the agility or twitch for stop-and-start pursuit. Slow to accelerate to the ball after changing direction. Below average body control in his pursuit. Lack of reactive athleticism leads to missed tackles in space. Play speed is below average and limits his range as a tackler. Downhill flow gets him caught up behind blockers. Is a huge liability in man coverage. Lacks the athletic ability to stick with his man through route breaks and allows crossing routes to uncover quickly.
							
2017	Samaje Perine	2558138	RB	Oklahoma	Former Wisconsin and current Los Angeles Chargers running back Melvin Gordon felt good about beating LaDainian Tomlinson's NCAA single-game rushing record in 2014. One week later, Perine (pronounced p-rine) decided he wanted the records, racking up 427 yards and five touchdowns against Kansas. The true freshman had a great year overall, receiving third-team All-American and Big 12 Offensive Newcomer of the Year honors (as well as first-team all-conference) with 1,713 yards and 21 touchdowns. Perine also earned first-team All-Big 12 accolades with 1,349 yards and 16 scores as a sophomore. Although teammate Joe Mixon took some of Perine's carries in 2016, the junior ran for 1,060 yards and 12 scores in a second-team all-conference effort. His mom named him Samaje (sam-AH-jay) to keep the name "Sam" in the family but add something special. Scouts think his talent is special, as well.  	Has build and toughness to handle a heavy workload if called on. Gets a deep press off line of scrimmage before making his cut. Able to fit into the crevices between the tackles and come out the other side. Very powerful through his hips and thighs. Creates for himself with power. Arm tacklers won't like the results. Drives through initial contact and continues to churn out additional yardage. Pad level is always where it is supposed to be. Delivers a message when he finishes runs. Short yardage winner and doesn't have much wasted motion as a runner. Decisive in his downhill charge but does so with quality vision. Not a typical third down option, but has the soft hands out of backfield to be a solid screen and check-down option.
								All bully with very little ballerina as a runner. Lacks loose hips to make sudden lateral escapes or take advantage of a late opening. Doesn't have the big burst to jet from first to third level. Low-knee action keeps his lower body covered with hands and tackle attempts. Has prolonged gear-down to make open field cuts. Needs a clear path early in the rep. Missing restart quickness when slowed by initial defender. Play speed is very average. Could have troubles getting to the edge against NFL speed. Has had ankle injuries in past that could require additional scrutiny at the combine.

All bully with very little ballerina as a runner. Lacks loose hips to make sudden lateral escapes or take advantage of a late opening. Doesn't have the big burst to jet from first to third level. Low-knee action keeps his lower body covered with hands and tackle attempts. Has prolonged gear-down to make open field cuts. Needs a clear path early in the rep. Missing restart quickness when slowed by initial defender. Play speed is very average. Could have troubles getting to the edge against NFL speed. Has had ankle injuries in past that could require additional scrutiny at the combine.
							
2017	Devine Redding	2558139	RB	Indiana	Devine's father, Desmond, played football at Fresno City College before a knee injury ended his career. He helped his son become a solid high school back at vaunted Glenville High School, but Indiana was his only scholarship offer through most of the recruiting process. The Hoosiers got a good back in Redding, who was the first back since Vaughn Dunbar in 1990-91 to have back-to-back 1,000-yard seasons. He was an honorable mention All-Big Ten pick in 2016 (253-1,122, seven TDs rushing; 27-146, two TDs receiving), one season after reaching four digits in rushing as a sophomore (226-1,012, nine TDs rushing; 12-85 receiving). In his first season with the program, he played in 10 games (29-118, one TD).	Patient runner who operates with desired tempo for zone scheme. Runs with wide eyes and good peripheral vision on stretch plays and sweeps. Responds quickly when cut-back lane begins to develop for him. Pace is good from first to second level. Has a feel for development of blocking in front of him and is able to make a sudden decision when necessary. Smooth in his reads from first to second level. Has subtle, efficient shifts in direction without gearing down when rolling downhill. Decisive runner with feet in a constant state of chop while probing for openings.
								Could use more weight on his frame. Runs with hip tightness that strangles his ability to make sharp cuts and directional changes. Has tendency to roll into cuts which puts him into harm's way prematurely. Lacks memorable power at impact and will lose more battles than he wins when challenging with force. Has very few clean broken tackles over last two seasons. Leg drives and contact balance are inconsistent. Quicker than fast. May struggle to keep runs play-side and out-race the defense to the corner. Primarily a check-down and swing pass option in passing game.
							
2017	Jalen Myrick	2558140	CB	Minnesota	The last two seasons, Myrick has not gained enough votes among league coaches or media members to achieve more than honorable mention status. However, scouts know that his game is a good fit for the NFL. The former Georgia state runner-up in the 100 meters came up big for the Gophers as a senior, making 41 tackles, 3.5 for loss, and leading the squad with 12 passes defensed (one interception, 11 pass breakups). He had a bit of a scare in his junior year, suffering a collapsed lung while being tackled on a kick return (1,052 career yards, one score as a returner). Myrick wound up playing in 10 games and starting seven that year (27 tackles, seven TFL, two PBU). He contributed mostly on special teams in his first season in Minnesota (four tackles) before getting significant playing time as a reserve corner the following year (21 tackles, one for loss, seven pass breakups) -- Myrick even returned an interception 31 yards for a touchdown that season.	Allowed a completion rate of just 39 percent over the last two seasons. Compact frame with quick hands. Able to mirror and punch out of press coverage to slow receivers from press release. Can run. Has the ability to carry long speed down the field or close out against receivers who get an early jump on him. Plays with good foot quickness for sudden stops from bump-and-run. Plays with plus balance in his coverage. Shows no hesitation when it is time to come up in run support. Has returned kicks for three seasons.
								Unable to maintain cushion from off-coverage due to tight backpedal. Needs to get better at balancing eyes between receiver and quarterback. Lacks pattern recognition and anticipation. Displays some stutter in his transition to close. Will opt to play the receiver at times rather than attacking the path to the ball. Below average hands gave away sure-fire interceptions this season. Ball skills down the field are below average. Allows receivers to generate too much separation through hand fighting and he can be late to turn and find the ball.
							
2017	Travis Rudolph	2558141	WR	Florida St.	Rudolph wasn't trying to make headlines when he decided to sit with Bo Paske at lunch during a middle school visit in August, but his actions made an autistic child, the young boy's mother, and the rest of the community very happy. He's been a class act since arriving in Tallahassee as a five-star recruit and three-time all-Florida pick, who won the Lou Groza Awards High School Player of the Year as a senior. Rudolph played in 13 games as a freshman, starting six contests and making 38 catches for 555 yards and four scores. He was an honorable mention All-ACC selection as the team's leading receiver in 2015 (59-916, seven TDs) and starring against Houston (7-201, TD) in the Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl. Rudolph was named second-team all-conference as a junior, again leading the Seminoles in receiving (56-840, seven TDs). 	Solid route runner. Sinks his hips into breaks and rarely gives his route intentions away with early head turn. Routes are run with good tempo and consistency. Glides into his routes with smooth acceleration. Disguises comeback routes effectively against man coverage. Opens quickly to the ball and plucks it away from his body. Has very natural hands with desired catch radius. Silky worker near the sidelines. Ball skills are good. Makes adjustments back to the ball on underthrown balls and picks up the ball quickly. His footwork is controlled and his body control and balance are on point. Had 14.3 percent of his catches this season go for 25-plus yards. More than willing to do his part as a run blocker and won't just try and shield cornerbacks away from the play.
								May not have enough early juice out of his release to get a clean outside release against press corners. His stop-start acceleration is nothing special. Missing the short-area quickness to accelerate out of his breaks to uncover in tight spaces underneath. Works up to top speed quickly, but lacks a straight gas gear. Unable to access a big burst to run under the deep ball once he's open. Lacks a quality sales job on his double moves. Needs to improve play strength to help with contested catches on the next level. Average run-after-catch talent.
							
2017	Ricky Seals-Jones	2558142	WR	Texas A&M	Seals-Jones was so coveted as a five-star receiver recruit that his father admitted two major programs offered six-digit "signing bonuses" for his son to sign on the dotted line. Apparently, Kevin Sumlin and A&M didn't play that game, though Seals-Jones didn't have a great career in College Station. The cousin of NFL Hall of Fame running back Eric Dickerson played two games in 2013 before being injured after getting hit while slowing down going into the end zone. Seals-Jones started 10 games the next season (49-465, four TDs) and 11 as a sophomore (45-560, four TDs). He finished his career with down numbers (eight starts, 26-333, TD) also working through a leg injury.	Has experience against quality defensive backs and linebackers in college. Enormous wide receiver who carries a tight end's frame. Has ability to get physical against smaller defensive backs after the catch. Good competitor with desired play strength through his routes. Could be utilized as matchup tight end on the next level. Functional blocker from the slot.
								Slow off the line of scrimmage and into his routes. Has no burst separation out of his breaks and is coverage magnet against man. Hands have been unforgiving his entire career. Double-digit drop rate for his career is disappointing. Non-factor in red-zone and unable to muscle up and win contested catches. Needed a year with his hand in the ground for transition to tight end.
							
2017	Adam Pankey	2558143	OG	West Virginia	It's unusual for an offensive lineman to excel in three different positions during his collegiate career. Pankey accomplished that feat, however, after winning second-team All-Big 12 honors at right guard in his senior season. The All-Ohio high school selection redshirted in 2012 and then in played eight games as a reserve in his freshman season with the Mountaineers. Coaches started him at left tackle for all 13 games in 2014, and then started 12 at left guard (missing two due to an ankle injury) as a junior. Versatility to play nearly everywhere on the line will be valued by NFL scouts.	Has good thickness and functional mass in his calves, hips and bubble. Wide-body who is hard to get around. Has adequate lateral foot quickness in tight quarters. Has the feet to redirect inside against twists and stunts. Able to utilize his size to generate some early push. Has played both guard and tackle. Responsive to defensive line games up front. Plays with some natural anchor and holds up to bull rushers from interior.
								Upright after the snap. Waist-bender with tightness in his knees. Doesn't have athletic ability to factor as a second-level blocker. Must do his work in the phone booth. Unable to consistently get to his blocks when working up. Struggles to mirror and center athletic defensive tackles in pass pro. Uses skip-pull footwork to get into his zone blocking steps. Hand placement is inconsistent and he fails to generate quality arm extension. Body control is below average.
							
2017	Adam Shaheen	2558144	TE	Ashland	Talk about a Cinderella story. Shaheen was an all-conference pick in basketball and football in Galena, Ohio, and signed with Division II Pittsburgh-Johnstown to play hoops (5.5 pts, 3.1 reb per game in 2013-2014). He then transferred to Ashland to play football, which turned out to be the right move. Shaheen caught two passes for 85 yards as the team's No. 3 tight end in 2014. He then took over the starting job the next year, catching 70 passes (for 803 yards and 10 TDs), a Division II record for tight ends. The two-time AFCA All-American and first-team All-Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference pick had another great year in 2016, setting a school record with 16 touchdowns among his 57 receptions for 867 yards.	Enormous frame for a tight end. Powerfully built, well-proportioned frame. Accomplished high school hooper who brings the same footwork to the field. Has good sink into breaks and can make sharp cuts coming out. Has foot quickness for clever stutter-and-go double moves to uncover against linebackers. Above average speed and acceleration for his size. Creates leverage points against man coverage before breaking his routes off and pulling away. Moved all over the field. Was isolated for fade routes near endzone. Plus hand-eye coordination and shows ability to alter body positioning to improve catch-odds while ball-tracking.Trusted in pass protection. Sees twists and blitzes and responds to them. Needs work as run blocker but has desired frame of a Y-tight end.
								Physically overwhelmed a lower level of competition. Upper body is stiff and mechanical in his routes. Hasn't learned how to utilize hands to free himself against press. Gets jammed up in his release and can be knocked off the timing of his patterns. Will need to learn to adjust in space in order to maneuver past traffic. In need of his fair share of technique work as a run blocker. Ducks head into initial contact. Finds himself lunging and chasing when asked to climb to second level.
							
2017	David Sharpe	2558145	OT	Florida	A mountain of a man, Sharpe created a wall at left tackle the past two seasons for the Gators. He started 13 of 14 games at the position as a sophomore, then lined up for all 13 games of his junior year in 2016 before deciding to go to the next level. Sharpe was a high school All-American in Jacksonville and a very good basketball player. He could have played in college but instead took the short trip to Gainesville to play on the gridiron. He worked his way into the offensive line rotation as a true freshman, playing in six games as a backup left tackle. 	Hulking wide-body with long arms that dangle beside his massive frame. Well proportioned with thick legs to match his upper body. Length can be debilitating for rushers if he lands first. Active with hands in pass pro and lands them inside defender's frame. Has enough anchor that bull-rushing him won't be much of an option. Uses his mass to overwhelm opponents and push them out of the play with his redirection. Big strong hands can clamp and ride defenders out of the play when he gets them framed up. Better pull blocker than might be expected. Decent straight-line movement carries him into striking position on the perimeter.
								Stiff as can be. Doesn't have flexibility in his ankles and knees to drop his pads to a functional level for leverage. Down blocks land way up the frame of his target and creates marginal block security. Waist-bender. Reaches for his targets with his upper body rather than his feet. Labored lateral movement just isn't quick enough. Unable to get across the face of defenders and doesn't have the upfield quickness to make cut-off blocks on linebackers. Lacks feet and body control needed to mirror and keep his blocks centered. One-and-done blocker who can't be counted on for combos.
							
2017	Aarion Penton	2558146	CB	Missouri	Penton's had his issues off the field, reportedly cited twice for marijuana possession in 2014. On the field, though, he's been the Tigers' best cornerback since the departure of E.J. Gaines. Penton was a first-team All-SEC selection in 2016, which is quite an accomplishment given the level of defensive back talent in that conference; he made 43 tackles on the year and led the SEC with 17 passes defended (five interceptions, one for TD, and 12 pass breakups). Penton won Missouri's award for the team's top cornerback in 2015 by registering 59 stops, 4.5 for loss, an interception and eight pass breakups. He was a full-time starter as a sophomore (36 tackles, two TFL, three INT) after being an injury replacement for Gaines as a true freshman (two starts, 16 tackles, one INT, two PBU.) Penton was born with the last name Maxey, but had it changed to Maxey-Penton a few years ago to honor his stepfather and had just Penton on his jersey for most of his career.	Considers himself a receiver when the ball is in the air. Highly reactive once he reads the break point. Attacks passing lane rather than receivers when he's got a bead on the route. Has hands to flip the field with interceptions or rake aggressively through the catch point if he wants to disrupt. Displays excellent timing when challenging high point throws. Pesky in man coverage and does everything he can to stay under the wide receiver's pads.
								Short and thin. Can be big-boyed against press coverage and knocked completely off-balance by powerful challenges. Make-up speed is below average. Allowed 20 yards per catch this season. Lacks fluidity in his transitions. Gives up massive swaths of open ground to shifty route runners. Unable to handle take-on tackle duties on a consistent basis. Could be consistently targeted by offenses in run game.
							
2017	Garrett Sickels	2558147	DE	Penn St.	Penn State has had a pipeline into New Jersey for years, and picking up a two-time all-Jersey selection in Sickels was another great recruiting move by the Nittany Lions. As a redshirt freshman, Sickels played in every game as a reserve end and on special teams (11 tackles, three TFL, two sacks). Making the starting lineup in 2015, he contributed 35 tackles, five for loss, three sacks, and led the team with two fumble recoveries. He made a big leap from his sophomore to junior seasons, garnering second-team All-Big Ten honors with 47 tackles and leading PSU with 12.5 tackles for loss and six sacks. 	Led the Big Ten with 43 quarterback pressures. Plays with shoulder turn approaching top of the rush arc. Looks to flip hips around the edge. Uses forward lean to generate momentum around corner and towards the quarterback. Decent athlete in space. Has lateral quickness to slide inside and attack the gap. Active hand fighter. Keeps playing to the whistle and will hustle into tackles down the field. Had one of his best performances of the season against the talented Ohio State offensive line.
								Lacks explosiveness to strike and disengage quickly. Gets glued to blocks for too long. Easily blocked in run game. Power at point of attack is below average. Lacks sand in his pants to drop anchor and own his grass against drive blockers. Gets pinned and sustained by tight ends. Finds himself on the ground too often. Needs to improve hands and angles to counter lack of play strength. Doesn't have long limbs to torque his way around tackles. Generates little speed-to-power. 
							
2017	Jalen Robinette	2558148	WR	Air Force	Usually it's Georgia Tech producing a big-bodied receiver with deep-ball skills out of an option attack. The Academy's got the hot pass-catcher this season, however, with Robinette getting a lot of notice from scouts. He led the Falcons in receiving yards in his first season on campus (16-291, three TD), although he didn't start any games. Robinette received honorable mention All-Mountain West notice in both his sophomore (43-806, four TD) and junior (26-641, five TD) seasons. He averaged 27.4 yards per catch in 2016, which led the nation. Robinette was named first-team All-Mountain West after the season (35-959, six TD).	Outstanding NFL size with long arms and monster hands. Plays grown man football down the field. Able to leap and rise above the masses to pull down the deep ball. Physical and unfazed by contact. Plays with plus balance and body control when attacking the football. Has a knack for late separation down the field and plays with sharpened focus when ball is in the air. Showed off quick shake press release at Shrine practices. Has the raw size and tools that teams will covet.
								Missed out on catches outside his frame. Yards per catch totals bolstered by open opportunities in Air Force play-action game. Too tall into his routes robbing him of early acceleration. Overly-exaggerated head fakes into his brakes and stems don't fool anyone. Route-running is very raw and will need time to be developed. Needs to play faster when setting up routes underneath. Pattern matchers could eat him up early on. Can be slow to get head around and find the football. Doesn't go looking for contact as run blocker.
							
2017	JuJu Smith-Schuster	2558149	WR	USC	John "JuJu" Smith-Schuster (he officially changed his last name to honor his stepfather) took the mantle of the next great Trojan receiver immediately upon arriving on campus. A 12-game starter and second-team All-Pac-12 all-purpose selection, Smith-Schuster caught 54 passes for 724 yards and five scores, and also returned kicks for USC as a true freshman. He and quarterback Cody Kessler (2016 third-round pick of the Cleveland Browns) continued their partnership in his sophomore year, helping him attain first-team all-conference and second-team Associated Press All-American honors (89-1,454-10). Smith-Schuster has fought through injuries throughout the past few years, missing time in his senior year of high school, breaking his hand in 2015 (though he didn't miss action), and injuring his back during his junior year. That injury lowered his numbers (70-914, 10 scores), though he still received second-team all-conference recognition from league coaches. 	Outstanding size and a very available target. Shows no concern working over the middle. Known for his competitive spirit and alpha demeanor. Hyper-aware of defenders around him in space. Works back to the ball as aggressively as he needs to when defenders are attempting to ball-hawk. Searches and sinks into the optimal openings against zone coverage. Plays to his size and has plus route strength. Shows effective uses of frame to shield cornerbacks from contested catches. Plucks it way out front of his body with strong, confident hands. Tremendous ball tracker with ability to search, find and follow the pass in over his shoulder. Has body control to twist and contort in mid-air to pull the throw in. Plays with sideline awareness and consistently drops feet in-bounds on boundary catches. Rugged, aggressive runner after the catch with a stiff-arm to hurt feelings. Has field vision after catch for maximum YAC yardage. Reliable blocker who can help spring a big run. Able to sustain blocks with power.
								Needs to get better at freeing himself at the break point of his routes. Doesn't seem to get cornerbacks tilting with his routes. Missing the sudden acceleration out of his cuts to generate separation and an easy throwing window. Contested catches will have to be a big part of his future. Rarely shows a second gear to run under the deep throws. Will coast when turning to find deep ball rather than maintaining play speed. Off-man corners may squat on underneath routes if they don't fear his vertical speed. Can be slow to release against press coverage. Plays with a delayed open to the quarterback on his comeback routes. Will need to pay better attention to his angles as a blocker. Eight of his ten touchdowns this season came in three games.
							
2017	ArDarius Stewart	2558150	WR	Alabama	Alabama's passing offense ranked 87th in the country in 2016 with only 210.3 yards per contest, but that's no reflection on Stewart's talent. He did what he could to help a freshman quarterback in Jalen Hurts, catching 54 passes for 864 yards and eight scores and rushing for 68 yards on eight carries. He was a first-team All-SEC pick despite missing three games, two to a leg injury and a third via suspension for "violating behavior rules" per head coach Nick Saban. Stewart also had an important pass play in the national championship game to keep the Tide alive in the fourth quarter. He started every game in the team's title run the previous year, making 63 grabs for 700 yards and four scores. As a redshirt freshman in 2014, Stewart was a two-game starter (12-149 receiving). After being graded as a potential second-round pick by the NFL Draft Advisory Committee, Stewart decided to declare for the draft to take care of his two children and the rest of his family.	NA	NA
2017	Weston Steelhammer	2558151	S	Air Force	Possessing one of the best names in football, Steelhammer chose to go the Air Force route instead of following his grandfather's path to West Point. He was recruited by Alabama and Pepperdine to play baseball, and considered playing the national pastime in Colorado Springs, as well. His decision to stick with football, however, proved fruitful. Steelhammer played eight games as a reserve (seven tackles) in 2013 before earning the first of three consecutive first-team All-Mountain West honors as a sophomore (61 tackles, six for loss, three sacks, team-best six interceptions). In 2015, Steelhammer racked up 80 stops, 10.5 for loss, and five more picks, along with seven pass breakups. In his final season with the Falcons, he led the team with 72 tackles, 4.5 for loss, four pass breakups, and tied for third in the FBS with seven interceptions -- giving him an astounding 18 in his career, the most of any current player.	NA	NA
2017	Orion Stewart	2558152	S	Baylor	TCU head coach Gary Patterson and Stewart probably won't be having dinner anytime soon. The Baylor safety approached Patterson after the teams played in 2014, telling him he didn't appreciate the less-than-kind words he had for former teammate Ahmad Dixon the year before. Patterson stated that Stewart "sort of threatened" him, which the safety denied. Regardless, the Waco native was voted All-Big 12 honorable mention for his play that season (82 tackles, four interceptions, three pass breakups), following a successful redshirt freshman year (39 tackles, 82-yard TD after his only interception, four pass breakups). In 2015, he was suspended for one game for violating team rules and missed three other contests with injuries (64 tackles, one INT, three PBU in 10 games). Stewart was again an honorable mention pick in his senior year, finishing with 76 tackles, five for loss, five pass breakups, and a team-high six interceptions (one returned for a touchdown).	NA	NA
2017	Jack Tocho	2558153	CB	N.C. State	Tocho is the son of Kenyan immigrants, and has travelled to Africa several times. That worldly experience shows up in his maturity level, as he was a team captain and full-time starter as a senior (37 tackles, two for loss, two interceptions, nine pass breakups). He struggled with injuries in his junior year, missing part of three games and being limited in others while only starting three games on the year (20 tackles, one INT, three PBU). Big things had been expected of Tocho that year, as he was the team's Defensive Back of the Year in 2014 after leading the squad with 11 pass breakups (41 tackles, one INT). He was also the Wolfpack's Co-Freshman of the Year in 2012, starting seven times, making 25 tackles, intercepting two passes, and breaking up three others.	Compact frame with good play strength. Highly intelligent and will be able to digest an NFL playbook easily. Known for work ethic on and off the field. Veteran cornerback who understands his own strengths and weaknesses. Plays with confidence. Has good field awareness from bail coverage and shows good pattern recognition. Limited false steps when transitioning to the throw. Has played both sides of the field and has experience in press, off and zone.
								Average athlete with below average lateral agility. Fears long speed and will bolster his cushion against certain opponents. Short-strider lacking make-up speed when beaten over the top. His jam can be slow and telegraphed giving receivers a chance to scoot by quickly. A little bumpy in his backpedal. Is slow to turn and find the ball with his back to the quarterback. Needs to come downhill stronger in run support. Stays glued to blocks for too long.
							
2017	Damarius Travis	2558154	S	Minnesota	Damarius Travis and Damarious Randall were teammates on a state championship team in Florida, and now Travis hopes to join Randall, a first round pick of the Green Bay Packers, in the NFL. His play as a senior helped his cause, as he earned honorable mention All-Big Ten honors from league media by leading the Gophers with 83 tackles, five for loss, intercepting two passes and breaking up five others. This was the type of year the team expected from Travis in 2015, but after starting the opener that year, making 10 tackles in the game, he was lost for the year with a hamstring injury. Travis' star started to shine in 2014, when he started seven games, producing 61 tackles, 3.5 for loss, two interceptions and five pass breakups. He also contributed as a freshman (eight tackles in 13 games) and sophomore (two starts, 28 stops, four PBU) in Minnesota.	Physical player with good size and the desired play demeanor for the position. Force player who will always opt for the more violent strikes. High character player and person. Considered coachable and dependable. Displayed versatility in Gopher defense. Lined up as a box safety, high safety and on the slot. Has box safety instincts against the run. Takes efficient paths to the perimeter from down low. Plays with a spirited effort. Shows ability to handle coverage duties on tight ends. Instincts are solid. Responds quickly to quarterback's intentions. Outstanding special teams talent who can help right now. Finished with 17 special teams tackles during his first two seasons at Minnesota.
								Can get a little loose in his pursuit angle headed downhill giving away some leverage against backside cuts. Has tightness in his hips. Sluggish lateral quickness. Has to gear down and take a more rounded path to the ball. Slow to open hips in his transitions. Range and long speed appear to be below average. Could struggle to maintain coverage responsibilities in vast space. Still room for improvement with tackling technique. Comes in hot rather than coming to balance before striking. Needs to eliminate some of the head-first approaches and look to square up his open field targets.
							
2017	Stanley Williams	2558155	RB	Kentucky	Williams could have gone to several SEC schools as a four-star recruit but chose Kentucky to make a name for himself. With a nickname like "Boom," that's not too difficult, even on a team that has limited success. Williams led the Wildcats in rushing each of his three seasons on campus, starting with a true freshman season in which he only started one game (486 yards, one TD rushing; 17-162, one TD receiving). In 2015, he set a school record with 7.1 yards per carry, converting 121 chances to 855 yards and six scores. He had a rough offseason before his final season in Lexington, losing his younger sister and going through elbow surgery. Nonetheless, Boom had his best season in 2016, running for 1,170 yards on just 171 carries and scoring seven times.	Sports tremendous burst to the edge. Has the acceleration ability to run with extended patience on outside zone plays. Heels barely touch the ground during his runs and he has lateral agility to make wide cuts to avoid tacklers. Able to rip through a crease when he sees it. Combination of speed and elusiveness makes him a nemesis in space. Has some value on slip screens. May offer some kick return value.
								Undersized for anything other than a change-of-pace role. Not a very tough runner when tasked with work between the tackles. Runs come crashing to a halt when he senses contact on interior. Unable to break tackles or generate much yardage after contact. Way too hesitant when on downhill runs. Tends to dance and look for large point of entry rather than trusting his blockers. Vision is very average. Drops and fumbles are an issue.
							
2017	Brad Watson	2558156	CB	Wake Forest	Watson's size and production the past two seasons for the Demon Deacons are intriguing to NFL scouts. After two seasons where he had to bide his time on special teams and occasional duty on defense (nine tackles in 2013, 17 in 2014), he stepped into a starting role as a junior. Watson was an honorable mention All-ACC performer that year, producing 72 tackles, 2.5 for loss, two interceptions, and an ACC-best 16 pass breakups (which tied for eighth nationally). He was an active tackler as a senior, as well, credited with 63 stops on the outside, as well as two interceptions and six pass breakups.	NA	NA
2017	Ahkello Witherspoon	2558157	CB	Colorado	Witherspoon has an interesting family history. His father, Lucky, was a running back at Nevada. His grandfather, Jimmy, was a blues artist who had a number one hit on the R&B charts in 1949 called "Ain't Nobody's Business". Witherspoon's given first name is actually James, but he goes by Ahkello, the first of two middle names (Elec). The pre-med student went to junior college after high school to play football; he was 5-foot-8 as a high school senior but listed at 6-foot-3 during his one year at Sacramento City Community College (where he had three INT, seven PBU). He moved on to Colorado in 2014, playing in 10 games and starting one (12 tackles, two PBU) before becoming a part-time starter the following season (41 tackles, two INT, four PBU). Witherspoon was one of three members of the Buffaloes' secondary that were named second-team All-Pac-12 in the program's bounce-back season. He tied with teammate Tedric Thompson with a nation-leading 23 passes defensed on the year (one INT, 22 PBU), while Chibode Awuzie was the other part of that trio.	Exceptional combination of size and speed. Hips are fluid and feet are fast. Opens hips and gets to top speed quickly with long, easy strides to chase receivers down the field. Plus athleticism allows for quick recovery when beaten early off release. Showed marked improvement in his instincts and overall feel for coverage. Is beginning to recognize patterns and play ahead of the routes. Played multiple sports growing up including baseball which helped sharpen hand-eye coordination and ball skills. Takes playmaking angles to the ball and defends the catch point with tremendous timing. His 2016 completion percentage against was just 26.5. Tied for second in nation in passes defensed with 20. Was a long time soccer player and has the foot quickness to mirror match receivers.
								Has a gangly frame that is all arms and legs. Will have to add more functional strength to compete against NFL physicality. Keeps weight too far back in his backpedal. Technique somewhat raw and still needs refining. For all his ball skills, ended up with just three interceptions in 143 targets. Had some balance and footwork issues when matching receivers through route breaks. Tape of his run support is not for the weak. Almost always in a state of retreat when run heads his way. Unwilling to step downhill and stick his nose in to help contain the edge. Passivity against the run cost his team two touchdowns against Michigan.
							
2017	Howard Wilson	2558158	CB	Houston	William Jackson III rose to the ranks of elite prospects during the buildup to the 2016 NFL Draft. Wilson saw his teammate go through that process and decided that he is ready to impress evaluators with his talents. He showed them a lot in 2016, earning first-team All-American Athletic Conference honors by leading his team with five interceptions (also 54 tackles and five pass break-ups). Wilson had hoped to break out with Jackson in 2015, but he tore up his knee after an interception in the season's third game and was awarded a medical redshirt. The second-team all-state pick from Texas was a great recruiting pickup for Houston, and he showed why as a true freshman. Wilson picked off three passes and made 48 tackles that year, playing in all 13 games and starting three.	Took the ball away in high school and continued to do it in college. Averaged an interception (nine total) every 15 targets despite just one season as a full-time starter. Drapes his length over throwing windows. Has impressive burst to ball that brings him into range to make plays on the throw. Has the size and speed to stay with burners down the field. Springy leaper with catch radius to ruin the 50/50 tries. Always monitoring quarterback from off-man and zone. Will take a direct line to the ball when he decides to trigger. Has the hips and feet to mirror and match all over the field. Well-coached and experienced in a variety of techniques. Shows no fear when it's time to come get ball carriers as a tackler. Goes low and goes hard. 
								Has very limited experience relative to the rest of the cornerbacks in this draft. Missed most of 2015 with an ACL tear that teams will look into at the combine. Will require additional time to hone his pattern recognition and instincts down the field. Has a very thin frame with skinny legs. Lacks desired muscular definition and needs a full year of work in an NFL weight program to pack on necessary muscle. Plays a little too upright at times. Scouts believe he could struggle early inside a complicated defensive scheme. 
							
2017	Xavier Woods	2558159	S	Louisiana Tech	People in Ruston will tell you that they loved having Woods on their team for four years, and Conference USA coaches thought enough of his talent to name him first-team All-Conference USA each of the last three seasons. He started ten games as a true freshman and then exploded onto the college football scene in 2014 when making his sixth interception (and second pick-six) of the season in a win over Illinois in the Zaxby's Heart of Dallas Bowl. He ended up with 71 tackles, 3.5 for loss, seven pass breakups, and three forced fumbles. Woods also produced well in 2015 (56 tackles, 7.5 for loss, three INT, three PBU) and 2016 (89 tackles, 6.5 for loss, five INT, 6 PBU) all-conference campaigns.	Ball skills are a plus. From high safety, tracks the ball the moment it comes out of quarterback's hands. Understands when he can undercut routes and has sticky hands to bring the ball in. Plays with above average instincts that have him primed to swoop into a passing lane. Drives hard on the route as soon as quarterback begins windup. Considers the ball his birthright. Always looking to make a play and is often successful. Has ridiculous ball production over last three seasons with fourteen interceptions and five forced fumbles. Can bring the wood as a hitter and has talent for timing hit to jar the ball loose from receivers. Good tackle production despite being moved around the field.
								Size is a little below average for the position. Better hitter than tackler. Needs to fine-tune tackle fundamentals to eliminate misses in space. Slow to change direction. Lacks reactive athleticism and quickness for desired recovery ability. Backpedal is upright and little rigid. Tightness through his hips limits stride length and agility in space. Can be slow to range from the hash to the boundary against deep ball unless he gets a head-start. Will bust coverage looking to make a play. Gets caught guessing and can be manipulated and moved by quarterback glances. Will have to learn to play with better discipline.
							
2017	Will Worth	2558160	QB	Navy	Worth was both one of the great stories of the 2016 college football season, and one of the most heartbreaking. Navy's starting quarterback, Tago Smith, went down with an injury in the season opener. In stepped Worth, who had played in two games as a quarterback running the option in his career, one in 2013 and one in 2014 (though he was the team's holder on placekicks in 2015). All he did in his 12 games of action was run for 1,198 yards on 264 carries and finish second in the nation with 25 rushing touchdowns. He also went 72-for-117 passing for 1,397 yards and eight touchdowns (three interceptions). He got the Midshipmen to the AAC Championship Game, with the hopes they would be the Group of Five participant in the New Year's Six bowl games. Alas, the heartbreak came when he broke his foot in that contest, ending his season.	NA	NA
2017	Joe Yearby	2558161	RB	Miami	After going from full-time starter to third string, Yearby decided it was time to leave Miami for the NFL. A two-time high school state champ and one of the top recruits at any position in the country, he stayed home in Miami to play for the Hurricanes. Yearby was a regular contributor as a true freshman (86 carries, 509 yards, one touchdown) before getting the starting nod in 2015. He garnered third-team All-ACC notice that season, carrying the ball 2015 times for 1,002 yards and six scores along with catching 23 passes for 273 yards and two touchdowns. With new head coach Mark Richt and Walton leading the offense, Yearby took a back seat last fall (102-608, seven TDs), getting only three carries in the final two games. That, along with being the father of two young children, led Yearby to go pro.	Plays at a fast pace and can process run lane development quickly. Has light, bounding feet that allow him to probe along the offensive line and dart in and out of would-be run lanes. Features a good burst to the edge to race around the corner. Uses effective spin move to maneuver out of tackles. Plays with above average contact balance and will fight for additional yardage. Has one-cut quickness when he sees his path. Elusive runner with shake in tight quarters. Can make defenders miss on first and second levels and strings runs together. Has just one career fumble in 393 attempts.
								Lost almost half of his carries this season to a more talented sophomore running back. Squatty build can carry additional body fat if he's not diligent in workouts. Short-stepper who is more quick than fast. Is usually walked down from behind in open field. Tight-hipped and runs with a fairly narrow base. Runs hard but isn't much of a tackle breaker. Plays so fast that his patience can be an issue. Below average success rate in short yardage situations.
							
2017	Ishmael Zamora	2558162	WR	Baylor	Before the 2016 season, a video was released that showed Zamora beating his dog with a belt. A former Baylor student took the video to the Baylor Police Department, and Waco police charged him with misdemeanor animal abuse. He was suspended for three games by the team, cited by police with a fine, completed 40 hours of community service and lost his dog to an animal-friendly home. Zamora is an incredible athlete that excelled late in his high school career on the gridiron and on the track, winning a state championship in the 110-meter hurdles as a junior. He redshirted with the Bears in 2014 and played on occasion during his freshman year (9-132, two TDs receiving; 5-142 on kick returns). Zamora finished second on the team with 63 receptions for 809 yards and eight touchdowns in 2016. He then decided to head to the NFL with Baylor's top receiver, junior KD Cannon. 	Impressive overall size and frame. Massive target who might be able to mismatch smaller cornerbacks in the NFL. Size/speed prospect with build-up acceleration to climb over cornerbacks. Possesses untapped potential. Limiting Baylor offense didn't ask as much from him as he has to offer. Plus athletic ability for a receiver his size. Former high school track star with desired hip flexibility and leaping ability. Flashes separation juice out of his route stems. Ball tracking is adequate. Plays to his size after the catch and can be a punishing runner while banging through tackle attempts for additional yardage.
								Much too reliant upon size and athleticism over route acumen. Limited route work. Baylor offense prevented him from getting much experience on intermediate level. Hands lie to him. Will drop some easy ones. Catch attempts lack focus when forced to extend outside his frame. Inconsistent pass catcher in traffic and will drift on in-breaking routes. Needs to learn how to best utilize his frame to shield defenders from catch attempts. Effort and desire as a run blocker can be very disappointing. Was not invited to the Combine due to character concerns. Suspended for three games by Baylor, charged with misdemeanor and given 40 hours of community service after video surfaced of him stomping on and whipping his dog with a belt.
							
2017	Alex Anzalone	2558163	LB	Florida	Anzalone (pronounced ann-zuh-LOAN-ee) came to Gainesville as a fantastic two-way high school star in Pennsylvania, but has spent almost as much time on the trainer's table than on the field during his career. He played in 10 games as a true freshman, only making two tackles as he struggled with a shoulder issue. Anzalone played in all 12 games as a reserve in 2014, making 14 stops, one for loss. He finally got his chance to start as a junior, but had to redshirt after injuring his shoulder again in the second game of the year (six tackles). The linebacker known for his long, blonde hair started the Gators' first eight contests in 2016, collecting 53 tackles (four TFL, three sacks) but again was sidelined for the end of the season with a broken left arm.	Has desired size and athleticism to fit into any defensive scheme. His fluid hips allow for easy flips and turns in space. Wide open strider with plus range. Makes up plenty of ground to the perimeter when looking to reel in running backs. Plays with gap-to-gap lateral quickness in his shuffle. Races downhill to get a taste of what iso blockers are serving up. Three-down linebacker who showed off the speed to carry running backs down the field in coverage. Has experience playing all three linebacker spots. Squeezes routes from zone and has acceleration to match seam-running tight-ends. Has closing burst and enough wiggle to challenge the pocket as a blitzer. 
								Has had substantial injuries in his background that helped limit his playing time and production. Has no interceptions or forced fumbles at Florida. Plays with inconsistent base. Contact balance is very average. Needs to improve with taking on pulling guards and cross blocking H-backs. Disengagement takes too long and he expends too much energy. Needs to punch and move to avoid being engulfed by linemen. Gets moved out of his run fits by misdirection. Overreacts to play fakes and will lose sight of the ball. At times, will look to do too much in coverage rather than just manning his position. 
							
2017	Toby Baker	2558164	P	Arkansas	Despite being a star quarterback and punter in high school, Baker had to walk on at Arkansas in 2012. He redshirted that year, and played sparingly in 2013 and 2014 before finally getting his shot as a junior. In 2015, he averaged 41.2 yards a punt, forced 16 fair catches versus just two touchbacks, and place 23-of-43 punts inside the 20-yard line. Baker missed out on all-conference honors his senior year, but he finished in the top 15 nationally in punting average (44.4), with 24 fair catches and 22 inside the 20 on 57 punts (just three ending up in touchbacks).	Has good size for the position. Had a 50-plus yard punt in 10 of the 11 games he kicked in this season. Had 36.8 percent of his total punts this year go 50 yards or more. Forced a fair catch rate of 42.1 percent and has not had a punt blocked over the last two seasons. Lauded for his mental toughness and attention to details by the coaching staff.
								Has a low percentage of punts inside the opponent's 10-yard line over last two seasons. Will need to expedite his snap-to-punt time as it is a little below the NFL average. Hang time can use improvement.
							
2017	Tarell Basham	2558165	DE	Ohio	Basham's become quite a football player during his career at Ohio, but his parents are probably most proud of his perfect high school attendance and the fact he's the first member of the family to attend college. He played one fall at Hargrave Military Academy, which prepared him to make an impression in his freshman year, earning Freshman All-American notice (9.5 tackles for loss, 7.5 sacks). He played well in 2014 (six TFL, five sacks) and 2015 (led team with 11 TFL, 5.5 sacks), as well, but really broke out in 2016 as the Mid-American Conference's Defensive Player of the Year (16 tackles for loss, 11.5 sacks ? tied for 11th in the FBS).	Possesses an NFL-ready build including long arms and big, strong hands. Shows flashes of explosive twitch in his attack upfield. Able to dislodge a tackle's anchor with his speed-to-power move. Has upper body power and traits to become better at softening the edge as a rusher. Plays with good short area burst to close out running backs and scrambling quarterbacks. Maintains functional motor to keep looking for tackles outside of his general area. Asked to drop into space at times and showed enough athletic ability to handle it. Roughneck who likes to take it to tackles and tight ends as edge-setter. Gives physical redirect of tight ends getting into routes. 
								Plays with tightness in his hips which restricts his bend and pad level. Straight-line attacker who will roll past his target if he doesn't gather his weight early. His pass rush attack is still basic. Leaves his hands at home rather than turning them into weapons of victory. Tries to bull his way around the edge with strong lower body rather than softening edge with his hands. Needs to develop a better plan with reliable counters to beat pro tackles. Lacks smoothness in his turn around the corner. Can still get more out of his long arms. 
							
2017	Tyus Bowser	2558166	LB	Houston	Bowser was looking for a huge senior season, coming off of a junior year where he started every game, making 50 tackles, 6.5 for loss, and 5.5 sacks. Unfortunately, a fight with one of his teammates resulted in his missing a month with a broken orbital bone. He overcame that setback to still garner second-team all-conference honors, leading the team with 8.5 sacks among his 12 tackles for loss in just eight games. Bowser played basketball and football over his first two years on campus. He played all games on the gridiron as a freshman (26 tackles, 5.5 TFL, 4.5 sacks) and sophomore (13 tackles, 3.5 TFL, three sacks), starting once each season.	Explosive, quick-twitch athlete. Bursts out of his stance and challenges the edge. Good shoulder turn at the edge of rush and can dip and corner with very tight radius. Showed ability to play in variety of spots. Crisp change of direction ability. Took to his coaching and showed drastic improvement against the run this year. Played two years of college basketball at Houston which shows up with his footwork and fluidity when dropping into space. Has ability to pattern match tight ends. Light is starting to come on for him. Should have a big day at the combine.

								Undersized on the edge. May not have the frame to carry much more weight. Can be engulfed by size. Needs to get better with hands at point of attack. Still has issues where he looks like a basketball guy learning football. Production as pass rusher doesn't match his explosive traits. Pass rush is built around athleticism and not enough around skill. Has to get even tougher and more skilled against the run.
							
2017	Joshua Dobbs	2558167	QB	Tennessee	Expectations were high for Tennessee and Dobbs coming into 2016, but unfortunately there wasn't a SEC East title or Heisman Trophy in the picture. One of the most intelligent (aerospace engineering major) and likeable players in college football, Dobbs did perform well at times in his senior year, racking up 2,946 yards and 27 touchdowns through the air and 831 yards with 12 scores on the ground. His 12 interceptions set a career high, however. Dobbs started all 13 games for the first time in his career as a junior (2,291 yards, 15 TD, five INT passing; 671 yards, 11 TD rushing), which followed a strong sophomore campaign where he was named the TaxSlayer.com Bowl MVP after accumulating 205 yards of offense and three scores against Iowa. The four-star recruit from Georgia actually started four games for the Vols as a true freshman (695 yards, two TD, six INT passing; 189 yards, one TD rushing).	Has the ball handling and release quickness to get the ball out early when challenged by sudden pressure. Able to get through progressions to the check down option. Throws a tight spiral with adequate drive velocity. Eye-catching deep pass accuracy (47.7  completion percentage) with 14 touchdowns on throws 21-plus yards. Displayed good mental toughness. Can make timely exits from the pocket and win with his feet against overzealous rushers who vacate their rush lanes. Has explosive ability as a runner. Offers a team packaged-play potential in short yardage situations.
								Could use more weight on his frame. Below average delivery balance affects his accuracy and ball placement. Footwork is uneven and causes him to throw from unbalanced platform too often. Throwing motion causes him to push some throws. Floats the deep out allowing defenders to close out his passing windows. Decision making not where he needs it to be. Can't always get away from poor looks once he's made his mind up pre-snap. Threw nine interceptions on just 104 attempts beyond 10 yards this season.
							
2017	Rasul Douglas	2558168	CB	West Virginia	It's been an interesting journey for Douglas from an unknown at junior college to first-team All-Big 12 selection and NFL prospect. Lightly recruited out of East Orange, New Jersey, Douglas struggled through a redshirt year at Nassau Community College in New York. He took on a playmaking role in 2013, intercepting three passes and breaking up three others. Douglas' game took off the following year; he garnered first-team junior college All-American status with 7.5 tackles for loss, two interceptions and 15 pass breakups. Offers came from Florida State and Louisville, but he decided to stay nearer to home in Morgantown. He played in 11 games in 2015 (eight tackles, one INT) before once again stepping up to tie for the national lead with eight interceptions (along with 70 tackles, 3.5 for loss, and eight pass breakups) in 2016.	Tall, sporting an angular frame with good overall length. Very aware from zone coverage. Will roll out of his coverage area and overlap in order to make a play. Reads quarterbacks drops and will break early to race ahead of slants and make a play on the throw. Finisher when the ball is there to be had and flashed ball skills of a pro. Plays with strong hands. Able to go up high and win the 50-50 balls and needs very little time to have hands interception-ready. Good recognition of route combinations and will shift from pattern to pattern. Not a physical tackler but gets guys down. Length allows him to catch stray running backs breaking contain. 
								Tall corner who plays upright in his pedal, which affects his balance and transition quickness. Very average in his pattern matching and has below average closing burst to the ball. Won't be able to match quick-footed receivers from press coverage. Athletic and coverage limitations could limit his scheme fits. Doesn't have the downfield juice to stick with burners on go routes. Makeup speed is below average. Inconsistent hitter who may lack necessary aggressiveness as tackler to project to safety. Defaults to arm tackles. 
							
2017	Jessamen Dunker	2558169	G	Tennessee St.	As a four-star recruit that changed high schools as a senior for football reasons, great things were expected from Dunker when he signed with the University of Florida. He redshirted his first year in Gainesville, but an arrest for grand theft of a motor scooter made him decide to transfer in the following spring. Instead of sitting out a year at another FBS school, he went to Tennessee State, where he immediately grabbed the starting left tackle spot. Dunker started at left tackle and left guard in 2014, then received second-team All-Ohio Valley Conference notice as a junior for his work at left and right guard. He met high expectations as a senior, starting every game at left tackle again and grabbing first-team All-OVC and numerous FCS All-American honors in the process.	Good athlete with few physical limitations in space. Has the feet to reach challenging blocks with more technique work. Able to get to cut-off blocks. Has adequate connection rate on linebackers and box safeties. Arm length and hand size is a plus. Plays with a wide base in his pass sets. Has ability to slide from gap to gap to handle quickness requirements against twists and blitzes.
								Play strength doesn't match his weight. Was unable to anchor against speed-to-power as a tackle. When defenders stab his chest, he is unlikely to reset hands and recover. Has issues over-setting at both guard and tackle. Guard-only prospect. Plays way out over his toes in run game and falls off of blocks. Feet move as drive blocker, but there isn't much push behind them. Can be rag-dolled at point of attack by power.
							
2017	Travin Dural	2558170	WR	LSU	Injuries and the Tigers' passing game woes have hampered Dural's productivity during his career. He was forced to redshirt the 2012 season after injuring his knee in pre-season practice, but came back to contribute as a reserve in 2013 (7-145, two TD). Dural had a breakout year as a sophomore, starting every game and leading the team in receptions (37), receiving yards (758) and receiving scores (seven). His production dipped in 2015 (28-533, three TD) partially due to a hamstring injury late in the year. In 2016, Dural managed only 28 catches for 280 yards and one score in a mediocre LSU passing attack, again missing time in November because of a shoulder issue.	Good size with great play speed. Has wheels to challenge cornerbacks up and over the top if they start to sit on his routes. Has the feet to jab and juke into the clear against press with more coaching. Early accelerator into his routes with desired forward lean. Doesn't need extended runway to hit top speed. Plus athlete with the wiggle and speed to turn crossing routes into chunk plays. Plays with some grit after the catch when challenging tacklers. Much more talented than his production would indicate. Possesses adequate toughness. Efficient hand fighter who is able to adjust routes against contact. Always plays up to his natural speed. Gives reliable effort as blocker and has the size to widen the contain of smaller corners.
								Small hands measured less than 9 inches last spring. Suffers from occasional focus drops. Finished with just one catch of 20-plus yards. Lack of production could bother scouts despite poor quarterback play. Never reached the 40 catch mark in any of his seasons at LSU. Has long speed, but below-average ball skills to capitalize. Tracking and gauging the deep ball is a challenge. Allows defenders room to play the ball rather than stacking and controlling them on his hip. Routes powered by speed over precision. Inconsistent when asked to make combat catches. 
							
2017	Corn Elder	2558171	CB	Miami	Elder is one of many players that changed positions when they entered college -- and the move has paid off. He was a top 30 running back prospect nationally, however, coming out of Nashville as he was named Mr. Football Running Back of the Year for Tennessee as a junior and senior (2,618 rush yards, 39 TD). Given his size (5-foot-10, 180) and tenacious attitude, Miami coaches moved Elder to cornerback for his true freshman season in 2013 (seven tackles, missed two games with injury). He played often as a reserve, plus one start, in 2014 (34 tackles, three for loss, four breakups) before becoming a key member of the secondary as a junior (seven starts, 41 tackles, four for loss, two sacks, two INT, 11 pass breakups). Elder also returned both a kickoff and punt return in 2015. ACC coaches named him first-team all-conference for his play as a senior, as he made 76 tackles, 4.5 for loss, intercepting one pass and breaking up 12 others.	Doesn't realize he's undersized. Plays physically and with good confidence. Patient from press with footwork and body control for extended mirroring of release. Gets into receivers and can take their route off-schedule. Sinks into receivers on outside release constricting the vertical throwing window. Plays variety of coverages and squeezes routes in all. Former high school basketball star with point guard quickness and little hesitation in his transitions. Twitchy click-and-close to the ball. Plus instincts and ready to pounce on throws from zone. Aggressive in run support striking through his target and running his feet through completion.
To enable screen reader support, press shortcut Ctrl+Alt+Z. To learn about keyboard shortcuts, press shortcut Ctrl+slash.
 
 
 	  	Sheet1
 		
 
Explore

Doesn't realize he's undersized. Plays physically and with good confidence. Patient from press with footwork and body control for extended mirroring of release. Gets into receivers and can take their route off-schedule. Sinks into receivers on outside release constricting the vertical throwing window. Plays variety of coverages and squeezes routes in all. Former high school basketball star with point guard quickness and little hesitation in his transitions. Twitchy click-and-close to the ball. Plus instincts and ready to pounce on throws from zone. Aggressive in run support striking through his target and running his feet through completion.
								Will be too small to play outside in the pros. Lightweight and will get "big-boyed" by bigger slots who play with good route strength. Quicker than fast. Lacking a second gear and will give up some separation on intermediate and deep routes. Has issues defending the high throw. Tall receivers can go up and over him. Physical nature could create durability concerns if pressed into extensive run-support situations.
							
2017	Jake Elliott	2558172	K	Memphis	Not many players earn first-team all-conference recognition in all four years of their playing career. Elliott, however, did just that for the Tigers, becoming the school's all-time leading scorer as well as setting records for field goals made in total and from 50 yards away or more. This at a school that produced New England Patriots All-Pro Stephen Gostkowski. Elliott made 21-of-26 field goals in 2016, was also an Academic All-American just one year after being named an AP All-American (and Lou Groza Award finalist) for on-the-field play (23-of-28 FG). He started his career with a bang in 2013, going 16-for-18 on field goal attempts including three from 50 yards or more. Elliott had a sophomore slump (21-of-32 FG, 6-of-16 from over 40 yards), but did not miss an extra point throughout his career, making 202 straight. Elliott has been a four-year kickoff specialist, as well, having 210 of his 330 attempts (63.7 percent) count as touchbacks.	Very quick leg action on his follow-through. Kicks with excellent trajectory. Doesn't allow an early miss to wreck his confidence. Has had three of six onside kicks recovered including all three attempts over last two seasons. Had just one kick blocked over four years. Never allowed a kickoff return for a touchdown. Simply never misses chip shot kicks making every attempt inside of 30 yards for his career.
								Kickoff distance and hang-time are below desired NFL marks. Will need to add more distance to his kickoffs as a pro. Has a smallish frame and could have issues as a last line of defense on kickoffs. Has had issues hitting mid-range field goals with consistency. Initial jab step into approach is a little slow. 
							
2017	Amba Etta-Tawo	2558173	WR	Syracuse	There wasn't a lot of talk nationally about Etta-Tawo (pronounced ET-ta-TAH-wo) moving from Maryland to Syracuse as a graduate transfer this summer. Once the season started, however, his name was on the lips of most everyone in the college football world because he caught 47 passes for 834 yards and six scores in the team's first six games. He finished his senior season as a first-team All-ACC pick and ranked in the top ten nationally in all of the major receiving categories (94-1,482, 14 TD). The Georgia high school star started off his career at Maryland with a solid redshirt freshman season (31-500, two TD), but saw his contribution decrease the following two years (10-222, TD in 2014; 20-216, no scores in 2015).	Above average height, weight and speed. His routes got sharper and hands got stickier as the season progressed. Developed some explosiveness out of his stems and in his in-breaking routes. Has acceleration to create adequate separation on all levels. Flashes quick-release potential in his feet against press corners. Builds up to top speed and races past unsuspecting cornerbacks if they don't open to run early. Finds the deep ball quickly and will body up to create late separation for the catch. Impressive down-gear from sprint to stop with comeback routes can shake tight man coverage. Plucks the throw way out in front of his body and has catch radius to snag throws outside his frame in all directions. Tucks throws away despite collisions at catch-point.
								Only one year of college production. Tagged with nine drops to his 30 catches in his second and third seasons. Will telegraph his comeback routes a little. Still very raw with his route running and wasn't asked to run much of the tree. High number of catches came via wide receiver screens and comebacks against off coverage. Numbers bolstered by system that can pull safeties out of the equation in his vertical routes. Had about a zillion drops at the Senior Bowl and looked out of his element. Struggled to shake press coverage during one-on-one drills.
							
2017	Rudy Ford	2558174	S	Auburn	Johnathan "Rudy" Ford was an All-Alabama running back in high school, but Auburn coaches moved him to defense in fall camp. He had a few carries as a true freshman for the Tigers (6-73, TD), but his destiny was on the other side of the line. Ford made five tackles in that first season, then jumped to a starting role at safety in 2014, topping all Tigers with 93 stops (2.5 TFL) and intercepting three passes. Coaches moved him between nickel and safety in 2015, and he again led the team with 118 tackles (3.5 TFL) while intercepting two more throws. Ford again played nickel as a senior, making fewer stops (59 tackles, 5.5 for loss) but more of a factor in coverage (seven pass breakups).	Compact frame carries some pop as a tackler. Comes downhill ready to put in work. Maintains run fits and leverages running backs to the sideline. Aggressive hitter who hits with his head up and looks to run through his target. Consistently productive tackler who is an efficient finisher. Has decent hands and can take the ball away if it is there for him. Plays safety and handled man coverage as a nickel this season. Has kick return and coverage experience on special teams.
								Plays with tightness in his hips. Is slow to open and transition in coverage. Gives up too much separation out of breaks to be counted on in full-time man cover situations. Straight-liner who can be slow to sink and change directions in space as a tackler. Lacks the length to slide around open field blockers quickly. Route anticipation and instincts are just average. Production on the ball is below average. 
							
2017	Nate Gerry	2558175	S	Nebraska	In an unfortunate turn of events, Gerry was deemed ineligible for Nebraska's bowl game against Tennessee in the Music City Bowl on December 30th. He took responsibility for his mistake, apologizing for his lack of attention to his academics. Gerry always fulfilled his job duties on the field for the Cornhuskers, including in a 2016 regular season where he was named third-team All-Big Ten (68 tackles, 5.5 for loss, four interceptions and eight pass breakups.) He had been an honorable mention all-conference pick the previous two years (88 tackles, seven for loss, five INT in 2014; 79 tackles, four INT, seven PBU in 2015). Nebraska coaches got the South Dakota all-state pick and state 100-meter champion on the field right away in 2013, starting him three times at linebacker (32 tackles, two for loss).	Chiseled from granite. Controlled, downhill shuffle from the box to mirror running back. Plays with advanced instincts against both run and pass. Anticipates patterns and can play ahead of receiver's breaks. Will not hesitate to fire into the passing lane. Has soft hands with plus ball skills leading to thirteen career interceptions. Races into his run support work. Can adjust his run fits according to flow of the play. Decisive when triggering downhill from high safety position. Takes smart angles to the ball with a good feel for speed vs. space. Looks to make tackles near line of scrimmage. Played combo safety role and has experience with slot coverage. 
								Plays with tightness in his lower half. Linear attacker with need for excessive gear-down to redirect his weight. Restricted strider with limited play range. Missed excessive amount of tackles over last two seasons. Lacks desired agility and change of direction in tight quarters to secure shifty runners. Slow to flip hips and accelerate down the field. Lacks speed, range and length to play single-high safety on pro level. Susceptible to separation when asked to work from backpedal.
							
2017	Eddie Jackson	2558176	S	Alabama	Jackson had a chance to leave for the NFL after an outstanding junior season in 2015, where he was a first-team All-SEC and third-team AP All-American selection (six interceptions, scoring on two). He decided to return, however, to help his team win back-to-back national championships. Unfortunately, he suffered a broken leg while returning a punt in the season's eighth game, ending his college career. Before that occurred, he had two punt returns for touchdowns in 2016 and secured second-team all-conference honors from league coaches with an interception and two pass break-ups. Jackson began his career in Tuscaloosa as a cornerback, starting four games as a freshman (20 tackles, one interception, two pass breakups). He tore his right ACL in spring 2014 practices, but still returned to start 10 games at corner in 2014 (41 tackles, two for loss, one INT, six PBU, two forced fumbles).	Has solid athleticism for the safety spot. Not a speed merchant but has the instincts and range to play over the top. Gets secondary lined up. Can cover tight ends and the occasional slot receiver. Former cornerback who played wide receiver in high school. Has the tracking, timing and hands to take the ball away when he gets his shot. Offers roster versatility. Returned two punts for touchdowns this season and has three career defensive touchdowns. Background as a returner makes him more dangerous than your average safety after an interception.
								Long, but lanky and not built for a physical pounding. Grab and drag tackler. Will do what he has to against the run, but he's not going to be a tone-setter with his hitting. Dominant defensive front made his job in coverage much easier. Had some easy, no-brainer interceptions float his way on overthrows. Can get too cute trying to stay glued to the quarterback's eyes rather than triggering towards his boundary help over the top. Will occasionally lose track of his deep ball responsibility. Has had two major injuries in his career that will draw plenty of attention at the combine.
							
2017	Keith Kelsey	2558177	LB	Louisville	Keith Kelsey, Sr. played linebacker at Florida in the 1990s, so it was natural for his son to play for one of the Gators' defensive coaches at the time -- Charlie Strong. Dad's former coach played Junior quite a bit as a true freshman, recording 24 tackles on the season. Stepping into the starting lineup as a sophomore, Kelsey compiled 87 tackles in the middle, including seven for loss, and six sacks. League coaches voted him second-team All-ACC in 2015, as he lead the Cardinals with 107 tackles, 12 for loss, and 3.5 sacks. His production as a senior was down slightly (team-leading 93 tackles, 5.5 for loss, one sack) but once again received third-team all-conference honors for his efforts.	Productive tackler for all three years as a starter at Louisville. Prefers to play the game downhill looking to attack near the line of scrimmage. Will not stop pursuing the football until he hears the whistle blow. Has desired aggressiveness for interior linebacker spot. Body up, wrap 'em up tackler. Stat sheet filled with hustle plays including three forced fumbles this season and 10.5 career sacks.
								Not a very fluid athlete. Slow to transition in his change of direction and is likely to have issues making the open field tackle on the next level. Play speed is below average. Will have problems effectively chasing runners headed to the perimeter. Tape filled with diving tackle attempts that are likely to turn into misses against better competition. Instincts are below average and it can take him time to find the ball.
							
2017	Zane Gonzalez	2558178	K	Arizona State	Gonzalez finished his career in Tempe as the FBS record holder for most field goals made with 96 (previous record of 88 held by Dustin Hopkins from Florida State) out of 116 attempts, an 83 percent clip. He won first-team All-American and All-Pac-12 recognition as a senior by connecting on 23-of-25 field goal attempts, including seven-of-nine kicks from over 50 yards (his previous long was 49 yards). Gonzalez ranked second in the FBS with 26 field goal makes in 2015, including a conference-record six-field goal effort against Cal. He's also boomed 126-of-167 kickoffs (75 percent) for touchbacks over the past two seasons. The Texas native was a second-team All-Pac-12 honoree in 2014 (22-of-27 FG) and first-team all-conference pick as a true freshman (25-of-30 FG, school-record 138 points).	Has a powerful lower body and gets good trajectory on long-distance kicks. Has continued to add size and leg strength. Nailed 13 or 15 kicks of 40-plus yards this season including seven of nine from 50-plus. Kicks have desired end over end rotation. Finished career as the 24th most accurate kicker in FBS history. Banged kickoffs into touchbacks at a rate of 75 percent over the last two seasons. Has good operation time with hasty approach to strike the ball. His obsessive-compulsive disorder helps to create an orderly approach that has in part led to his success.
								Uses altered follow through for shorter kicks. Tends to short-leg shorter kicks, causing some inconsistencies with his accuracy. Takes questionable angles in his pursuit of kick returners. Has allowed three kick returns for touchdowns over last two seasons. Kickoff hang-time was slightly below average.
							
2017	Cole Hikutini	2558179	TE	Louisville	Even Heisman Trophy-winning quarterbacks like Lamar Jackson need safety valves to keep the offense moving. Hikutini (hick-uh-TEE-nee) was just that the past two years, especially in 2016 when he was a second-team All-ACC pick, leading the team in receptions (50) and receiving touchdowns (eight) and second in yards (668). Hikutini only played one year of high school football, so he flew under recruiting radars. He began his career at Sacramento State, redshirting his first year and starting four games in 2013 (21-204, five TD). To get noticed by FCS schools, he transferred to City College of San Francisco for one year, where he shined (40-658, four TD). That led to Louisville signing him, and utilizing him regularly in his first year with the Cardinals (19-348, three TD).	Above average size for a move tight end. Moves well in space. Able to bend linebackers and safeties out of position with certain routes. Good acceleration out of his turns to separate and present quarterback with easier throws. Good in short zones. Seam-buster with speed to attack over the top of linebackers and run under the deep ball. Plus ball skills. Can track it and adjust in space. Natural hands pluck it away from his frame. Has speed and athleticism to extend plays after the catch. Dangerous mismatch option near goal line. Wins the 50/50 throws. Positional blocker who gives just enough effort to occupy defender in space.
								Needs to get tougher as a blocker. Not physical enough for that in-line life. Ducks head and grabs at the point of attack. Needs to be more aware of potential reroutes by linebackers and adjust his routes accordingly. Top of his routes lack sink and suddenness. Has to play strong after the catch to avoid being stripped on next level. Has just one year of production to his name.
							
2017	Colin Holba	2558180	LS	Louisville	Holba was the valedictorian of the largest high school in Kentucky, a three-year baseball player, and had two years of experience as a long snapper when he decided to walk on at Louisville. His father, John, played quarterback at Ohio University and Western Michigan, and his cousin, Andrew, is an offensive lineman at the Air Force Academy. Holba redshirted in 2012, and played in only one game between the 2013 and 2014 seasons as four-year starter Grant Donovan had everything under control. He stepped in for Donovan in 2015 as the team's short and long-snapper, and held that job in 2016 as well. He made three tackles in coverage the past two years while providing consistent snaps for placements and punts.	Two-year long snapper. Has good velocity on both short and longer snaps. Field goal and extra point placement is very consistent. Snap-to-punt time is near NFL range. Has rangy frame with long arms and should be able to add more weight. Has snapped for both left and right-footed kickers.
								Could benefit from adding strength. Gives ground and allows push through his edges on field goals. Placement of punt snaps was a little low at times.
							
2017	Danny Isidora	2558181	G	Miami	For the past three years, Isidora has been a steady performer at the right guard spot for the Hurricanes. A four-star recruit from Weston, Florida, he redshirted his first year on campus to get stronger and then missed the first 10 games of the 2013 season due to a foot injury. Isidora grabbed the starting spot for the start of the 2014 season and did not relinquish it through the rest of his career. He finally received notice for his play by league coaches after the 2016 season, being one of three guards to be voted second-team All-ACC.	Has size of an NFL guard with thick bubble and good arm length for interior. Big man with light feet and plus agility. Can lead the charge as pulling guard and has reactive quickness for sudden adjustments in space. Never loses sight of his second level target on work-up blocks. Strong hands can snatch and sustain his blocks. Won't linger on secure block long and climbs quickly up to linebackers. Instinctive. Recognizes when tackles are setting up twists and immediately searches for the second block. Will find additional work in pass protection. Patient and quiet with his hands and uses well-timed, stiff punch with inside hand. Feet can mirror throughout the rep.
								Plays with an excessively wide base causing him to get jostled off-balance by power. Issues holding up to power showed up at the Senior Bowl practices. Had to fight overtime to maintain his positioning. More stalemater than block winner. Has some wasted motion in his movements in space. Needs to work feet into position for better block security. Can be frenetic up to second level. Allows momentum to carry him beyond his target at times.
							
2017	Rayshawn  Jenkins	2558182	S	Miami	One of 16 siblings, Jenkins has had to fight for everything he gets throughout his life -- and it shows with his competitive spirit on the field. The former high school quarterback and state track hurdles winner has started at least two games in each of his four active seasons. He started twice as a true freshman (27 tackles, one interception, three pass breakups), then all but one contest in 2013 (46 tackles, three INT, five PBU). Jenkins suffered a herniated disc while weightlifting before the 2014 season, leading him to have surgery and redshirt the year. He started seven games in his comeback junior season (52 tackles, 2.5 for loss, three INT, five PBU) and then earned third-team All-ACC recognition from league media for this 2016 efforts (76 tackles, 4.5 for loss, two INT, seven PBU).	Looks like a Miami safety with good size, long arms and an aggressive field demeanor. Looks to punish pass catchers over the middle and running backs looking to finish their runs against him. Has size and physicality to handle run support in the box. Gets wide as a tackler and fires from his hips. Does a nice job of reading keys when stepping downhill to fill his run fits. Might be able to handle coverage against matchup tight ends. Play speed is adequate for what he will be asked to do. Can chase and challenge the deep throws. Played some receiver in high school and shows that timing in his high-point challenges. Has soft hands to take it away when he's in position. 
								Doesn't make enough plays on the ball. Instincts are average and route anticipation needs work. Likes to see ball released before making commitment to close. Inefficient movement from high safety. Plays it too safe and needs to squeeze routes and take more chances. Average athlete. Opens hips from his backpedal before he needs to declare. NFL post routes could be a lot for him to handle. Can be sluggish in man coverage transitions, giving up too much separation. Comes downhill hot and will fly into tackle attempts at poor angles that result in misses. Needs to run into and through ball carrier rather than leaping from distance. 
							
2017	John Johnson	2558183	S	Boston College	Johnson's career with the Eagles ended on a high note, beating his home-state team, Maryland, in the Quick Lane Bowl. He had 12 tackles (11 solo) in the contest, capping off an excellent senior season (77 tackles, 2.5 for loss, three interceptions, nine pass breakups). In 2015, Johnson got on scouts' radars as a first-year starter (63 tackles, 1.5 for loss, three INT, three PBU). He may have done so as a sophomore, but missed the last five regular season games of the year with an arm injury before coming back for the bowl game (25 tackles on the year, two PBU). The second-team all-state pick from Maryland contributed in all 12 games as a freshman, picking up four tackles and a fumble recovery.	Has starting experience as cornerback and safety. Can play high safety or cover the slot. Plays with smooth hips and above average mirror and match footwork for the safety spot. At ease with directional changes in space. Adequate instincts in coverage. Will shade his coverage from high safety based on play development and quarterback's glances. Winning ball skills with very good ball tracking and soft hands. Interceptions don't just come his way, he goes and gets them. Has agility to take zig-zag downhill track to running backs. Bounces into run fits with lively feet and a tackle-ready base. Special teams monster with 30 tackles over the last three seasons on cover teams. 
								Tends to take passive routes to the ball when he's the last line of defense. Leverages to the sideline while drifting backwards rather than closing downhill. Features a small delay at top of his transition when triggering. Needs to improve physicality as a tackler. Feet deaden near point of impact. Needs to drive through his target and finish with his feet. 
							
2017	Damontae Kazee	2558184	CB	San Diego St.	Coming off a 2015 season where he tied for the second-most interceptions in the FBS (eight) and was named Mountain West Defensive Player of the Year (75 tackles, seven pass breakups), Kazee strongly considered entering the 2016 draft as an underclassmen. He returned to San Diego, however, to finish out his career -- and again was named the conference defender of the year and first-team all-conference pick. Kazee again tied for second in the nation with seven interceptions, breaking up eight others. His playmaking abilities started as a true freshman, when he came to SDSU after his brother, Walter, finished his time with the Aztecs as a running back. He led the Mountain West with four forced fumbles and making 41 tackles despite not starting a game. Kazee moved into the starting lineup as a sophomore, leading the team with 13 breakups and intercepting another.	Good bounce in his feet for short area movement. Plays with a quick transition forward from his pedal when reacting to the route. Looks for most efficient route to the ball to disrupt the catch. Very good route awareness from zone. Can split the high-low combinations and anticipates the chosen route early. Highly instinctive with a taste for turnovers. Wants to make a play on every ball thrown his way. Posted 43 passes defensed over the last three years including 16 interceptions during that time. Active and downhill in his run support.
								Tall and a little tight in his backpedal. Unable to carry deep speed down the field. Can be beaten over the top if he's not diligent with his positioning. Can be run out of position by play-action and jet sweeps that are directed his way. Has recovery quickness underneath, but is missing recovery speed. Takes unsound angles in run support and will lose contain. Lacks size for outside and could be mismatched against size.
							
2017	Tanoh Kpassagnon	2558185	DE	Villanova	Tanoh Kpassagnon (Tawn-oh pass-N-yo) is an intelligent young man and a fantastic athlete. The son of a chemical scientist and economist was an accounting/finance double major who already had an internship with accounting firm PricewaterhouseCoopers. His career got off to a slow start, redshirting in 2012, playing as a reserve in 2013 (15 tackles, one sack) and then missing eight games with a torn right MCL in his sophomore campaign (12 tackles, five for loss, 3.5 sacks in six games). Kpassagnon got healthy in 2015, turning in a first-team All-Colonial Athletic Association season with 9.5 tackles for loss and 6.5 sacks. The Pennsylvania native took his game up a notch last fall, garnering first-team Associated Press FCS All-American honors, ranking sixth in the FCS with 21.5 tackles for loss and tying for fifth nationally with 11 sacks.	Big body and long frame. Should be able to continue packing pounds onto his frame. Flashes some upper body power with an ability to fight through move blocks. Has plus athleticism with explosive hip thrust that can jolt blockers at point of attack. Has lateral quickness to beat reach blocks and slice into the backfield. Has the tools to be a one- or two-gap player. Raw in his pass rush, but shows occasional glimpses into his potential. Athletic with range and above average tackle radius. Highly intelligent and very mature. History of blocking kicks will catch the eye of a special team's coach.
								Average explosiveness up the field. Doesn't find ways to the edge as a pass rusher often enough. Too content to just ride on a stale bull rush. Plays with excessively narrow base and anchor. Functional contact balance seems to be a coin-flip from snap to snap. Legs don't always look steady under him. Tussles with blocker in front of him and loses track of the ball. Plays upright and gets pads turned too easily by blockers widening him out of the hole. Need to learn to use his length to punch and control at the point.
							
2017	Brendan Langley	2558186	CB	Lamar	A Marietta, Georgia native, Langley signed on with the home-state Bulldogs as a top 25 cornerback recruit nationally. However, the team asked him to move to receiver at the start of his freshman season. Eventually Langley moved back to the cornerback spot later that year, even starting four games in nine appearances (12 tackles, two PBU). He played just five games, starting once, at Georgia in 2014 (four tackles, one TFL, one PBU). Looking for more playing time, he transferred to Lamar for his junior year (11 games, three starts, 21 tackles, one interception for 86-yard TD, 11 pass breakups). Langley played receiver at times in 2015, as well (4-51, TD). Southland Conference coaches voted him first-team all-conference as a cornerback and punt returner in his final year, as he intercepted six passes (tied for third nationally), broke up seven passes and scored twice on punt returns (21-245).	Still raw, but very moldable for defensive backs coach who loves to teach. Has a stiff, disruptive punch from press coverage and can uncork it from his backpedal. Former wide receiver with excellent ball skills. Uses well-timed leaps to high-point the football like a basketball rebounder. Comfortable from bail coverage and shows the eye discipline to manage his man and the quarterback's eyes at the same time. Has desired length for the position with blazing speed to carry vertical routes down the field.
								Technique from press coverage is all over the place. Narrow base causes poor balance in his transitions against an inside release. Ragged backpedal needs work. Doesn't have clean "stick and drive" footwork when triggering forward from his pedal. Struggles to stay in phase with receiver throughout the route. Had some really disappointing reps in one-on-one drills at the Senior Bowl allowing excessive route separation. Not an aggressive run supporter and will wait on running backs to take it to him.
							
2017	Sefo Liufau	2558187	QB	Colorado	Sefo Liufau (pronounced seff-oh loo-fow) probably won't be drafted as high as his uncle, Jack Thompson, who was a star quarterback at Washington State picked third overall by the Cincinnati Bengals in 1979. But the former top 20 quarterback recruit has been very successful as a four-year starter with the Buffaloes. Liufau did not play in the first four games of his freshman year, but the team ripped off the redshirt so he could start seven of the last nine contests (1,779 yards, 12 TD, eight INT, 59.4 completion pct). He was a team captain, team MVP, and honorable mention All-Pac-12 as a sophomore, setting many school records after completing 65.3 percent of his 498 throws for 3,200 yards and 28 touchdowns with 15 interceptions. Statistically, his junior year was not as successful (2,418 yards, nine TD, six INT, 62.2 completion pct) and he missed the end of the season with a Lisfranc injury in his foot. Liufau started 11 games as a senior, battling an ankle injury that prevented him from playing two games. Pac-12 coaches voted him honorable mention all-conference, however, as he threw for 2,366 yards and 11 touchdowns (six INT, 62.7 completion pct).	Big, burly frame to handle physical demands of Colorado's offense. Four-year starter and three-year team captain who is beloved by his teammates and coaches for toughness and leadership qualities. Played through a bad ankle for much of the year to help lead Colorado out of the doldrums. Called "tough, tough, tough competitor" by Washington coaches. Run-pass quarterback who can bang out yardage on the ground when necessary. Throws deep ball with touch and is comfortable working outside the numbers on intermediate and deep throws. Good pocket mobility. Paces just ahead of league average for accuracy on all three levels of the field. 

								Mechanics are sloppy. Front side is wide open in many deliveries. Doesn't drive through the throw with his lower body and short arms his release. Delivery is stacked in two separate segments. Doesn't throw with enough anticipation. Will struggle to find work inside NFL passing windows. Had just 20 touchdown passes over final 663 pass attempts spanning two seasons. Ball should come out quicker on timing routes. A little delayed in working eyes from safety to first read.
							
2017	Cole Mazza	2558188	LS	Alabama	Alabama goes after the best players at every position on their national recruiting trail, including long snappers. Mazza was a top prospect out of Bakersfield, California when the Tide came calling. He suited up right away for head coach Nick Saban, making every snap perfectly as a true freshman in 2013. Over the next three seasons, Mazza didn't let down his kickers once, playing every game and making every snap. While not as large as many snappers (6-2, 235), his consistent technique gives him a snap to make it in the NFL.	NA	NA
2017	Obi Melifonwu	2558189	S	Connecticut	Obi Melifonwu (pronounced OH-bee mel-un-FON-woo) has been a four-year starter at UConn. The Massachusetts area high school star redshirted his first year with the Huskies, and became the team's starting free safety in 2013 (70 tackles, three tackles for loss, two interceptions, five pass breakups, two forced fumbles). He started 11 games the next season (75 stops, 3.5 TFL, three PBU), and 12 as a junior (88 tackles, two TFL, two INT, five PBU). Melifonwu was a first-team All-American Athletic Conference selection and his team's top tackler in 2016, making 118 hits, 2.5 for loss, leading the team with four interceptions and breaking up three other passes.	Elite size with premium athletic traits that should show up at combine testing. Four-year starter. Sharp focus when ball is in the air. Takes path to the ball with undercut of the route at the last second. Plus hand-eye coordination to flip the field with interceptions. Former cornerback who has the athleticism to cover matchup tight ends and some big slots. Posted six interceptions over last two seasons. Uses big frame to body-up seam-runners and constrict their windows. Downhill tackling machine. Plus range with a wide net to bring runners down once he gets his arms into them. Body-up hitter. Drastically reduced penalties totals over junior and senior season.
								Leggy and gets feet bundled up when asked to turn and sprint. Lacks desired instincts and will play with slow eyes at times. Has to see ball in the air before charging over to help on deep throws. Inconsistent with coverage responsibilities from high safety. Takes time to diagnose play-action. Rub routes found him near goal line. Can take inefficient paths to the ball that get him there a step too late. Would benefit from high-pointing rather than waiting on throws. 
							
2017	Jordan Morgan	2558190	G	Kutztown (PA)	Morgan does not look like a Division II athlete. Listed at 6-foot-4, 320 pounds, the Philadelphia native has been overwhelming defenders since his redshirt freshman season, starting every game the past four seasons at left tackle. He started every game at left tackle in 2013, and then earned first-team All-Pennsylvania State Athletic Conference recognition in 2014. Morgan found national recognition with a spot on the Associated Press Little All-American squad as a junior, also earning the second of three consecutive first-team all-conference nods. Morgan again was in the national spotlight in 2016 as an AP Little All-American and a finalist for the Gene Upshaw Award for the top lineman in Division II. In an unusual move, he was also named the PSAC Offensive Athlete of the Year, an award typically awarded to a skill position player.	Has desired NFL mass with adequate arm length and big hands. Plays with light feet when coming out of his stance and into his work. Always working feet into position to secure his block. Drive blocker who grinds from his in-steps. Composed in his movements in space. Operates with adequate bend in knees and ankles. Possesses aggressive field demeanor and is always looking to finish. Hand placement is generally inside the frame and offers up decent leverage points. Maxes out his arm length with stiff, potent punch that lands at full extension. 
								Ducks head as a run blocker at times. Needs to bring feet with him and up under his hips to increase potential to sustain blocks. Could struggle with balance early in his career. Needs to keep weight centered at his punch rather than lunging forward. May take time to get punch timed up with move from tackle to guard. Dominated smaller, less talented players across from him.
							
2017	Nathan Peterman	2558191	QB	Pittsburgh	A highly-recruited passer coming out of Florida, Peterman signed with Tennessee to get a chance to play SEC football. He had to feel snake-bit in Knoxville, however, since he didn't make it through his first start as a redshirt freshman or sophomore. Peterman played in four games in 2013, but broke his hand in his first start and never regained that spot (10-23, 45 yards, two INT). The next season, he was benched after two series in his only start and then was replaced by Joshua Dobbs -- who didn't let go of the reins. Peterman played in seven games that year (10-20, 49 yards). He earned his degree in only three years, however, so he transferred to Pitt to finish his career. Peterman started 11 games in 2015 (2,287 yards, 20 TD, seven INT) and held the job as a senior (2,855 yards, 27 TD, seven INT, 60.5 completion pct.)	Smooth, quick set-up in pocket. Grips the ball with big, 10-inch hands. Poised in pocket and takes the hit to deliver a completion. Will set-up, slide and then re-set before making his throw. Can cut it loose from off-balance angles from bootleg or play-action if he sees a winning option break open early. Full field reader. Works all the way through his progressions. Shoots glances at safeties to keep them in check. Strong natural accuracy. Able to throw receivers open and lead them away from danger. Can pinpoint passes to moving targets in his intermediate work. Has enough arm to work field side, intermediate throws. Great vision. Sees passing windows before they develop. Throws with outstanding timing and anticipation. Can put the ball on receivers' hands as soon as they come out of a break if coverage dictates it. Utilizes accuracy and anticipation to challenge windows on all three levels. Won at Clemson hanging five touchdown passes on their talented stop unit. Good escapability and can extend drives with his legs. Excellent deep ball accuracy completing 46.2 percent of his deep throws.
								Inconsistent delivery base causes some throws to sail. Has instances where he short strides and is forced to muscle it to his target. Will float some throws on seams and dig routes. Will have to be mindful to drive the ball on pro level to avoid the ballhawks who are lurking at safety. Has to prove he has enough arm to challenge the same tight windows he did in college. Ball handling a little sluggish in wide receiver screens, hitches and most RPOs (run, pass option). Wants to play hero-ball at times. Needs to learn when to air-mail throw and move to next play rather than trying to get too cute with sideline throws. Can improve overall touch.
							
2017	Carroll Phillips	2558192	DE	Illinois	Big Ten ballcarriers found out in 2016 why Phillips has been known by the nickname "Wild Man" since childhood. The nephew of famous rapper and Miami football booster Luther Campbell attempted to start his collegiate career with the University of Cincinnati, but did not play there. After one season with Copiah-Lincoln Community College (49 tackles, four sacks), Phillips transferred to Illinois, where he started three times in 12 games played in 2015 (26 tackles, 4.5 tackles for loss, two sacks). He blossomed as a senior, garnering first-team All-Big Ten honors with 56 tackles, 20 tackles for loss (ranked ninth in the FBS), and team-high nine sacks.	Flashed disruptive quickness against the run this season. Effective in stunt game with sudden inside charge off snap. Pursuit motor and effort are above average. Chases beyond line of scrimmage for the stop. Rarely misses the mark as a tackler. Closes out the ball as much as possible before chesting up the tackle. Good agility and lateral slide quickness to track down ball carriers. Closing burst has necessary acceleration. Has balance and redirection to play in space. Adequate burst into his rush. Should benefit from wider rush angle as an outside linebacker in the pros. Consistent production posting a sack in eight of his 12 starts in 2016. 
								Just one year as a full-time starter. Thin lower body possesses no emergency brake when blockers start driving him off the edge. Will need to add mass and muscle to handle run-stopping responsibilities and that may take time. Hand usage at point of attack is poor. Needs to keep punch inside the frame to maximize his length. Needs to learn hand skills to counter early punches and reset into an advantageous position. Surprising lack of edge-bending in his rush. Face-up rusher who is often punched with shoulders still parallel to line of scrimmage. Tracks to quarterback are too linear and lack improvisation.
							
2017	Antonio Pipkin	2558193	QB	Tiffin	Pipkin was a FBS talent playing Division II football the past four years for Tiffin University in Ohio. He broke nearly all of the school's passing records during his career, even some for noted quarterback coach George Whitfield, who is in the school's athletics Hall of Fame. Pipkin was an honorable mention All-Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference selection as a true freshman (2,316 yards, 12 TD, 12 INT, 66.5 completion pct) and sophomore (2,863 yards, 19 TD, eight INT, 63.6 completion pct.; 556 yards, five TD rushing). He set the conference's record for total offense in 2015, receiving a second-team All-GLIAC nod (3,227 yards, 32 TD, six INT, 64.1 completion pct.; 729 yards, eight TD rushing). The Dragons had their most success under Pipkin in 2016, winning eight games as he was the GLIAC Player of the Year (2,534 passing yards, 25 TD, six INT, 64.9 completion pct.; 757 yards, seven TD).	Primary bread-winner for his offense over last two seasons. Has been able to produce with his arm and his legs. Quick ball-handler with an even quicker release on inside play-action from the gun. Can send the fades and seam throws on their way with a flick of the wrist when he's working quickly. Has legs to keep defenses honest on backside in zone-read. Has a great feel for exit routes from the pocket and can make defenses pay. Takes care of the ball. Unwilling to take unnecessary chances with the throws in traffic.
								Short for the position. Feet bouncy and become antsy once he's unable to deliver to his second read. Pocket poise needs work. Looks for a quick exit rather than continuing to scan the field and deliver to receivers coming open. Drops eyes when pocket gets a little noisy around him. Anticipation is below average. Will hesitate to cut it loose when he has a safety on the ropes. Field side accuracy and short throw touch need work. Will need to clean up a myriad of footwork issues.
							
2017	Josh Reynolds	2558194	WR	Texas A&M	Reynolds couldn't get a scholarship offer for football from a FBS school despite his manifold talents; in fact, Oregon State pulled their interest after other receivers ate up roster spots late in the process. So off to Tyler Junior College he went, receiving second-team all-conference recognition. Reynolds didn't waste any time making an impact when moving to College Station, where he was offered a partial scholarship as a hurdler coming out of high school. He led the team with 842 receiving yards and 13 touchdowns on 52 catches in 2014, the latter being a school record. Reynolds caught 51 passes for 907 yards and five scores as a junior, serving a one-game suspension for unspecified reasons. His best season came in 2016, when SEC media named him second-team all-conference because he finished the year with 61 catches for 1,039 yards and 12 scores.	Very long, angular frame. Outstanding high school triple jumper and high jumper will dominate combine explosion drills. Vertical threat who can open his hips and out-stride a cornerback down the field. As good as it gets as a ball tracker with a center fielder's ability to judge trajectory and distance. Stacks cornerbacks on his hip and keeps them there. Has access to a second gear when the ball is in the air. Routes feature little wasted motion. Possesses superior ball skills. Plus hand-eye coordination and holds his ground in contested catches. Can climbs way up the ladder and use his length to turn 50/50 balls into 80/20 his way. Consistent red-zone threat. Wins up-and-over, with back shoulder fades and with inside release to slant. Thin but ultra-competitive and extremely tough. Will work the middle and does not fear incoming traffic. Gets after his blocks on the perimeter and meets aggression with aggression as blocker.
								Has a thin frame with skinny legs. Body is unlikely to carry much more weight. Can be temporarily grounded in press coverage. Lack of play strength makes fighting past disruptive jams a challenge. Needs to improve initial footwork and vary his releases. Just average underneath. Long-strider with limitations in short-area quickness. Nothing special in hitch-and-run or wide receiver screens. Has some trouble dropping down and digging out the low throw.
							
2017	Ezra Robinson	2558195	CB	Tennessee St.	The first-team all-state high school pick from Florida made the trek to play in East Lansing for Michigan State, redshirting in 2012 and playing in 12 games on special teams (two tackles) in 2013. Playing time didn't seem to be coming his way, so he transferred to Tennessee State for the 2014 season. Robinson started once in 11 games in his first year with the Tigers but was credited with 30 tackles, two interceptions, and seven pass breakups. He played more as a junior, starting five of 10 games (42 tackles, 5.5 for loss, two sacks, one pass breakup). Robinson finally had a chance to start every game in 2016, earning first-team All-Ohio Valley Conference honors with five interceptions, returning two for scores, and eight pass breakups.	Opportunistic from zone coverage. Sifts through combination routes and comes out of the other side in position to crowd routes underneath. Will trigger into a passing lane when he senses quarterback is locking in. Looks to play through the catch point and has soft hands to pluck it and flip the field. Adequate foot quickness to match short and  intermediate routes. Has enough responsive athleticism when play is in front of him.
								Lacks functional strength. Physical receivers can jostle him around inside their routes and own him as run blockers. Backpedal needs to be ironed out. Shows lack of confidence in his recovery speed. Heavily penalized in coverage and is quick to grab and hold when he senses receiver is getting past him. Needs to open and sprint earlier to maintain his feel with deep routes and avoid the grabs. Passive and ineffective against the run. Will be heavily targeted in run support if he hits the field. 
							
2017	Sam Rogers	2558196	FB	Virginia Tech	All you need to know about Rogers is that in his junior year of high school, he dislocated his elbow. Instead of sitting on the sideline for the rest of the season, he moved to linebacker and tight end for the rest of the year. He was a walk-on for Tech in 2013, but he ended up playing in every game and starting two (5-9 rush, 12-78 receiving). Rogers again played in every game, starting six and contributing on offense (32-140 rushing; 20-230, one TD receiving) and special teams (11 tackles). His offensive contributions increased in 2015 (61-260, two TDs rushing; 16-193, two TDs receiving), and rose again in his senior year (67-284, two TDs rushing; 24-301, four TDs receiving) as the Hokies grew to rely on his playmaking skills.	A little ball of aggression. Able to play on all three downs. Has experience as ball carrier, pass catcher, pass protector and lead blocker. Can block from multiple sets and formations. Consistently productive for three consecutive years. Low center of gravity provides additional power as a runner. Carries good acceleration and knee bend to his target. Viable play-action pass catching fullback. Gives good effort as a blocker. Able to stuff and seal on down blocks from wingback spot.
								Gets over-amped in space as a blocker. Needs to play with less wasted motion and more body control. Second level blocking approach lacks patience at times. Squatty with short arms and struggles to sustain blocks against players with length. 
							
2017	Fred Ross	2558197	WR	Mississippi St.	Fred "The Boss" Ross earned that nickname with his play with the Bulldogs the past four seasons. He was a Parade All-American as a high school senior (86-1,594, 21 TD) and a four-star recruit. He played in 11 games as a freshman (9-115) and was a regular in the rotation in 2014 (one start in 13 games, 30-489, five TD). Ross became MSU quarterback Dak Prescott's top target as a junior, garnering first-team All-SEC recognition and breaking a school record with 88 receptions (for 1,007 yards and five scores). With Prescott gone, the offense didn't find Ross as often (72-917) but he scored more touchdowns (12) than he had the previous three years combined (10). He was a second-team all-conference pick after the season.	Handled a heavy target rate over last two seasons. Catches with strong hands and excellent arm extension. Capable hand fighter who is able to claw his way back inside against corners with leverage. Plays with good hand quickness to reach high and secure throws that are right on top of him. Does a good job of utilizing his body as a shield. Offers viable punt return option. Had 10 of his 37 punt returns go for 15 or more yards.
								Short-stepper with vertical limitations. Physical press corners can grind him up off the release. Lacks the long speed to back cornerbacks off of him. Had eight drops this season and 13 over last two years. Does not have the feet to shake a talented athlete across from him. Has tight hips and struggles mightily to make adjustments to poorly thrown balls. Lingers at top of his routes rather than firing out of his breaks. Can't create space through burst.
							
2017	Seth Russell	2558198	QB	Baylor	Baylor quarterbacks haven't fared well in the NFL, but Russell could be the exception due to his athleticism (reported 41-inch vertical, sub-4.5 40) and arm talent. However, he didn't see the field as much as scouts would like during his five years in Waco. Russell played quite a bit coming off the bench in his redshirt freshman season of 2013 (26-43, 60.5 completion pct., 427 yards, three TD, three INT) and started one game in eight appearances in 2014 (48-85, 56.5 completion pct., 804 yards, eight TD, one INT). He was on course to be an all-conference passer in 2015 until suffering a neck injury seven games into the year. Russell was still named honorable mention All-Big 12 for completing 59.5 of his throws for 2,104 yards and 29 touchdowns (six interceptions), and running for 402 yards and six scores. He returned for 2016, but again missed the end of the year with a severe ankle injury. In nine starts, Russell threw for 2,126 yards and 20 touchdowns against eight interceptions, with just a 54.7 completion percentage.	NA	NA
2017	Tanzel Smart	2558199	DT	Tulane	Even though Smart grew up in Baton Rouge and was a first-team all-state pick, he did not get a chance to play SEC football, so he went to nearby Tulane to show his wares. Playing in every game as a freshman, he was credited with 14 tackles. Then he was rewarded with a starting role each of the next three seasons, increasing his production from his sophomore (47 tackles, 6.5 for loss, two sacks), junior (62 stops, 15 for loss, two sacks), and senior (67 tackles, 18.5 for loss, 5.5 sacks) seasons. He was a first-team All-American Athletic Conference pick in both 2015 and 2016 for his efforts.	Excited to play football on every single rep. Times up snap and is quick into the neutral zone. Always searching for the ball. Uses hand quickness to disengage and tackle on time. Good football instincts and quick to recognize and react to screens. Plays with quick hands and quick feet that get him in position to make plays. Gets to blocker's edge with low center of gravity to drive up the field and disrupt. Able to fill a stat sheet up against both run and pass. Feet and hands are a whirlwind of action that never stop looking for improved positioning. Catches blockers under their pads and has the leg drive to bull them back into the pocket.
								Short and squatty frame. Matched up against below average competition on most weeks. Plays straight-legged which limits his change of direction. Lack of length causes him to swing and miss in tackle attempts against shifty runners. May not have enough raw power to make up for his lack of size. Long-armed guards can stab his chest and stick him in neutral.
							
2017	Jamari Staples	2558200	WR	Louisville	Staples is one of dozens of players who were displaced when Alabama-Birmingham shut down its football program after the 2014 season -- a program which they already plan on re-starting. This Alabama native took advantage of the situation, though, going to play with the Cardinals the past two seasons. He played in 21 games, starting 12, in his true freshman (31-458, four TD) and sophomore (9-190, one TD) seasons at UAB. He was allowed to transfer to the 'Ville for the 2015 season, and he caught 37 passes for 638 yards and three scores even though he missed the first four games of the year with a knee injury. Staples started 11 games as a senior, catching 36 passes for 615 yards and two touchdowns.	Operates as the vertical threat in Louisville offense. Long strider with long speed. Had 80 percent of his catches go for first downs over last three years. Explosive leaper with springs in his hips. Can climb the ladder and win over the top. Plays with above average body control. Able to extend well beyond his frame to snare the throw. Scoops out low throws that seem impossible to save. Plays with good concentration when making combat catches. Stronger after the catch than he looks. Will shield, connect and sustain as a blocker. Praised by his coaches for work ethic and maturity.
								Lanky target with a lack of strength. Has missed games in each of the last three seasons due to injury. Telegraphs his pattern. Changes stride length when nearing top of his route. Leans into slants prematurely allowing corners to get an early break. Cruises out of break points rather than explodes. Needs to work back to the ball more aggressively. Throws with pace can eat his hands up. Downfield contact throws off his play speed. On vertical routes, has a bad habit of gearing down when turning to look for the throw which allows balls to fall just out of his reach.
							
2017	Freddie Stevenson	2558201	FB	Florida St.	Stevenson was a four-star recruit as a linebacker coming out of high school, but enrolled early and switched to a back-up fullback and special teams ace for the 2013 season (8-33, TD rushing; 2-18 receiving). He began leading the way for star running back Dalvin Cook in earnest in 2014, starting seven times and catching seven passes for 72 yards and a touchdown. Stevenson got 10 starts as a junior, (3-9 rushing; 9-64 receiving) and four starts in 2016, being used more often as a rusher (13-90, four TD).	Very fluid athlete in space. Has movement skill to make sudden changes to his blocking assignments when needed. Can keep a quick pace as lead blocker on wide flowing plays allowing the runner to play faster. Won't shy away from the aggressive iso-blocks. Drives feet through contact and can attack on angles for kick-out blocks. Has short yardage ability as ball carrier.
								Has limited reps in pass protection and very few catches. Can be a little late to find assignments at times. Can be stuffed to ground when launching into defender's legs too early in space.
							
2017	Trent Taylor	2558202	WR	Louisiana Tech	It is best not to underestimate Taylor because of his lack of size. Only one FBS scholarship offer came his way because of his 5-foot-8, 178-pound frame, but Louisiana Tech has been the beneficiary of their foresight. The Shreveport product played as a true freshman despite his size, both as a receiver and on special teams (28-260, two TD; 6-53 punt returns). Taylor was a second-team All-Conference USA selection in 2014, becoming a focus in the passing game (64-834, nine TD) and making plays as a returner (22-168 on punts). He was a first-team all-conference pick as the team's leading receiver his junior year, making 99 receptions (third-most in the FBS) for 1,282 yards and nine scores. Taylor again was a first-team All-C-USA player as senior, catching an incredible 136 throws in 14 games for the Bulldogs for a nation-leading 1,803 yards and 12 touchdowns. His reception total ranked only behind East Carolina receiver Zay Jones' record-breaking 158 grabs. Taylor also returned punts his final two seasons (13-83 in 2015; 17-178 in 2016), a skill he'll likely get a chance to show in the NFL.	Above-average instincts in space. Will leak a slant up the seam if he sees safety has vacated. Makes slight alterations to routes in order to work through traffic and get to his break-point. Creates aggressive leverage points to push defender out of the pattern before stemming. Efficient in his movement. Natural ball catcher with extremely low drop rate. Throws seem to just sink into his frame. Has necessary toughness to work over the middle Explodes upfield after the catch and has enough wiggle to shake initial tackler. Willing to drop his shoulder and lay into cornerbacks who want to challenge him. Prolific pass catcher with an abundance of confidence. 
								Falls below desired size requirements for the position. Small, thin frame. Extremely short arms limit his catch radius. Has trouble plucking high throws and requires increased accuracy from his quarterback. Will need to pick up pace of his routes as a pro. Could struggle to uncover quickly against NFL-caliber athletes with length. Can do better job of finding softer spots in zone coverage. Caught just 21 touchdowns over his last 308 targets. Will put ball on the ground during run-after-catch. Has seven career fumbles.
							
2017	Justin Vogel	2558203	P	Miami	Paul Vogel was a middle linebacker at South Carolina, and was on rosters for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and Houston Oilers in the NFL. His son, Justin, decided to use his foot to follow in his dad's footsteps in a successful college and potential pro career. Vogel signed with Florida coming out of Berkeley Prep in Tampa, but did not see the field in his redshirt or freshman years with the Gators. He decided to walk on at Miami for the 2014 season so that he could participate right away, and won the job (42.8 yards per punt, 20-of-52 punts fair-caught, 21 punts inside the 20-yard line, only one touchback). Vogel was the team's top leg in 2015 (42.5 avg, 20-of-67 fair-caught, 21 inside 20, six touchbacks) but saved his best effort for a second-team All-ACC senior season (43.8 avg, 33-of-64 fair-caught, 25 inside 20, two touchbacks, one blocked).	Talented directional punter who is able to hang it near the numbers. Hang time is a plus. One of the best in the nation at forcing fair catches. Landed 40 percent of his kicks inside the 20-yard line. Career touchback rate is just 4.9 percent. Handled some kickoff duties as sophomore and junior and could get a team out of the game if needed due to injury.
								Net punting average is just okay. Needs to show a more consistently powerful leg from punt to punt. Will follow an open field punt of 56 yards with an open field punt of 38 yards.
							
2017	Jamaal Williams	2558204	RB	BYU	Williams led the Cougars in rushing in all four seasons in which he played, even though he has had off-field and injury issues during his time in Provo. The all-state pick from California played immediately as a true freshman, starting eight games and rushing for 755 yards and 12 touchdowns on 166 carries. He also added 315 yards and a touchdown on 27 receptions. Williams was an FBS All-Independent team pick as the full-time starter in 2013, gaining 1,233 yards and scoring seven times on 217 totes (18-125 receiving). His junior season was derailed by a knee injury and suspension for multiple team code violations, including an underage drinking citation. He rushed for 518 yards and four scores in seven games that year, still leading the team in rushing. Williams sat out the 2015 season entirely after withdrawing from school for personal reasons, always intending to return for his senior season the following fall. He carried the mail for the Cougars 234 times in 2016, accumulating 1,375 yards and scoring 12 times, though he missed three games with an ankle injury. He finished fifth in the country with 137.5 yards per game last fall, in part thanks to a 287-yard, five-touchdown effort against Toledo before the ankle injury occurred.	Carries NFL size with a muscular build and good height. Able to bend at point of impact and attack with decent leverage. Uses his stiff arm as a weapon to escape tackles on an angle. Decisive runner. Sees it and goes. Not into dancing. Has a functional spin move he uses to spin out of tackles and grind out a few extra yards. Keeps his feet churning through contact. Above average ball security with a fumble rate of 140 (one fumble every 140 carries).
								Bulls through running lanes crashing into blockers rather than shifting with the contours. Doesn't have athleticism to create early yardage for himself. Missing a functional jump cut for sudden shift from gap to gap once line of scrimmage muddies. Hit or miss with run lanes he chooses. Excessive forward lean creates issues with contact balance. Too easily felled by arm tackles. Banger, but not a tackle breaker. Doesn't have the speed to turn the corner when runs spill outside.
							
2017	Jordan Herdman	2558205	LB	Simon Fraser	Even though Herdman played for a Canadian university in Simon Fraser, he was named a Division II All-American by the American Football Coaches Association and invited to the Senior Bowl. Herdman was a three-time Great Northwest Athletic Conference pick during his career, setting the conference record for career tackles with 428. He led the Clan with 113 tackles, 12.5 for loss, 3.5 sacks, and three forced fumbles. That was the lowest number of tackles he's had over the past three years, as he accumulated 133 tackles (9.5 for loss) in 2015 and 165 (14 for loss, 2.5 sacks) in 2014. 	Plays with good power in his lower half. Able to brace up to redirects and then spin out of the block. Has some pop behind his lead shoulder that he throws into blockers. Instinctive and ready to trigger downhill after the ball. Effective reading keys. Has stop-start quickness with sudden change of direction. Good short-area quickness and reactive athleticism.
								Sawed off frame with short arms and small hands. Lack of length limits tackle radius and forces him to close out ball carrier before launching into tackle. Will have issues clearing the trees if he runs downhill too quickly. Will struggle to play the ball in pass coverage due to short arms. 
							
2017	Lorenzo Jerome	2558206	S	St. Francis (PA)	Jerome earned enough recognition throughout his four years as a starter for the Red Flash that the Senior Bowl came calling after a senior season where he was named a first-team FCS All-American by the Associated Press. Jerome intercepted six passes in 2016, to go along with 59 tackles, 5.5 tackles for loss, 11 pass break-ups, and a kick return touchdown (14 returns for 405 yards). He was a first-team All-Northeast Conference selection in every season of this career, starting as a true freshman (56 tackles, six INT -- one returned for a score, 10 pass breakups). He excelled as a sophomore as a defender (79 tackles, two TFL, three INT -- one for a score, 16 PBU) and returner (14-289 kick returns, 12-136, one touchdown on punts). Jerome repeated that production in 2015, earning second-team All-American honors (58 tackles, 5.5 TFL, 2.5 sacks, three INT, 10 PBU). 	Has outstanding instincts and ball skills. Has the strong hands and catch radius of a wide receiver. Takes direct paths to the ball and operates with optimal timing in attacks on the football. Ball production was through the roof during his entire career. Has experience playing over the slot and will overlap his coverage if he smells the football headed near him. Former high school quarterback with a good feel for the game. Rose to the occasion in a big way at both NFLPA game and Senior Bowl grabbing two interceptions in each of those games. Seems to find access to a second gear with the ball is in the air. Aggressive in run support. Races downhill and attacks the legs each and every time. Flashed dangerous potential as a kick and punt returner in all four years in college.
								Lacks desired NFL size. Teams will want him to add weight to hold up to his physical style if his frame allows it. Scouts question his overall speed after a spring timing of 4.62 in the forty. Is a little bit tight hipped and he barely lifts his feet off of the ground when he runs. Benefitted from playing in slot, but may not be able to do that in NFL. Will grab receivers around the waist and hang on when beaten in a route. At times, gets so wrapped up in taking the ball away that he will get lax with his technique. 
							
2017	Jonnu Smith	2558207	TE	Florida International	The son of the late Wayne Smith has been a find for FIU as a three-star recruit and first-team All-County pick (as well as a weightlifter) from Ocala. He was an honorable mention All-Conference USA pick in his freshman year, leading the Panthers with 39 receptions (for 388 yards, two TDs). Smith was a first-team all-conference pick in 2014 as his team's leading receiver (61-710, eight TDs), and led all tight ends nationally with those statistics. His last two seasons at FIU had their ups and downs, as he only played eight games as a junior (36-397, four TDs), missing the final four games due to a sprained knee. Smith was then named first-team All-Conference USA in 2016 (42-506, four TDs), but missed the end of the year when his pregnant girlfriend doused him with a pot of boiling water during an argument.	Plays with urgency and looks to squeeze the most out of each play. Flashes an electric burst up the field and into his routes. Seam buster with ability to race over top of the linebacker and into a throwing window quickly. Plays fast. Talented, competitive runner after the catch. Mashes the gas and can run away from linebackers. Loose hips with slick lateral side step after the catch. Has ability to work on all three levels. Competitive high school weight lifter with good functional strength as a blocker. Shows willingness to handle the heavy lifting as zone scheme blocker. Uses good angles and timing in his combination blocks.
								Body catcher who doesn't trust his own hands. Has dropped 10 passes over the last two seasons with too many double catches. Needs to do a better job of helping his QB by working to the ball and shielding. Gets grinded on by redirects out of his release into routes. Needs to learn how to adjust routes or disengage earlier. Not a convincing route runner and just kind of goes through the motion rather than selling fakes. Undersized for an in-line option. Frame may not be able to carry additional weight.
							
2017	Chad Williams	2558208	WR	Grambling St.	Williams ran into legal troubles in the offseason before his senior year. He was charged with marijuana possession and possession of firearms after LSU campus police checked out a parked vehicle in which he sitting. On the field in 2016, however, Williams excelled after sitting a one-game suspension for the offense. He led the SWAC with 90 catches for 1,337 yards and 11 touchdowns and was named a second-team FCS All-American and first-team all-conference pick for his efforts in leading the Tigers to a SWAC championship. Williams also was a first-team All-SWAC pick in 2015 (64-1,012, 10 TD). He played a reserve role as a freshman (11-141, two TD) and then became the team's second-leading receiver in 2014 (45-572, five TD).	Plays bigger than his size. Confident in his hands and snatches the ball way out in front of this frame. Shows some physicality after the catch and isn't easy to bring down. Hung 13 catches for 152 yards on Arizona early in the season. Uses body as a shield between the throw and the defender and can play as big as he needs to in space.
								Early route speed is below average. Takes too long to get to the top of his routes. Straight-liner. Heavy feet and stiff hips prevent shakes and jukes to allude early tacklers. Needs to run under the deep ball rather than gliding down the field. Can improve his adjustments on low throws. Character will need to be vetted thoroughly.
							
2017	Charmeachealle Moore	2558231	LB	Kansas St.	NA	Displays good aggression and will not flinch when taking on bigger men. Plays his role in run defense and will stick his nose inside to spill runs toward the sideline. Looks to body up as a tackler and will hit with all he has. Plays the game with intensity and passion. Was a quick study in the instincts department. Can drop quickly into space and has the hips and feet to flow with the quarterback's eyes in coverage. Aware of underneath routes and picks up crossing routes in space. Feet are lively and always moving.
								Just one season as a starter. Smallish linebacker who has difficulties unhinging when lineman get their hands on him. Gets overly aggressive in pursuit and will over-shoot his mark at times. Size limitations make angle tackles a chore. Falls off of too many tackles. Face-up blitzer who struggles to flip over the top of blockers and get to the quarterback.
							
2017	Darreus Rogers	2558232	WR	USC	Rogers was a high school All-American from the Los Angeles area (64-1,251, 10 TD as a senior) that stayed home to play for the Trojans. He grayshirted in 2012, enrolling at USC in the spring of 2013 to participate in practices (though he missed time with shoulder and hamstring injuries). Rogers played in 11 games as a freshman (missing three with a right ankle injury), catching 22 passes for 257 yards. He played in 13 games, starting three (21-245, four TDs) in 2014 and then took a stronger role as a junior (11 starts, 28-289, three TDs) while again missing games with a hamstring injury. Rogers finally stayed healthy throughout his senior season, garnering honorable mention All-Pac-12 notice after finishing second on the team with 56 catches for 696 yards and four scores. 	Has some early quickness in his release up the field against press coverage. Keeps cornerbacks at bay with sly hand usage and doesn't allow cornerbacks to crowd his frame. Puts smaller defenders in his hip pocket once he gets over the top of them. Ball skills are his biggest weapon. Uses well-timed leaps, and strong hands to climb over defenders and win the high-point throws. Plays with excellent body control and balance in mid-air. Snatches passes with good arm extension with soft, reliable hands. Excels with contested catches. Competitive runner after the catch with shake to elude first tacklers and a stiff-arm at his disposal.
								Looks slow on tape. Had very limited number of explosive catches. Doesn't have much experience with the complete route tree. His sell jobs on route fakes is unconvincing. Routes lack leverage and the illusion of intent. Too eager to default to contested catches rather than work to create separation. Can improve route adjustments against zone including finding safer areas to sink into for his quarterback. Will drop would-be catches downfield once he hits the ground. Has size to lock in as a blocker, but doesn't maintain positioning.
							
2017	Greg Ward, Jr.	2558233	WR	Houston	Dual-threat quarterback who consistently found ways to make plays and win. Came into college as a wide receiver and won't have to step blindly into new position. Good speed and has the fluid hips to shake defenders in space after the catch. Coaches praise him for his toughness and football intelligence. Background as quarterback allows him to identify coverages quickly as a wideout. Has some punt return experience at Houston.	NA	NA
2017	Robert Leff	2558234	OT	Auburn	Despite ranking as a three-star high school prospect, Leff struggled to get on the field at Auburn until his senior season. He redshirted in 2012 and played primarily on special teams in 2013 and 2014. He finally got two starts as a junior (one as blocking tight end, the other at left tackle against Idaho) while playing in every game that season. Leff came on strong in his final year on the Plains, starting all 13 games at a new position (right tackle) and landing a spot on the second-team all-conference team (voted on by SEC media) for his efforts.	Flat-backed pass sets. Smooth in his slides out to pass rusher. Gains adequate ground to challenge edge rushers up the arc. Keeps his chin tucked and out of his punch. Has enough smoothness in his redirect to slide back inside and catch stunting defensive ends. Plays with good body control on the move. Efficient double team blocker and is rhythmic in his work-up blocks to second level. Able to frame his blocks in space and has reactive athleticism for last second adjustments. 
								Length is lacking. Gets controlled at the point of attack and easily discarded by power and length. Appears to lack the necessary functional strength to handle NFL power. Unable to sustain blocks for long due to his physical deficiencies. Slow to throw his hands and is frequently beaten to first contact by defenders. Early mirror gives way to late balance issues when trying to run rushers beyond the pocket. Offers no drive as a base blocker and struggles to get any shoulder turn at point of attack.
							
2017	Levon Myers	2558235	OT	Northern Illinois	NA	Light on his feet. Has movement skills and foot quickness that translate to the tackle position if a team desires to keep him there. Arm length above average. Keeps feet driving after contact and runs them under his hips to improve contact balance. Has agility to make blocks in space when asked to pull or to work up to linebackers. Uses feet to slide over and catch inside moves rather than relying on bending and lunging. Adequate pass pro posture and could have swing tackle value. Looks to finish his blocks. This season, tape showed a particular disdain for everyone on the San Diego State defense as he challenged them with chippy, aggressive play at every turn.
								Plays too tall in general. Has some natural flexibility, but doesn't always play with bend. Down blocks tend to come from his upper body over leg drive. Will slide up and off of power blocks at times. Catches rather than punches which limits effectiveness of his reach. Shoots his hands from balls of his feet rather than flat-footed opening himself to bull-rush attempts. Loses his cool and has a hard time settling back in. Inconsistent footwork in redirects inside. Plays with a narrow base as drive blocker. Needs to open it up a bit.
							
2017	Brian Allen	2558237	DB	Utah	Allen did not play defense in high school, but Utah seems to be able to convert the long, tall receivers into coveted cornerback prospects. The married father of one played in 10 games as a reserve as a redshirt freshman in 2013, even playing receiver in one game. Allen contributed on special teams, safety and cornerback in six games the next season, missing the second half of the year with an injury. He returned to begin realizing his potential on the outside in 2015, playing in 13 games, starting three, intercepting a pass and breaking up three others. Allen led the Utes with four interceptions in 2016, starting seven of 11 games played.	Tremendously long. Will stick his jabs into receiver's chest from press coverage and disrupt the release. Looks comfortable in bump-and-run coverage. Has ability to use length as a recovery tool. Limited just 42.5 percent of targets his way to be completed over the last two seasons. Size casts a tall shadow from trail coverage that makes it challenging to complete the deep touch throw over him. Still very raw and inexperienced and should continue to improve with coaching. Showed off impressive long speed at the combine.
								Former wide receiver who said he "didn't know how to tackle" when he made the switch and still has issues with it. Ducks head into contact and rarely squares up his target. Finishing rate as a tackler was way below desired rate. Ball skills aren't where they need to be. Slow to find the deep throw and make adjustments to the ball path. Allowed 21.7 yards per completion in 2016. Could struggle badly against a bombs-away offensive approach. Hips and feet are clunky when forced to open suddenly in off-coverage and he loses balance too often in transitions forward.
							
2017	Victor Bolden, Jr.	2558238	WR	Oregon St.	If you're wondering where Bolden gets his speed, just ask his mother; she holds school records for the 100 and 200-meter hurdles at Mt. San Antonio College. Bolden was a hurdler and football star in high school, allowing him to become the Beavers' kick returner (58-1,198, TD) and start twice at receiver (6-62). He started 11 games as a sophomore, leading the team with 72 catches for 798 yards, scoring twice, and contributed as a rusher (19-118) and punt returner (4-44). Bolden also ran the 60 meters for the Beavers' track team in 2014. He was an honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick in 2015, leading the team again in receptions (46-461, three TD) and was a factor in the rushing (36-185) and return games (23-580, one TD on kickoffs; 1-78, TD on punts). Bolden was the Beavers' top offensive and special teams threat in 2016, as well (46-542, two TD receiving; 28-329, two TD rushing; 14-64 punt returns; 27-642, TD kick returns).	NA	NA
2017	Kendrick Bourne	2558239	WR	Eastern Washington	Bourne and fellow draft prospect Cooper Kupp were the top receiving duo in FCS history. While Kupp deservedly received most of the headlines, Bourne was a three-time All-Big Sky Conference selection in his own right. He earned second-team all-league honors in 2015 (73-998, eight TD) and 2016 (79-1,201, seven TD) while playing on the Eagles' red turf. Bourne played right away as a freshman (7-117), with the Portland native coming off being named an All-Oregon pick his senior season. He then earned honorable mention All-Big Sky notice as a part-time starter in 2014 (52-814, 10 TD).	Tall with good arm length and plays the game as a physical receiver. Decent initial burst up the field to take an early lead against press-and-miss corners. Has above average sharpness to his routes underneath. Has very quick, natural hands as a pass catcher. Can react suddenly to pluck throws that are right on top of him. Very good hand fighter down the field to keep himself clean and maintain leveraged position for a viable throwing window near boundary. Excellent ball tracking and route adjustment skills. Has an alpha demeanor when it's time to go win the ball. Competitive, tough runner after the catch with a nifty open-field spin move.
								Didn't face anywhere near the competition level across from him that he will face in the pros. Easy wins against press coverage that turned into long vertical catches will be much more challenging. Rarely saw safety help shaded his way. Lacks acceleration coming out of his route stem. Does not have access to a second gear that can run under the ball and scouts question his long speed.
							
2017	Tashawn Bower	2558240	DE	LSU	NA	Long-levered edge man with good muscular development. Has frame for additional weight if needed. Transition from 4-3 to 3-4 defense this season seemed to suit him. Light appears to be coming on for him. Uses length to stab tight ends and take control of the edge. Adequate lower body power to battle against tackles. Flashes a serviceable burst out of his stance and into his rush. Has a rarely used inside spin counter that has some potential if developed. Foot quickness gives him a shot as interior rusher in sub packages. Fluid and athletic in space. Showed ability to match up in space against Wisconsin to start the season.
								Made just seven starts over his four seasons. Saw limited reps as a pass rusher resulting in limited rush production. Three of his 5.5 sacks came in his final game in the Citrus Bowl against Louisville. Raw as a pass rusher. Needs to learn how to use hands and length to pry open the edge. Will gear down rather than explode around the edge when being redirected. Would benefit from playing faster more consistently. Scouts concerned about strength to leverage his gap. Focuses on being physical over being explosive. 
							
2017	Blair Brown	2558241	LB	Ohio	Bobcats head coach Frank Solich and his staff went into California and grabbed an all-league pick in Brown before the 2012 season, and it proved to be a great move by the time his career was complete. He joined defensive end Terrell Basham as a first-team All-MAC pick in 2016, leading the team with 128 stops, 15 of which went for losses, and 4.5 sacks. Brown redshirted his first year at OU, and then played in seven games as a reserve in 2013 (17 tackles, TFL). He earned a starting nod for eight games in 2014 (55 tackles, four TFL, sack) and 11 in 2015 (65 tackles, 4.5 TFL) before having his breakout campaign.	Downhill linebacker always looking to make plays in the opponent's living room. Very instinctive. Key reader who trusts his eyes and is quick to pull the trigger and rocket into gaps if he sees an opening. Generally plays ahead of blocks. Possesses an urgent, physical mindset. Extremely efficient tackle finisher who very rarely lets one get away. Quick to find football on play action and at the mesh point of zone reads. Plays with little hesitation. Sniffs out screens almost immediately. Scrapes with square pads and a controlled, balanced slide. Has good play strength and attacks iso-blocks with leverage. Good short-area burst to close out running backs. Can drop into space and shows the ability to drag running backs on swing routes.
								Has short arms and lacks desired length at the position. Needs to improve his hand usage rather than always taking on blocks with his shoulder. Can get stuck to blocks once a long-armed tackle gets into him. May not have the pure speed to recover to the perimeter if he takes a bad angle against the run. Lacks slightly in change of direction fluidity. May have issues handling man coverage on the next level. Can be too relaxed when dropping into space. Has had no passes defensed over the last two seasons.
							
2017	Fadol Brown	2558242	DE	Mississippi	Despite finishing his high school career as the South Carolina Class AA Lineman of the Year (35 tackles for loss, 15 sacks), Brown signed with Florida International to play for head coach Mario Cristobal. FIU fired Cristobal after the 2012 season, and Brown (eight tackles, two TFL, 1.5 sacks in 10 games with the Panthers) decided to leave the school as well. Ole Miss won the recruiting battle, though Brown was forced to redshirt in 2013 as a transfer student. He started nine games in 2014, making 38 tackles, with 5.5 going for losses. Brown started eight games as a junior, leading the team with 10 quarterback hurries (32 tackles, 4.5 TFL, sack). He sat out spring practice and missed four games with a foot injury in 2016, but managed to start four of eight games (39 stops, six TFL, 2.5 sacks).	Has the desired size and length. With a little more weight, could get consideration as a defensive end by both 4-3 and 3-4 teams. Uses his long arms and upper body power to set a strong edge. Gets good arm extension post-punch and is able to control and shed his blocker early in order to launch himself into a tackle attempt. Saw 40 percent of his tackles over last two years come on gains of two yards or less. Uses an arm over inside pass rush as his pet move. Throws combinations with his hands to keep offensive tackles on the ropes. Plays with adequate lateral quickness and closing burst.
								Was an ineffective pass rusher at Ole Miss. Hands can be a little lazy into his first strike causing him to lose the battle for the frame. Plays way too straight-legged at the point of attack. Can be knocked out of his gap by angle blocks. Pass rush needs much more knee bend in order to improve his contact balance. Inside charges become easy re-direct blocks for tackles taking advantage of his high center of gravity. Lacks a rush plan or an ability to challenge the edge. Lingering issues with a stress fracture in his foot could be cause for concern as combine medicals roll around.
							
2017	Pharaoh Brown	2558243	TE	Oregon	Brown has reportedly had multiple off-field issues since arriving in Eugene, including two fights with teammates and a domestic violence incident that did not result in charges because the authorities determined that his girlfriend was the instigator. Brown also nearly had his leg amputated after a horrific leg injury against Utah in November 2014, though after multiple surgeries he managed to get back on the field for the Ducks in 2016, earning first-team All-Pac-12 honors (33-426, five TD in nine games). Before the injury in his junior year, Brown was a first-team all-conference pick with 25 catches for 420 yards and six scores. The football and basketball star from Ohio played in 12 games as a freshman in 2012, catching two passes for 42 yards. Brown started five times as a sophomore (10-123, two TD), although he had a leg injury in August that kept him out of the season's first three games.	Big available target with good mass in both his upper and lower body. Has played in-line, as an H-back and from the slot. Will occasionally flash some potential as a blocker. Has enough foot quickness to get to reach blocks. Long strider with some build-up speed still left in the tank. Searches and sinks into space against zone. Tough and resilient. Uses his frame to post-up and stack defenders on goal line routes.
								Not instinctive as run blocker and takes some questionable angles in space. Looked less athletic and seemed to slow down as the season progressed. Unable to uncover at the top of his routes. Not a natural hands catcher to put it mildly. Tape is filled with drops and double-catches. Posted a double-digit drop rate in every season at Oregon. Often looked hesitant after the catch. Scouts concerned about his character. Gruesome leg injury from 2014 will get substantial vetting by medical staffs at combine.
							
2017	Collin Buchanan	2558244	OL	Miami (OH)	Detroit News included Buchanan on their Blue Chip list in 2012, but Big Ten schools did not come calling with scholarship offers. He picked Miami over other members of the MAC, playing sparingly in his first year on campus. As a sophomore, coaches tabbed him for the right tackle spot 12 times and he started nine of 11 games played at that spot in 2015. In his third year as a starter on the right side, Buchanan was a second-team All-MAC pick.	Wide body who carries his weight well. Sturdy build in his lower half. Can unlock his hips to sink and sit when dropping his anchor against bull rusher. Plays with a nice, wide base in both his pass sets and run blocking. Pass sets feature good balance and posture. Light enough on feet to handle twists and stunts inside. Throws his hands in a direct line and with consistent timing while keeping his head back in pass sets. Uses choppy power steps in his approach into contact. Sufficient work bringing hips under hands after contact. Patient climbs to second level.
								He is able to bend, but has to work on maintaining a consistent pad level to stabilize his core. Has issues with aim when he throws his hands. Has too many reps where his punch will land near top of the pads or even bottom of face mask. Lack of placement allows defenders to clear his hands from their frame too easily. Will likely bump inside and will have to prove he can handle the pace and strength of interior work. Can get too grabby with second level blocks.
							
2017	Harrison Butker	2558245	K	Georgia Tech	Georgia Tech's all-time leading scorer finished his collegiate career on a strong note, making four field goals in the TaxSlayer Bowl victory over Kentucky. Butker was a third-team All-ACC pick by league media in 2016, connecting on 17-of-18 field goal attempts (long of 52 yards), making all 46 extra point tries and forcing 54 touchbacks on 73 kickoffs. He grew up as a Tech fan in Decatur but was a soccer player until his sophomore year of high school (his school won three state titles in that sport his final three years there). Butker excelled early for the Yellow Jackets, taking over the kicker role as a true freshman in 2013 (10-14 FG; 53-54 XP; 30 TB-73 KO). He scored 98 points as a sophomore (11-18 FG; 65-66 XP) but dropped to 65 the next season (7-11 FG, 44-44 XP; 41 TB-61 KO) as his team didn't score as often.	NA	NA
2017	Christopher Carson	2558246	RB	Oklahoma St.	Carson went the junior college route after a nice high school career in Georgia, signing with Butler Community College in Kansas and racking up over 1,600 yards and 17 scores in two years there. Though he led the Cowboys in rushing as a nine-game starter in 2015, his totals of 131 carries for 517 yards and four touchdowns (plus 17-170 receiving) weren't earth-shattering. Carson's senior year started off slow (12-45, TD in first two games) and then he missed four games with a thumb injury. He came on near the end of the year, though, finishing with 559 yards and nine touchdowns on just 82 carries, earning honorable mention All-Big 12 notice. Carson also caught 13 passes for 128 yards and a score in the nine games he played.	Built like an NFL running back. Chiseled from granite with a broad chest and thickly muscled shoulders. Reinvented himself from finesse to power after ribbing in the running backs meeting room. Lead shoulder carries pop in it. Drops pads at impact and is able to drive through initial contact. Bow-legged gait produces wider frame with better balance. Leg tackles often slide off and are left with nothing. Will press line of scrimmage to set up subtle cutback opportunity. Able to create separation out of backfield on crossing routes. Has adequate wiggle in open field after the catch. Never fumbled in 212 carries at Oklahoma State.
								Runs with tight hips and low-knee action. Runs too upright. Missing the flexibility to sink and cut sharply. Long strider who will struggle to gather his feet quickly enough for sudden change of direction against early penetration. Burst through line of of scrimmage is average. Lacks explosive, playmaking potential. Never notched a rush of over 26 yards during his 212 carries at Oklahoma State. Missed time this season and last with injuries.
							
2017	Cethan Carter	2558247	TE	Nebraska	A highly-recruited multi-purpose offensive player out of Louisiana, Carter eschewed advances from schools like LSU and Miami to go to the Midwest. He got on the field right away, playing in every game and starting six, catching 10 passes for 127 yards. His sophomore season was derailed by a mid-season foot injury, though he started eight games and caught six passes for 98 yards and one score. Cornhusker coaches sat Carter and four other teammates for the 2015 season opener because they violated team rules. He started 11 games that year, though, snatching 24 balls for 329 yards and two scores to garner honorable mention honors from Big Ten media members. Carter also missed significant time in 2016 with an elbow injury but still was voted honorable mention All-Big Ten in 10 games played (19-190, TD).	Able to sustain move blocks in space against safeties and cornerbacks. Has the athleticism to get to his play-side angles as a zone blocker. Operates with good hand placement as a blocker most of the time. Gives adequate effort in running game. Gets off the line and into his route with adequate speed. Opens quickly out of the top of his route and makes himself a wide target for the quarterback. His 2015 tape shows the speed and athleticism to work the deep middle and intermediate routes.
								Hands were bad over the last two years with 10 drops against 43 catches. Struggles with hands when ball gets above the waist and with most quick-reaction catches. Limited catch radius with short arms and small hands. Offered little run-after-catch potential at Nebraska. Routes are raw and lack quality. Features too much forward lean as both a pass and run blocker causing him to tumble forward off of blocks. Needs to learn to run his feet under his hands for better block security. May be too small to handle in-line duties as a blocker.
							
2017	Chuck Clark	2558248	DB	Virginia Tech	Clark is yet another tough-minded and athletic defensive back who has patrolled the secondary for the Hokies. One of the top players from Virginia in 2012, Clark stepped into a starting role as a true freshman in the team's bowl game, his second start of the year (22 tackles). Coaches lined him up at safety 11 times in the 13 games he played in 2014, making 73 tackles, 8.5 for loss, 1.5 sacks, an interception and 11 pass break-ups on the year. The interception came in the team's Military Bowl win over Cincinnati. Clark started every game in 2015, being credited with 107 stops, three for loss, an interception, and eight pass break-ups. The Hokies' two-year team captain received honorable mention notice from league media in his final year, as he made 94 stops, 2.5 for loss, and two pass break-ups.	Durable three-year starter. Productive tackler who shows no hesitation to step downhill. Tracks ball carriers with balanced, leveraged approach. Under control as a tackler. Efficient and diligent in his mirror of the quarterback. Head stays on a swivel from receiver back to quarterback. Plays with elevated instincts. He will start breaking on throws at the beginning of quarterback's windup. Has enough range to play over the top and will plant his flag in the ribs of pass catcher to dislodge the throw. Plays with good route anticipation in man coverage. Not easily duped by bunch formations or misdirection. Maintains leverage against slot receivers and crowds in-breaking routes while looking to disrupt at the catch point. 
								A shade smaller than teams will like from a combination safety. Can be manipulated by quarterbacks who push safeties around with their eyes. Shows a little stickiness in his hips when faced with coverage transitions. Aggressive nature gets him tangled in the sticky web of play-action fakes. Occasionally voids coverage responsibility to chase running plays that aren't there. 
							
2017	Jeremy Clark	2558249	CB	Michigan	Scouts were all over Michigan in 2016, as at least 15 seniors will get a chance to play in the NFL. Clark impressed them with the way he began his senior season, starting the first three games (10 tackles, two pass break-ups) before tearing his left ACL in the fourth game of the year. He attempted to get a sixth year of eligibility but was denied by the NCAA because he redshirted the 2012 season without an injury. The Kentucky all-state high school pick played in seven games as a redshirt freshman safety in 2013 (no statistics) before earning six starts there in 12 games the following year (18 tackles, one pass defended). A shoulder injury prevented him from starting in the second half of that season. Clark moved to cornerback as a junior, starting seven times over the course of the year (21 stops, three interceptions).	Exciting size and length outside. Is an imposing figure in press coverage. Maximizes arm length when attacking passing lanes. Ball skills are solid. Athletic enough to play in multiple coverages. Displays necessary timing for high-point disruption even in a retreat. Able to maintain his feel for route down the field. Has a make-up gear when beaten and can close out separation distance. Looks to run through the receiver and deliver some thump after the catch. Heads up tackler looks to attack the legs and wrap-up. Has potential to challenge for a role as gunner or jammer on special teams.
								Leggy transitions can put him behind when forced to open and run. Tends to bend at the waist and lean into receivers when matching their release. Lacks fluidity to recover quickly when beaten by route fakes. Will struggle to stick with complex routes. Doesn't always play to his size. Slow to disengage from perimeter blocks. Too passive on the perimeter and needs an angrier heart against the run. Needs to improve his lower body strength. Season-ending ACL tear will likely prevent him from running and proving his speed pre-draft. 
							
2017	Tarik Cohen	2558250	RB	North Carolina A&T	While only a bit over 5-foot-6 and 175 pounds, Cohen was one of the most productive running backs at the FCS level the past four seasons. The MEAC's all-time leading rusher (5,619 yards) and first three-time conference Offensive Player of the Year was an All-American in 2016, setting a school record with 1,588 yards and 19 touchdowns on 212 carries (37-339, one TD receiving). Cohen was a third-team All-American as a junior (264-1,543, 15 TD rushing; 25-217 receiving) and led the MEAC in scoring as well as rushing in 2014 (197-1,340, 15 TD rushing; 25-237, one TD receiving). Though he started only six games as a freshman, Cohen managed to run for 1,148 yards and eight scores on 195 attempts (11-152, one TD receiving).	Nicknamed "The Human Joystick" for his ability to make seemingly impossible cuts. Plays with unpredictable movements. Can turn any play into a random game of "connect the dots." Rare ability to stop and start. Cuts are just as seamless and sharp from any direction. Field vision is excellent. Has lateral escapability to put would-be tacklers on his highlight tapes. Gifted with unusually large hands and a powerful lower body that enhances his contact balance and ability to drive for extra yardage. Very good acceleration pulls him away from tacklers and into the clear. Relentless competitor. Had four touchdown runs of 83-plus yards this season. A true weapon out of the backfield that will be tough to matchup with. Has good hands and is very slippery in space.
								Falls below the size standards expected from the position. Overwhelmed slower and less talented competition. Benefitted from heinous angles to the ball from tacklers he faced. Way too eager to take plays off script. Wants to swing for the fences on every snap and will have to learn when to hit singles. Too eager to bounce everything. Takes his share of negative yardage carries. Feet are electric, but footwork and run track on zone plays needs work. Takes big hits from big men when trying to fight out of tackles and squeeze out extra yards. Stature and short arms make him a tougher target for quarterbacks. Has almost no experience as a punt or kick returner on special teams. 
							
2017	Aviante Collins	2558251	OT	TCU	Collins' father, Bill, and brother, Lavon, have made their name as sprinters for TCU track and field. Aviante's (AH-vee-on) large frame, however, made him a better fit on the offensive line for the Horned Frogs. He became a starter immediately, playing in every game at right tackle (10 starts) and left tackle (three starts). His versatility showed again in 2013, as he played in 12 games, starting the first three games at left tackle and the final six on the right side. Collins' career took a dip, however, as he only suited up eight times as a junior (one start at left tackle), and then played in the first three games of the 2015 season before redshirting due to injury. He bounced back in his final year in Fort Worth, however, starting every game at right tackle.	Comes from athletic bloodlines so his quickness and ease of movement should come as no surprise. Height and arm length are below average for tackle position. Has lateral quickness for reach blocks and has the feet to keep his block tied to inside shoulder on play-side blocks. Is diligent with his feet looking to work them into optimal position after initial contact as run blocker. Overcomes some of his power deficiency with footwork and body control. Has an accurate radar to strike a blow on open field targets when asked to pull. Able to mirror in pass sets and stay connected to defender. Plays with some edge in his game. Finishes his blocks and not afraid to get a little chippy with opponents. 
								Frame could use more mass and definition. Somewhat narrow through shoulders and hips and may not have the frame to carry desired weight. Pad level coming off the ball is a little too high. Needs to do a better job of bending his knees and looking to strike from a leveraged position on second level. Is a little light in the power department. Below average as base blocker. Fear of being overwhelmed by power leads to wide, bear-hugging hands. Lacks discipline in his pass sets and will cross feet over to chase edge rushers. May be zone-only fit.
							
2017	Ethan Cooper	2558252	OL	Indiana (PA)	Poor grades and a poor physique cost Cooper scholarship offers coming out of high school. But his work ethic changed during his early college days, resulting in some legitimate NFL interest. He played in six games at guard as a true freshman, starting three of the last four contests of the year. Cooper started all 11 games inside as a sophomore, earning second-team All-Pennsylvania Scholastic Athletic Conference West Division honors. He was an All-American and first-team All-PSAC West as a junior starter at left guard in 2015 and then right tackle in 2016.	Big NFL-caliber frame. Thick from his calves to his shoulders. Has experience at both tackle and guard. Possesses good upper body power. Lateral quickness is adequate. Runs his feet through contact looking to turn opponent out of the hole. Plays with decent feet in space. Shows ability to adjust to moving targets on second level. Has desired body control and balance for his size. Scouts say he has good football intelligence with an understanding of defensive concepts. 
								Needs to work to keep pad level lower. Lack of bend and a little bit of a narrow base prevent him from getting as much drive at the point of attack as he should. Down blocks and work-up blocks tend to be more segmented and less rhythmic. Punch is a little wide and will need a more direct route to the frame. Has a tendency to let his weight get out in front of him in pass protection. Will take time to adjust to NFL level of competition for him.
							
2017	Darrell Daniels	2558253	TE	Washington	Daniels was the Co-Offensive Player of the Year for the Bay Valley Athletic League near San Francisco as a high school senior receiver, but his destiny was to be a college tight end. He moved to that position midway through his freshman year, when he played in all but one game and made three special teams tackles. Daniels played in 11 games as a sophomore, starting four and catching 11 passes for 171 yards and a touchdown. He caught 19 passes as a part-time starter in 2015 (eight of 13 games played), running for 250 yards and a score. As a senior, Daniels earned honorable mention All-Pac-12 notice by gaining a career-high 307 yards and three scores on 17 receptions. He started six of the conference champion Huskies' 14 games.	Has absolutely freakish physical attributes. Arm length and hand size would be considered outstanding for an offensive tackle. Stretches high and outside his frame to make the catch. Hands are supple and strong and the ball tends to stick to them at impact. Plucks it away from his body and can secure through contact. Carded a verified sub 4.50 40-yard dash during spring. Short strider, but feet turn over rapidly to propel him down the field. Can work the third level. Adjusts his path to off-target deep throws. Team-first player and vocal leader. Has successful stint as a cover man on special teams in his background.
								Doesn't always play to his timed speed. Production is below expected level for his physical attributes. Had just 47 touches and five touchdowns over three years. Got open with speed alone and benefited from misdirection, play-action and borderline pick plays. Doesn?t use quality fakes and speed variances to create movement from safeties. Blocks with locked-out knees and little hip bend. Lacks physicality and aggressiveness be counted on as a blocker.
							
2017	Robert Davis	2558254	WR	Georgia State	Davis wasn't recruited heavily out of high school because he played in a run-oriented offense, but the relative of longtime Carolina Panther Thomas Davis finished his career as the Panthers' all-time leading receiver (beating Kansas City Chiefs Albert Wilson's records). He was the team's second-leading receiver as a true freshman (44-711, four touchdowns) and then garnered honorable mention All-Sun Belt honors in 2014 with 50 catches for 732 yards and two scores. The next two seasons, Davis was a first-team all-conference pick, averaging 16.1 yards per catch in 2015 (61-980, six TD) and leading the Sun Belt in receiving yards per game (77.8, 67-968) and averaging 43.8 yards on his five touchdowns in 2016.	NA	NA
2017	Dylan Donahue	2558255	DL	West Georgia	Dylan is the son of Mitch Donahue, who was the WAC Defensive Player of the Year in 1989 and 1990 for Wyoming and went on to play four years in the NFL. Donahue wears the same number 49 jersey as his dad. He ended up going the junior college route coming out of high school in Billings, Montana (where his dad owns a roofing company). He racked up 19 sacks in two years at Palomar College before heading to UWG for the 2015 season. Donahue impressed Wolves coaches enough to get on the field right away, and he received second-team Associated Press Little All-American team honors that season (52 tackles, 17.5 for loss, 12 sacks). He was the Gulf South Defensive Player of the Year in 2016, along with multiple All-American honors, after setting the conference record with 13.5 sacks (67 tackles, 20 for loss). He was also a finalist for the Gene Upshaw Award as the best lineman in Division II.	His footwork and lateral quickness puts him in position to go make a play. Uses slaps and chops to batter a tackle's punch and gain advantage on the edge. Comes off snap low and with good burst. Has flexible hips and good overall bend in lower half to unleash a more dynamic pass rush attack. Relentless forward charge that leads to second effort sacks and tackles. Pursuit continues down the field. Finds ball quickly and works to shed and tackle on time. Has range and athletic traits to transition to outside linebacker spot quickly. Posted monster production at West Georgia against run and pass. Comes from NFL bloodlines.
								Undersized and lacks NFL length. Short arms will always be a concern against tackles and tight ends with quick hands who can get into his frame first. Will struggle to take a stand and set a strong edge against NFL power. Hand usage is somewhat basic. Needs to work towards a Masters degree in hand fighting to counter his poor arm length. Has to rely on motor over power and skill to win second half of the rep. Face-up rusher who lacks desired speed-to-power element. Needs to add competent counter rush move.
							
2017	Ken Ekanem	2558256	DL	Virginia Tech	NA	Possesses power in his hands. Subtle but sharp with his two-hand swipe designed to brush a tackle's punch aside. Able to generate moderate pocket push with his bull-rush. Uses effective left hand stab, right hand chop rush move to soften the edge and turn the corner. Has lower center of gravity and leg strength push through the blocker's shoulder once he gets to an edge. Doesn't stay engaged with blocks for very long. Bodies up with a thud as a tackler. Has some experience standing and dropping into space. Productive sack man with a key-in motor over the last three seasons for the Hokies.
								Lacks height and length of a defensive end and may have to transition to 3-4 outside backer. Face-up, tight-hipped player. Long-armed tackles can stick him to the end of their jab and ride him out of the gap on run plays and up around the arc as a pass rusher. Doesn't get optimal explosion up the field out of his stance. Missing the flexibility and upper body turn to flip over the top as a rusher. Predictable rush track lacks an effective, inside counter. Below-average reactive quickness. Shifty runners leave him grasping and chasing. Closing burst is below average. 
							
2017	Jermaine Eluemunor	2558257	OL	Texas A&M	Eluemunor (eh-LOO-muh-nor) grew up in North London, coming over to the United States at the age of 14. He played rugby in England but moved to wrestling and football in his high school days in New Jersey. He went to Lackawanna College in 2012 and 2013, earning second-team all-conference honors in his second season. Eluemunor redshirted in 2014 and was a back-up at right guard and he continued to learn the game in 2015. He finally got on the field in his final year, showing great promise while starting 12 of 13 games, three at right guard and nine at right tackle.	Girthy, wide body with big bubble and exceptional weight room strength. Functional lateral quickness makes him scheme diverse. Has feet to mirror in pass pro. Has the active feet and movement ability in space to handle combo blocks. Well conditioned. Able to withstand Texas heat and Texas A&M's offensive pace. Has limited football experience and should continue to grow in knowledge and technique. Shows potential to improve with unlocking hips. Hand strength allows him to punch and snatch inside the frame and lock into opponents. Powerful upper body and good core strength provide ammo for sustaining blocks. Experience at right tackle creates roster flexibility.
								Came from overseas and still inexperienced relative to most at his position. Football instincts and intelligence are a work in progress. Has relatively short arms and small hands. Too much wasted motion with feet. Hops and bounces as drive blocker rather than sitting down and driving with powerful, choppy steps. Darting three techniques could be an early issue. Has some forward lean into pass sets. Carries hands very low before punching. Will need to play with compact, quick punch as a guard. Inside hand flies too far outside the frame. Lack of experience creates confusion against twists.
							
2017	Shelton Gibson	2558258	WR	West Virginia	NA	Flat. Out. Fast. Has run-by speed on the go routes and can create immediate separation over the top against cornerbacks who overestimate their acceleration. Saw 36 percent of his catches go for 25-plus yards over last two seasons. Ball skills and hand-eye coordination are substantially better down the field than on the short routes. Finds the deep throw quickly and makes necessary adjustments to ball flight to put himself in the best position to make the catch. Fear of his speed creates open, unchallenged throws underneath against spacious cushions. Athletic and not just a tight-hipped, straight line runner. Explosive leaper who can climb the ladder and extend way up over his head to snare the errant passes and bring them home. Has immediate gunner potential and can return kickoffs.
								Displays focus issues with his hands when working underneath. Had a case of alligator arms over the middle against Texas after taking a punishing hit a quarter earlier. Will need to learn to run more of the route tree and sharpen his skills as a route runner in general. Made a living on nine routes, posts, slants and curls. Gets to top gear quickly creating issues with excessive steps in his gear down into his breaks. Needs to do a better job of aggressively working back to the ball and scrambling with his quarterback into a catch-friendly area of the field.
							
2017	Shaquill Griffin	2558259	DB	Central Florida	Shaquill and his twin brother, Shaquem, are one of the best stories in college football. Both signed with UCF despite Shaquem having only one hand, and they've excelled for the Knights ever since. He played eight games as a true freshman, starting once (eight tackles, one pass break-up). Griffin played as a reserve in 2014, as well (17 tackles, one interception). He earned a starting role in his junior year, playing nine games at cornerback and two at safety (50 tackles, two interceptions -- one for TD, 13 PBU). Both brothers were among UCF's top defenders in 2016, with Shaquem winning the AAC's Defensive Player of the Year award and Shaquill being voted second-team all-conference (50 tackles, three TFL, team-high four INT and 15 PBU).	Has good size and strength. Has a disruptive punch and feet to impede in press coverage. Loose and athletic in his movement. Able to flip hips and match receivers without giving up much early separation in his transition. Allowed just 32.9 percent of throws his way to be completed. Possesses plus ball skills. Uses well-timed leaps and strong hands to challenge at the catch point. Is a rake it or take it cornerback with 34 passes defensed over the last two seasons, including six interceptions. Runs through targets looking to jar the catch loose. Aggressive in run support. Looks to play through receivers on the way to the ball. Can wrap up or chop down running backs.
								Long speed is very average and will allow some vertical separation against speedsters. Had difficulties staying with Michigan wide receiver Amara Darboh in Week 3 of this season. His instincts and anticipation are just average. Can be slow with pattern recognition on combo routes. Has issues maintaining his coverage distance from man-off. Plays tall in space limiting his transition quickness when attempting to mirror receivers out of their route breaks. Has to be careful not to lunge when trying to reroute receivers after their release.
							
2017	Keon Hatcher	2558260	WR	Arkansas	Hatcher was considered among the top receivers in the SEC at the start of the 2015 season, but just two games in (13-198 receiving), he broke his left foot. The Oklahoma native was a top 50 receiver prospect coming out of high school. He played in 10 games as a reserve in his first year in Fayetteville (3-21, TD), and then earned a part-time starting job in 2013 (27-346, two TD). Hatcher stepped up as a go-to guy in 12 starts as a junior, leading the team in receiving yards (43-558, six TD), which led to the high expectations going into his first senior year. His second senior year was a success, as he topped all Razorbacks in receiving yardage again (44-743, eight TD).	Stout build with plenty of muscle packed on his frame. Tough player who doesn't back down from physical corners. Plus foot quickness off the line of scrimmage. Swipes and slaps away jams and redirect attempts throughout his route. Natural, fluid athlete in space. Hands were reliable this season. Can make quick, stabbing grab of the football when he finds it late. Showed great concentration to finish catches in traffic against aggressive Alabama secondary. Effective working down the field with 80 percent of his catches going for first downs. Has field awareness to gear down route and wait for the throw when working near boundary. Has history of fighting through adversity.
								Needs to show better improvisation in adjusting routes. Goes where route takes him and will just bang into defenders. Plays tall through his patterns. Route work lacks crisp breaks and overall focus. HIs route fakes are unconvincing and won't get cornerbacks tilted in the wrong direction very often. Telegraphs double moves badly. Seem to be on different pages with his quarterback too often. Long speed is average and has trouble shaking cornerbacks on vertical routes. Will need to learn how to set up cornerbacks to create workable separation in NFL. Despite his size, wasn't asked to block very often for Hogs.
							
2017	Krishawn Hogan	2558261	WR	Marian (IN)	Hogan was barely a blip on the recruiting radar coming out of Warren High School in Ohio, but he had more catches and yards in his freshman season at Walsh University (32,393) than he did as a high school senior (20-216). Hogan then transferred to Marian, where he exploded on the NAIA scene with 82 receptions for 1,136 yards and 11 touchdowns. He earned the first of three first-team Mideast League honors that year, repeating the feat in 2015 (101-1,824, 16 TD receiving; 39-130, 15 TD rushing). The American Football Coaches Association named him a first-team All-American in his senior year (80-1,435 yards, 15 TD receiving; 23-43, 10 TD rushing; pass TD); he was also his conference's Offensive Player of the Year.	Very good size with athletic, muscular build. Touchdown juggernaut with 56 over the last two seasons alone. Good concentration when tracking the deep ball. Has long arms and big hands for extended catch radius and can adjust to throws behind his frame. Lauded for competitive mental makeup and work ethic in the offseason. Good athletic ability after the catch. Used near the goal line in direct-snap plays.
								Overwhelmed inferior level of competition on lower level. Will have to prove at the combine that he has the deep speed to gain vertical separation. Will need to polish route work for improved separation against NFL talent. Allows deep balls to come to him rather than consistently leaping and high-pointing.
							
2017	Mack Hollins	2558262	WR	North Carolina	Hollins owned a python and boa during high school and bred African Cichlid fish -- a hobby most college football players wouldn't consider. Before he set up his exotic pet store, however, he'll need to take a shot at becoming an NFL receiver. Hollins signed with Fork Union Military Academy out of high school, not because of grades or off-field issues, but because he wanted to be noticed by more schools in the recruiting process. It worked. He redshirted in Chapel Hill as a walk-on in 2012, then contributed on special teams (nine tackles) the following year, nearly leaving because he didn't yet have a scholarship. That changed soon, as Hollins garnered honorable mention All-ACC notice despite not starting a game as a sophomore (35-613, eight TD). He was a third-team all-conference pick in 2015, starting five of the last six contests (30-745, 24.8 per reception, eight TD). Unfortunately, he couldn't explode into the football stratosphere during his senior year due to a collarbone injury that required surgery (16-309, four TD in seven games).	Will have a team drooling over his size and speed. Propels himself down the field with smooth, long strides. Chomps up cushion and glides past corners and safeties before they know what hit them. Legitimate vertical threat who finished with 20 touchdowns on just 71 catches. Dangerous run-after-catch ability in on deep crossing routes and slants. Former walk-on who still has a desire to do whatever it takes. Special teams captain all four years at school. Had 20 special teams tackles over his first three seasons and offers punt and kick cover value on special teams.
								Played less than 50 percent of the offensive snaps in every season. Primarily used to stretch the field and doesn't have experience with a variety of routes. Still very raw. One speed route-runner who wins with just speed. Routes need more purpose. Not a natural hands catcher. Never produced more than 35 catches in a single season. Play strength through his patterns is below average and he can be re-routed. Leggy in underneath work and can be slow in and out of his breaks. Stalk-blocker who needs to give much better effort in run game.
							
2017	Hayden Hunt	2558263	P	Colorado St.	Hunt was a two-sport star at vaunted Long Beach Poly, an all-region placekicker, and four-time all-conference baseball player. He redshirt in 2012, then grabbed the job the next year (41.9 gross average, 14 punts inside the 20-yard line vs. four touchbacks). Hunt improved as a sophomore, earning honorable mention All-Mountain West honors (43.8 gross avg, 14 inside 20 vs four TB). A Ray Guy award finalist in 2015, Hunt ranked fifth in FBS in gross punting average (46.0 yards) and led the nation in net average (41.96) most of the year. The second-team All-Mountain West pick had 18 fair catches forced, 24 dropped inside the 20, and just a single touchback, all among the best figures in the country. Hunt was a first-team all-conference selection as a senior (44.3 gross avg., 40.9 net avg., 22 inside of 20, two TB) and also held for placements.	Four-year punter. Will dabble with rugby punts, but has talent as a base punter. Able to hit the ball with desired hang time when he's punting for placement. Consistent punter whose yards per punt rarely fluctuated from year to year. Has hit almost 48 percent of his punts inside the 20-yard line over last two seasons.
								Operation time can be way too slow. Has had three punts blocked in his career. Has a bad habit of shuffling feet and taking excess baby steps after catching a low snap. Fair catch totals are a little lower than desired.
							
2017	Cameron Johnston	2558264	P	Ohio St.	Johnston is another Australian import who played Aussie Rules football until the age of 21 when he showed up in Columbus to claim the open job. It didn't take him long to earn fans' trust, as he led the Big Ten with 44 gross yards per punt, forced 24 fair catches in 49 boots, putting 31 of them inside the 20-yard line (63.3 pct mark led the FBS) against just two touchbacks. Johnston was an honorable mention all-conference selection the following year, increasing his gross average (45.1), forcing 17 fair catches on 48 kicks and placing 26 inside the 20. As a junior, Johnston was second-team All-Big Ten (43.9 gross average, 21 fair catches, 26 inside the 20 and seven TB). He then moved up to a second-team All-American spot and Ray Guy Award finalist in his senior year (46.7 gross avg., 24 fair catches in 56 punts, 26 inside the 20, five TB).	Has some experience (and training) as a conventional punter. Produced solid fair catch percentage when allowed to hang the ball for placement. Struck the ball with very good consistency this year, eliminating most shanks. Averaged 46.7 yards per kick in 2016. His net of 43.9 was second in college football. Has hit at least one 70-plus yard punt in three of four seasons.
								Rugby style is his primary operation as a kicker. Will have to prove he can kick conventionally and with hang time. Never averaged hang time over four seconds over last three seasons. Can eliminate some touchbacks.
							
2017	D.J. Jones	2558265	DT	Mississippi	D.J. (David, Junior) Jones is a short, stout, and athletic nose tackle who excelled for the Rebels the past two seasons but didn't earn all-conference honors from SEC coaches or media. The South Carolina native was a top-five junior college recruit nationally after starring at East Mississippi Junior College (21.5 tackles for loss, 12 sacks in two years), which won two national championships while he was here. Jones played in every game in 2015, starting three, making 40 tackles, 5.5 for loss, and four sacks. Rebels coaches started him all 12 games in his senior year (30 tackles, three TFL, two sacks).	Has a big bubble and plays with a wide base. Outrageous weight room strength with monster numbers in clean, bench, and squat. Plays low and fires upward strikes to elevate the blocker's center of gravity. Has the play strength to rip through an edge once he gets to it. Has quick hands and is nice with the swim move. Has necessary play traits to be an effective rusher in the twist game. Rare reactive athleticism and short-area lateral quickness for an interior player. Extended tackle radius allows him to close out running lanes away from his gap. Keeps hounding runners down the field for the tackle. Instinctive and quickly sniffs out screen passes. Very rarely on ground.
								Has a stocky frame with short arms and lacks the length teams like. Lack of size could be an issue against NFL double teams. Motor gets him too juiced at times. Needs to gather himself to prevent running past his target. Was unable to overpower strong guards in man-to-man contest. Productivity fell way off over the second half of the season. Despite his impressive athleticism, lacked impact tackle production.
							
2017	George Kittle	2558266	TE	Iowa	Kittle's Hawkeyes ties are strong, as his father, Bruce, was a co-captain on Iowa's 1982 Rose Bowl team. One cousin, Jess Settles, was an excellent basketball player for Iowa in the mid-nineties and another is former Iowa and current Denver Broncos tight end Henry Kreiger-Coble. Kittle redshirted in 2012, played in a reserve role in 2013 (5-108 receiving) and 2014 (1-25 receiving). He shared playing time in 2015, starting six of 14 games, catching 20 passes for 290 yards and a team-high six receiving touchdowns. Kittle was an honorable mention All-Big Ten pick last season (11 starts, 22-314, four TD), even though he was limited by a foot injury the second half of the year.	Has broad shoulders and waist with a durable frame. Plays in pro-style attack and approaches blocking like an offensive lineman. Comes off the ball with good pad level and strikes with leverage and hands inside opponent's frame. Blocks with good technique and has footwork to get to reach blocks and combos. Hands are confident and sure with just one drop against 48 catches. Able to make sudden body adjustments to poorly thrown balls. Flashes vertical speed to become a seam worker. Physical runner after the catch with more wiggle than you would expect.
								Patterns are inconsistent and he rarely tilts defenders at the top of his routes. Could generate better separation with improved route leverage. Route breaks can be too easy to decipher. Plays fast but seems to be missing separation burst coming out of his breaks. Needs to work back to the ball harder in space. Allows defenders a pathway to the throw rather than sealing them out of the passing lane. Has tendency to keep weight too far forward as run blocker creating opportunity for defender to pull him off-balance.
							
2017	Trevor Knight	2558267	QB	Texas A&M	Knight had the Aggies rolling in 2016, winning seven of eight games to start the year. However, he injured his throwing shoulder against Mississippi State and the team finished at 8-5. For the year, Knight completed just 53.3 percent of his passes for 2,432 yards, 19 touchdowns, and seven interceptions. He was the team's second-leading rusher as well, with 614 yards and 10 scores on 102 carries. Knight transferred from Oklahoma as a graduate student after the 2015 season (22-40, 305 yards, two TDs in six games), as two-time Heisman Trophy finalist Baker Mayfield had a grip on the starting job there. In 2014, Knight not only started 10 games (56.6 completion pct, 2,300 yards, 14 TDs, 12 INTs; 339 yards, five TDs rushing) but was a Wuerffel Trophy finalist for his academic and athletic achievements. He sat out three games, however, after suffering transient quadriplegia (a stinger that affects both sides of the body) against Baylor. The four-star recruit from San Antonio actually started five times as a true freshman (59.0 completion pct, 819 yards, nine TDs, five INTs; 445 yards, two TDs rushing).	Looks the part with a muscular, athletic build. Has the ability to hurt teams with his legs or extend plays outside of the pocket before striking downfield. May possess packaged play potential with zone-read capabilities on short yardage. Able to generate velocity on intermediate throws. Kept a clean sheet on his short passing attempts with 10 touchdowns and no interceptions.
								One of the least accurate starting quarterbacks in college last season. Operates in the pocket with an excessively wide base as a passer. Has an elongated pitcher's windup and his arm slot drops down slightly below a three-quarter release. Location of his throws is a coin-flipper from snap to snap. Struggles mightily to attack outside the hashes. Lacks anticipation as a passer and allows defensive backs to close out throwing windows.
							
2017	Javarius Leamon	2558268	OL	South Carolina St.	Leamon was a top-30 offensive tackle prospect nationally from Woodruff, South Carolina, and originally signed on to play at Clemson. He couldn't qualify academically to play at Death Valley, so off to South Carolina State he went. Leamon was a second-team All-MEAC pick as the Gamecock's starting left tackle in 2016 after making the first-team all-conference squad as a junior. He was a part-time starter at left tackle as a redshirt freshman (played in 11 games, starting final three games) and sophomore (six starts in seven games), as well.	Could use more work in the weight room, but has an NFL frame with good length. In general, does a pretty good job of playing to his length, Shoots a well-timed inside hand as his initial punch. Will generate some push when firing into his down blocks. Plays with adequate body control in all of his movements. Had enough radar on the second level to find and land on his targets.
								Lacks foot quickness to handle edge speed or redirect his weight and catch inside moves. Defaults to waist-bending at the top of the pass rush after rather than continuing to work his feet. Lacks power and authority in his hands. Has issues sustaining blocks for very long. Leaves his feet behind his pads as drive blocker limiting his balance and block sustain. Lacks functional recovery ability when beaten. Pass rushers can play through his inside post.
							
2017	Mitch Leidner	2558270	QB	Minnesota	Mitch and Matt Leidner didn't get to play together much during their time with the Gophers. Mitch was a three-plus-year starter at quarterback, but Matt was a third-team center most of 2016. Injuries in the pivot put them both on the field against Washington State in the Holiday Bowl, which the Gophers won 17-12. Mitch got four starts in 10 games as a redshirt freshman (43-78, 619 yards, three TDs passing: 102-407, seven TDs rushing) before earning the full-time job the next season (51.5 completion pct., 1,798 yards, 11 TDs, eight INTs; 452 rush yards, 10 TDs). He had his best season in 2015, starting every game (59.5 completion pct, 2,701 yards, 14 TDs, 11 INT; 270 yards, six TDs rushing).  Leidner regressed a bit his senior season, completing just 56.4 percent of his passes for 2,169 yards and eight scores (throwing 12 interceptions) while rushing for 366 yards and 10 touchdowns.	Possesses NFL size with broad shoulders, good strength in his lower half, and big hands. Has experience under center and in a pro-style attack. Can roll left or right and throws with squared shoulders. Good ball-handling in his play-fakes and can throw with adequate touch on the long balls. Gets rid of the ball rather than taking the sack. Will stand in and take the hit to deliver his throw. Competitive runner and good decision-maker when asked to operate zone-reads. Logged 33 rushing touchdowns over his four-year career.
								Intermediate accuracy was very poor. Stares down his targets allowing linebackers and safeties to jump the throws early. Set-up and release are too slow which tends to neutralize field-side anticipation throws. Inconsistent at leading receivers. Had underthrown deep balls rob him of long touchdown passes. Too hesitant to cut the ball loose and challenge safeties over the top. Finished with just 37 pass attempts of 21-plus yards. Velocity is below average and throws tend to nose-dive. Muscles his throws with upper-body. Pats ball pre-delivery. 
							
2017	Corey Levin	2558271	OL	Tennessee-Chattanooga	Levin's father, Grant, played collegiate golf at Florida International. Corey's size and strength probably allow him to bang the ball off the tee, but his professional future likely lies on another field of grass. After a strong high school career in Georgia, Levin redshirted his first year in Chattanooga before not only winning the starting job as a freshman, but earning Southern Conference All-Freshman notice. The next two seasons, Levin started all 27 games, splitting time between left tackle and left guard, and was named the Jacobs Blocking Trophy winner as SoCon's top offensive lineman each year. He was a second-team Associated Press All-American as a junior and senior, and was also a first-team All-SoCon pick in 2016 holding down the left guard spot in every contest. 	Has big hands with good strength in them. Hand placement in running game is solid and consistent. Fluid in his lateral movement. Operates with desired foot quickness and body control both laterally and when working up to the second level. Athletic in space. Has ability to adjust his blocks against moving targets and can handle screen blocking responsibilities. Patient with a compact punch that has some pop behind it. Hands and feet work in unison. Very aware against twists and does a good job of passing and catching them.
								Needs to be faster with his hands. Has a little bit of a wind-up in his punch. Got consistently behind in the rep against Alabama defenders who were beating him in race for first hands-on. Does too much leaning and not enough lifting through his hips after initial contact. Can improve his recovery ability with better footwork rather than just trying to hang with hands. Doesn't have the drive strength to get much movement as a drive blocker against talented opposition.
							
2017	William Likely	2558272	DB	Maryland	Likely considered leaving Maryland after a very successful junior season, but returned to play one more season with his teammates. He started at cornerback the first six games of the year (32 tackles, four for loss, three pass breakups), also starting at receiver in two contests (one catch for a loss of five yards, two carries for 15 yards). Unfortunately, Likely's year was cut short after he suffered a torn right ACL on a kick return against Minnesota; he finished the year with 219 yards on eight kick returns and 26 yards on eight punt returns. His return skills earned him All-American honors and the Big Ten Return Specialist of the Year award in 2015 (23-408, two TDs on punts -- 233 yards, TD vs. Richmond in the season opener; 35-789, one TD on kicks), as he ranked third in the FBS in punt return average (17.7). He was also a second-team All-Big Ten cornerback as a junior (44 tackles, four TFL, 11 pass breakups). Likely was a first-team all-conference defender in 2014, picking off six passes and scoring twice on returns (he also made 83 tackles, four TFL, and broke up nine other passes). Even as a freshman, the 2012 Palm Beach Post High School Defensive Player of the Year made an impact. He led the team with seven passes defensed, including one interception, and made 70 tackles (4.5 for loss).	Quick-twitch athlete with springy feet. Has feet and balance to transition his movement in any direction without losing his quickness. Elite lateral quickness should allow him to soak up shifty slot receivers out of their release. Able to mirror and match complex routes. Has instant burst to restrict throwing windows. Plays with plus instincts and anticipation and rarely takes false steps. Always looking to take a path to throw rather than defaulting to the receiver. Has feisty play demeanor. Extremely competitive and plays with a great deal of confidence. Will chop, scrape and dig at the ball to disrupt the catch. Will circumvent perimeter blockers and get after running backs and wide receiver screens as close to the backfield as possible. Outstanding talent as both a punt and kick returner.
								Extremely short for the position. Will get big-boyed in space when posted up. Teams will likely look for ways to match him up against size on the next level. Will take the worst of it when trying to tackle big running backs headed downhill towards him. Has had injuries to his ankle, shoulder and now his knee (ACL tear). His size raises obvious durability concerns. His aggressiveness will make him a target for out-and-ups and Sluggo (slant-and-go) routes. Will lose sight of running plays, at times, when he hyper-focuses on his slot coverage.
							
2017	T.J. Logan	2558273	RB	North Carolina	Teammate Elijah Hood received most of the headlines for the Tar Heels' running game the past few seasons, but Logan's contributions were not overlooked by NFL scouts. Considered one of the top all-purpose running back recruits out of high school, Logan lived up to that reputation during his career in Chapel Hill. He started four of nine games played as a true freshman (93-533, four TDs rushing; 10-124 receiving), and had 511 yards on just 19 kick returns, including two touchdowns. Logan was a nine-game starter in 2014, rushing for 582 yards and three touchdowns on 119 carries as well as contributing as a receiver (26-144) and kick returner (16-405). Hood prevented Logan from starting a game in his junior year, but he still provided an offensive spark when given a chance (66-416, five TDs rushing; 11-151, one TD receiving; 21-492 kick returns). Logan was rewarded by league media in 2016 for his outstanding work as an all-purpose player (120-675, seven TDs rushing; 29-244, three TDs receiving; 21-690, two TDs on kick returns).	Contain-buster who has a nitrous gear that rockets him to and around the corner on sweeps. Accesses top gear quickly when bursting downhill and can make defenses feel it if he's untouched into second level. Has rhythmic feet to make directional changes without much change in his pace. Decent lateral quickness in his cuts. Has some toughness in him. Willing to drop his shoulder and challenge cornerbacks and safeties when finishing his run. Offers third down value. Can sort through defensive fronts and find his protection responsibility. Able to split out or can match-up linebackers with wheel routes. Had just one drop against 66 catches over last three years. Exciting kick return talent who can change the momentum of a game. Hits his top speed early and looks to get it downhill quickly.
								Change-of-pace running back who lacks desired size to play through contact. Won't be able to create additional yardage with lower body power. Vision and feel is just average as an interior runner. Will choose the wrong path and dash into traffic. Needs a clearly defined running lane to unleash him. Tends to keep runs play-side and needs to play with better vision for cutback lanes. Could be typecast as a scat-back who needs to work from gun formation packages. Fumble rate over last two seasons of once every 37 carries is a concern. Can be too loose with the ball carrying it away from his body.
							
2017	Shalom Luani	2558274	S	Washington St.	NA	Two-year production including 157 tackles and eight interceptions will catch your eye. Former soccer player with good balance and footwork in space. Displays good reactive quickness in his transition to the football. Excels in zone coverage underneath. Plays with good route anticipation and will jump the routes. Reads quarterbacks and is willing to break off coverage and overlap into another area to make a play on the ball. Has timing and hands to make consistent plays on the football when he's in position. 
								Teams will have trouble trusting him as a tackler. Has been tagged with 31 missed tackles and 11 broken tackles allowed in just two seasons. Instincts against the run are below average and he'll take poor angles to the ball. Too eager to fill rather than waiting for running back to commit to a run lane. Not a form tackler. Needs a more square-up, wrap-up approach. Loses track of deep ball responsibilities, at times, when asked to play on the back end. 
							
2017	JoJo Mathis	2558275	OLB	Washington	NA	Has experience standing and with hand in the ground. Has ankle flexion to bend and corner when attacking around the edge. Good forward lean and arm extension gives him effective starting point for speed-to-power rush. Plays with an edge. Used time recovering from foot injury to begin to reshape his body. Flashes good upper body strength when setting an edge. Able to ragdoll finesse tight ends around. Has hands and power to work from block to block when shedding and searching for the ball. Instincts are above average. Makes quick diagnosis against screens and zone-reads. Marriage and birth of his child have provided stability and maturity.
								On the short side with below average arm length. Has limited amounts of tape and production. Body composition is below average. Soft in his lower body and through his midsection. Missing explosive get-off to consistently threaten an NFL edge. Needs a more developed pass rush attack including a formidable counter. Moves like he's wearing heavy shoes. Lacks quick-twitch and bouncy feet for sudden change of direction. Pursuit quickness needs work. Maturity issues have plagued him for much of his career. Missed much of the season with a foot injury that will have to pass the combine medicals.
							
2017	Art Maulet	2558276	DB	Memphis	Maulet was an all-state soccer player, an all-district punter, and a cornerback while in high school. His footwork will be more coveted by NFL scouts in the secondary than on special teams, however. Maulet began his collegiate career at Copiah-Lincoln Community College, earning second-team all-Mississippi junior college notice as a sophomore (five interceptions, 20 pass breakups) and starting all nine games as a freshman (37 tackles, one INT). He played in all 13 games for Memphis after joining the team in 2015, starting eight games, making 38 tackles, intercepting two passes and leading the team with seven pass breakups. Maulet became a defensive team leader for the Tigers in 2016, racking up 73 stops, 7.5 for loss, 4.5 sacks, two forced fumbles, two interceptions, and a team-leading 13 pass breakups. He had 11 tackles and three sacks against Western Kentucky in the Boca Raton Bowl.	Showed immense improvement in coverage from last year to now. Understands speed limitations and does a better job of protecting himself. Has decent press mechanics. Can match receivers across the field out of their release. Reads quarterback and shadows his eyes from zone. Always looking to creep on throws underneath when playing off. Good arm length and hand size for his frame. Explosive leaper. Can challenge and defeat much taller receivers in defending the high-point throw. Takes a direct line to the ball in challenging the catch. Good hand-eye coordination helps him swipes throws away. Shows some grit as a tackler.
								Has a history of getting torched on the deep throw. Struggles with acceleration after opening hips to sprint with receivers down the field. Allows insurmountable separation if he's not diligent in his retreat. Aggressive, ball-hawking style underneath opens him to damage over the top. Can be big-boyed in space by bigger targets. Shows slight delay in reaction quickness when attempting to break on the ball from a backpedal or shuffle.
							
2017	Bradley Northnagel	2558277	LS	California	Northnagel was a multi-sport star in high school, earning honors as a baseball pitcher, lettering in basketball as well as earning first-team all-county notice on the gridiron. He signed with Cal as a long-snapper, but also contributed at fullback and offensive/defensive line while patiently waiting for the job to open up. He played in four games as a sophomore in 2014 as a reserve fullback, but then took over the snapping duties in all 13 games as a junior. He snapped in all 12 games as a senior, as well, going without a bad snap over those two seasons at the position. 	NA	NA
2017	Ifeadi Odenigbo	2558278	DL	Northwestern	Ifeadi Odenigbo (if-AH-dee o-DEN-uh-bo) came to Northwestern as one of the top recruits in the country, even though as the son of Nigerian immigrants he didn't participate in football until his sophomore year of high school. Statistically, Odenigbo made an impact as a pass-rushing specialist in his first three years, bringing down the quarterback 13.5 times among his 29 tackles in 36 games from 2013-2015. He may have made a similar impact as a true freshman in 2012, but redshirted after suffering a season-ending injury in the opener. Odenigbo bulked up for his senior year, allowing him to garner honorable mention All-Big Ten accolades (22 tackles, 12 tackles for loss, 10 sacks, two forced fumbles). He even got to play against his younger brother, Tito, who is a rising junior defensive tackle for Illinois.	Burly build with good power in his lower half and grown-man strength in his play. Bonafide "Mr. Bull-rush" off the edge. Bends knees into contact to work under a tackle's pads. Will land a long-arm stab or a two-hand push and then drive from his hips to walk tackles back into the quarterback. Began to flash an effective counter-spin back inside once he hit the top of his rush arc. Has the play strength to reduce inside as a rusher and fight through redirect blocks on the edge. Needs technique work, but has the strength to battle at the point of attack as run defender.
								Used primarily as a pass rushing specialist. Career production against the run was disappointing. Needs to learn how to set a stronger edge to help contain against the run. Allows tight ends to stay connected to him for too long as blockers. Missing stride length and upfield burst to carry him up and around the corner as a rusher. Very limited selections on his pass rush menu. Too content to sustain a bull rush rather than improve his standing with coordinated effort between his feet and hands.
							
2017	Zach Pascal	2558279	WR	Old Dominion	Most college football programs viewed Pascal as a cornerback prospect coming out of high school, but he proved his ability to make plays on offense during his four years at ODU. He was a five-game starter as a redshirt freshman, making 41 catches for 534 yards and six touchdowns that season. Pascal started every game the next year, finishing second on the team with 59 receptions for 734 yards and seven scores. He was the team's focal point on offense in 2015, earning second-team All-Conference USA notice for his receiving (68-970, eight TDs), rushing (15-165, TDs) and return (20-440 on kickoffs) skills. Pascal duplicated the second-team all-conference effort last season, again making plays in multiple ways (65-946, nine TDs receiving; 23-145 rushing; 12-315 kick returns) and becoming the school's all-time receptions leader (233).	Showed consistent growth and production as a player. Took on a high percentage of offensive touches as both a receiver and a runner. Routes feature a sharp stick-and-stem at his break to create a quick throwing window for quarterbacks. Hands-catcher who snatches it away from his body unless he needs to secure in traffic. Good awareness to drop feet in bounds near sideline. On deep balls, has a good feel for where defensive backs are and will stack them on his hip and hold them there while he prepares to make the catch. High-point deep ball skills with ability to create some late separation with his body.
								Plays with a duck-footed running style. Long strider off the line of scrimmage. Could struggle to find the foot quickness necessary to shake free of press coverage. Needs a long runway to build up his play speed. Is a little slow getting in and out of his breaks. Lacking the route sharpness to uncover against NFL-caliber cornerbacks. Level of competition did not prepare him for the athletes and speed he will be facing on Sunday.
							
2017	Hayden Plinke	2558280	TE	Texas-El Paso	It took time, and two transfers, for Plinke to find the right college fit. He was the top high school tight end recruit from Oregon in 2011, and grayshirted at Boise State that fall. Plinke played in six games in 2012 for the Broncos (2-20) but decided to transfer closer to home at Portland State. He was a dual offensive threat for the Vikings in 2013 (27-191, one TD rushing; 3-65 receiving) but again thought he needed a new home. He sat out the 2014 season as a transfer redshirt, then exploded onto the scene as a starter in his first year on the field with the Miners. Plinke was the team's second-leading receiver (37-405) and landed a spot on the honorable mention All-Conference USA squad. He brutalized defenders on his way to first-team all-conference notice in 2016, leading UTEP with 38 receptions for 456 yards and eight scores.	Good build with well-proportioned frame. Was heavily targeted over the last two seasons as a possession tight end. Able to work in-line, from the slot and as a move tight end. Has some straight-line speed when he has a long runway to work with. Able to outrun some linebackers on drag routes. The more space he has to operate with, the more separation he can create. Plays big over the middle and can handle punishing hits and can dish them out after the catch. Has some spunk as a blocker. Willing to mix it up all the way through the whistle. Works hard to try and sustain blocks and has potential to get better.
								Hand-eye coordination is below average. Allows the ball to beat him up as a pass catcher and had seven drops over last two seasons. Uncovered thanks to drag routes, misdirection and shallow crossing routes. A little slow getting into his routes and out of his breaks. Doesn't have the twitch to accelerate out of his breaks for early separation. Catch radius is below average and he needs balls thrown to his frame. Hand placement and punch is below average as a blocker.
							
2017	Michael Rector	2558281	WR	Stanford	A three-sport star in high school (23 goals in soccer as a junior and was a sprinter on the track team), Rector hopes to follow former Stanford receiver Doug Baldwin as an underrated NFL prospect who prospers at the next level. After a redshirt season, he was Stanford's Most Outstanding Freshman in 2013 (three starts, 14-431, three TDs). He played in 13 games as a reserve the next season (24-324, two TDs), and then became a starter in his junior year (34-559, seven TDs), scoring twice in the Rose Bowl against Iowa. In his second year as a starter in 2016, Rector's numbers were down as the team's passing game struggled (32-367, three TDs receiving; 5-71, one TD rushing; 4-48 kick returns). 	Has the vertical juice necessary to force cornerbacks into a hasty retreat. Is able to open up his stride length and chomp up cushion quickly to race past defenders and into open space. Speed creates opportunities for easy opening on deep outs and intermediate, in-breaking routes. Despite inconsistencies with hands, is able to secure a strongly contested catch from time to time. Will give an honest effort as a blocker.
								Early with his head turn into route breaks telegraphing his intentions. Has struggled with drops in three of his four years at Stanford. Inconsistent catching the easy, leading throw outside his frame. Almost never catches the point of the ball and allows it into his frame. Straight-line speed merchant who lacks lateral agility. Doesn't have much wiggle after the catch and goes down too easily. Ball skills are below average down the field.
							
2017	Rushel Shell	2558282	RB	West Virginia	Shell had big expectations as a five-star recruit heading to Pitt in 2012, coming off a high school All-American career where he set the Pennsylvania state record with 9,078 yards and 110 touchdowns. After one season with the Panthers (141-641, four TDs rushing; 9-103 receiving), Shell decided to transfer. He was prevented from going with Todd Graham, who left Pitt for Arizona State, and then committed to UCLA. But at the last minute Shell wanted to stay close to home to be around his young twin daughters. Once new head coach Paul Chryst stated Shell would not be welcomed back, Shell moved on to West Virginia. He redshirted in 2013, and then led the Mountaineers in rushing (176-788, seven TDs), contributed as a receiver (21-140) while starting eight of 12 games played. Shell only started three games in 2015 (161-708, eight TDs rushing; 16-101 receiving) and only suited up for 10 games as a senior (113-514, five TDs rushing; 12-100 receiving) while fighting an ankle injury. 	NA	NA
2017	Sojourn Shelton	2558283	CB	Wisconsin	Despite being a four-star recruit and all-county pick in the Miami area, Shelton decided to take his game to Wisconsin. He was a four-year starter for the Badgers, beginning with an honorable mention All-Big Ten freshman season (36 tackles, four interceptions, seven pass breakups), where his four picks ranked third in the nation among freshman. Shelton played in all 14 games, starting 12, in 2014, making 33 tackles and breaking up six passes. He earned honorable mention all-conference notice again in his junior year (29 tackles, seven pass breakups) and second-team All-Big Ten in 2016 (27 tackles, four interceptions, 12 pass breakups).	Four-year starter with excellent pattern recognition. Has talented feet. Ability to mirror-and-match receivers throughout the route is up there with Tre'Davious White from LSU. Eyes are balanced keying between the receiver and quarterback. If he sniffs a route break from off-coverage, he'll prepare to jump the route. Instinctive with lightning quick reaction time. Has closing burst to make a play on throws in front of him and long speed to check deep threats around the field. Willing to peel off of his coverage and range over to help play the ball or make a play on the pass catcher. Has the athletic ability to make the transition to full-time slot cornerback.
								Undersized with thin lower body. Can be pushed around by bigger receivers through the route. Jump balls will be a challenge. Flagged with 15 pass interferences during career. Doesn't have length to contest as many throws as he could. Needs to turn and find the ball a hair sooner when back is to the quarterback. Poor tackler this season. Finesse player who doesn't get finishing pop behind pads. Can be erased from the play by physical, run-blocking receivers. Not a return man and too small to offer viable special teams cover value.
							
2017	Pita Taumoepenu	2558284	DL	Utah	Pita Taumoepenu (peet-tuh tao-mo-eh-pen-new) was born in Texas, his family moved to Tonga when he was three (where he learned to play rugby), and eventually made his way to Provo, Utah to be an all-state pick with 25 sacks as a senior. The NCAA had some issues with the splitting of his high school career between two countries, but he wound up playing in seven games as a freshman in 2013, making six tackles, two for loss, and a sack on defense and special teams. Taumoepenu flourished as a pass-rush specialist for the next three years, starting with a 17-tackle, 5.5-sack effort as a sophomore. He had just nine tackles in 13 games as a junior, but six of them were quarterback takedowns. Earning four starts in 11 games in 2016, Taumoepenu had 34 tackles, nine for loss, and seven sacks (including three against Arizona State).	Quick-twitch athlete with light, bouncing feet. Able to stick his foot in the ground and redirect quickly to mirror change of direction from running backs and quarterbacks. Always looks to crash down inside and catch ball-carrier before he hits the hole. Plays with terrific urgency and a motor that is always humming. Relentless in his pursuit with a good closing burst to the ball no matter where he is on the field. Good explosiveness out of his stance and into his rush. If he times-up snap, can race up the field and beat a tackle around the edge. Uses a well-timed inside counter when he senses his opponent has set far enough up the field. Second-effort sack man. Has attributes to potentially shine on special teams.
								Undersized for the edge. Lacks upper body power and overall play strength to set a strong edge and will get caught inside losing contain responsibilities at time. When tackles clamp into his frame, he is unlikely to unhinge in a timely fashion. Has no chance of channeling speed-to-power as a pass rusher. Pass rush plan is lacking. Face-up rushing style will require cleaner hand usage to create some openings. Ducks head into contact as a tackler and allows too many broken tackles. Carries very little thud behind his pads as a tackler and is forced into wrap and drag finishing. Has just seven career starts.
							
2017	Nate Theaker	2558285	OG	Wayne St. (MI)	Theaker was an All-State pick in Michigan, but couldn't get more than passing glances from MAC schools. He took the scholarship offer from WSU, and hasn't looked back. He redshirted in 2011, then played in 10 games (starting one) at right tackle the following season. Theaker played in all 11 games as a sophomore, starting two at right tackle, before sliding over to the starting spot at right guard in nine of 10 games in 2013 (with one start at RT). He was a first-team All-Great Lakes Intercollegiate Athletic Conference selection as a junior, starting five games at right guard and then moving to right tackle because of injuries along the line. Theaker missed the 2015 season after having back surgery, but bounced back as the team's new starting left tackle last fall. He was named to the Associated Press' Little All-American squad after the season, while also receiving first-team all-conference and GLIAC Offensive Lineman of the Year awards.	Good overall size for a move inside. Has started at both tackle spots and at right guard. Fairly light on his feet when mirroring in pass protection. Teams may view him as an emergency tackle option in case of injury. Has decent upper body strength. Does a good job of approaching his block under control and framing it up at the point of attack.
								Doesn't unlock hips when drive blocking. Plays with an elevated pad level. Unable to bend and move laterally well enough to get his reach blocks taken care of. Plays with inconsistent base width that affects his contact balance. Needs to operate with better angles to improve his block security. Loses track of hand placement allowing them to slide outside the frame.
							
2017	Noel Thomas	2558286	WR	Connecticut	Thomas played for his father, Noel Sr., at St. Luke's School in New Canaan, Connecticut, and then decided to stay in-state for his collegiate career. Taking off his redshirt after the first month of his freshman season, he played in five games, making three catches for 32 yards. Thomas started five of 12 games played in 2014, leading the team with four receiving touchdowns on his 26 receptions that went for 305 yards. He was the Huskies' top receiver as a junior (54-719, three TDs) before breaking out during a senior campaign that saw him set the school record with 100 receptions. Thomas finished with 1,179 yards on the year, along with three touchdowns, and rushed for 60 yards on 13 attempts.	Displays some early speed in his get-off against off-man coverage. Has experience lining up inside and outside. At his best working in the seam and over the middle from the slot. Ball skills can be impressive depending on the game you watch. The more challenging the catch, the more elevated the ball skills become. Despite slightly shorter arms, gets every inch of extension from them when pulling in the high throw or diving for a deep pass. Makes well-timed adjustments to work into catch position on back shoulder throws. Has some "yards after catch" talent down when he's allowed to stride in open space.
								Short stepper. Has to take twice as many steps to work around press coverage. Gets caught and jammed by stiff jabs from aggressive press corners. Upright and rounded at his break points. Salesmanship in his route fakes is severely lacking. Cornerbacks will often run his routes for him. Needs to maintain vertical speed rather than gearing down to find ball. Lacks separation talent and defenders usually stationed nearby. Has just six touchdown catches over last 267 targets. Hands can go from impressive to lackluster in an instant.
							
2017	Michael Tyson	2558287	S	Cincinnati	Tyson had to live with the boxing jokes that get thrown his way once people hear his name, as they'd reference the infamous doings of the former heavyweight champion. His grandfather, father, and even his young son also share the name, so he's learned to live with it. Tyson didn't take long to get on the field, earning enough playing time to rack up 18 tackles and intercept two passes as a freshman. He started three of 13 games played in 2014, making 41 stops and defending one pass on the year, and played in 11 games as a junior (four starts, 32 tackles, two for loss, four pass breakups). Tyson got his chance as a full-time starter last fall, leading the team with five interceptions while making 46 tackles, 4.5 for losses, and breaking up five other throws.	Wrap-up tackler who lands chest first and drags ball carriers down quickly. Good finishing rate as a tackler and doesn't let many slip away. Attacks downhill once he diagnoses run. Prefers to meet running backs and receiver screens in the backfield when possible. Has experience covering the slot and playing zone underneath. Plays with adequate route anticipation. If receiver gives route away prematurely, he will respond. Defends throws with well-timed inside hand to disrupt catch point. Communicative on the field and plays with football intelligence.
								Hip tightness makes it hard to handle coverage in space. Defense allowed him to sit down in relatively small patch of grass to do much of his work. Slight hesitation in his downhill close-outs to the throw. Much better playing forward than backward. Slow to flip hips and run with any speed. Allows too much vertical separation on go routes. Tends to get lost when back is to the quarterback. Slow to get head around and find the football allowing receivers to make necessary adjustments. All five of his interceptions came in two games.
							
2017	Conrad Ukropina	2558288	K	Stanford	A Pasadena native, Ukropina followed the footsteps of his great uncle, Jim, which led north to play for the Cardinal. Jim caught passes as a tight end at Stanford, but Conrad's gifts were in his feet as he was an all-section kicker and punter in high school. As a walk-on redshirt freshman, Ukropina made 11 of 12 extra point attempts and two of four field goal tries in eight games. The next season his only action was to convert an extra point. He hadn't even received a scholarship yet when taking over kicking duties in 2015, converting all 67 extra point tries and 18 of 20 field goals (with a long of 52 yards). The honorable mention All-Pac-12 pick received his scholarship before the USC game that year, and fans all over Cardinal country thought he earned it with the 45-yard game-winner against Notre Dame. Ukropina was an honorable mention all-conference selection as a senior as well, going 22-for-27 on field goals and making all 34 extra points. He set school records for consecutive extra points with 108, as well as the career field goal percentage (82.4), and converted four field goals in his last collegiate game against North Carolina in the Sun Bowl.	NA	NA
2017	Tanner Vallejo	2558289	LB	Boise St.	The high school All-American from California was part of Boise's pipeline into the state that has fueled the team's ascension into the top tier of college football programs. He played in 11 games, starting six as a true freshman (51 tackles, 5.5 for loss, three pass breakups) after the team burned his redshirt two games into the year. Vallejo led the team with 100 tackles as a sophomore, including 16.5 for loss, three sacks, one interception and four pass breakups, garnering second-team All-Mountain West accolades and winning MVP awards for the MWC championship game (13 tackles, three TFL, pick-six) and Fiesta Bowl (14 tackles, 1.5 sacks). He was an honorable mention all-conference selection in 2015 (57 tackles, eight TFL, two forced fumbles, two blocked kicks), though he missed two games due to injury and was suspended for the team's bowl game for violating team rules. Vallejo struggled with injuries during his senior year, playing with braces on both arms at times before shutting it down after nine games in order to have surgery on his right wrist in November. He earned honorable mention All-Mountain West notice by making 69 tackles, six for loss, in just nine games. 	Team-first player who played through severe wrist pain for almost the entire season. Sophomore season proved how productive he could be when allowed to play in the middle. Instinctive and quick to anticipate play flow. Takes aggressive contain angle when needed. Has a good feel for most efficient path to the ball. Maintains run fits and looks to spill the ball wide whenever possible. Plays with reactive athleticism to break down and quickly redirect his weight into runners trying to cut back. Shows a willingness to take on lead blockers with a leveraged shoulder. Good play speed with range to chase from sideline to sideline. Athletic enough to handle deep Cover-2 drops if called on.
								Angular frame with very short arms and may not be able to carry much more functional mass. Has never matched production total from two seasons ago. Below average play strength. Will struggle to unlock from a strong punch and fight back into the play. Could have issues leveraging his gap in the NFL. Can be washed away if he doesn't trigger downhill and stay one step ahead of blockers. Lacks thud behind his pads as a hitter. Has had issues sliding off of tackles. Has had to deal with injuries over the last two seasons and had to shut it down this season due to worsening of his wrist injury suffered in September.
							
2017	Bobo Wilson	2558290	WR	Florida St.	NA	Plays with awareness and quick feet near sideline to stick the catch. Flashes big burst into routes and generates desired vertical push to force cornerbacks into an aggressive retreat. Natural acceleration allows him to uncover quickly on underneath work and intermediate crossing routes. Route work should improve with more coaching and dedication. Has good body control to reach way back and pluck throws behind him. Willing and able to work the middle of the field. Has both kick and punt return experience.
								Has issues getting off of press coverage. Will need to improve his route-running. Doesn't have much hip sink into his breaks and tends to run rounded routes. Head-turner inside his route giving away his break direction. Cornerbacks are able to climb back into the pattern and challenge his catches. Hands are too inconsistent. Struggles to secure contested catches. Missed the last half of the season due to foot injury that will need to be cleared at combine.
							
2017	Bug Howard	2558291	WR	North Carolina	NA	Big target with sure hands. Has just four drops over his four seasons at North Carolina. Finds open areas against zone and sits quickly while opening to find the pass. Willing to work middle of the field and can secure catch through contact. Gets in the way enough to make a difference as a blocker. Long frame can lock into cornerbacks and neutralizes them as a run blocker.
								Slow into his routes and could have issues countering press coverage. Tight-hipped in his movement. Looks awkward and unbalanced when attempting to sink into his breaks. Has no separation quickness out of his cuts and will have to wear tight man coverage like a sweater. Lacks functional speed to challenge corners who are squatting on his work underneath. Expected to run poorly at the combine.
							
2017	Drew Morgan	2558292	WR	Arkansas	NA	Good initial speed into his route. Very clever at setting up routes and has a good feel for using speed variance in footwork to open door to separation against man coverage. Smooth short-area quickness gets him into and out of his breaks quickly. Rarely telegraphs route intentions. Extremely tough and willing to take the licks to make catch over the middle. Adjusts to throws behind him with relative ease and can hoover the low throw without breaking stride. Shifty runner after the catch with fakes that throw tacklers way off the mark. Has feet for sudden stops.
								Can be pushed around inside the route and knocked off-balance. Quality press coverage can stymie him at the line. Can't run past cornerbacks on a straight go route. Doesn't have big separation burst out of his breaks. Can improve his positioning to keep defensive backs out of the catch. Throws himself off-balance coming out of some of his route fakes. Gets open early but may not have the traits to be a consistent finisher down the field. Averaged just 10.8 yards per touch.
							
2017	Cameron Lee	2558293	OG	Illinois St.	A three-sport star at Oakwood High School in Illinois, Lee holds school records for home runs and runs batted in, and was a 1,000-point scorer in basketball along with his all-county play on the gridiron. He walked on at ISU to focus on football, playing on the practice squad in 2013 and in 13 games as a reserve as a sophomore. Lee won the starting job at right guard as a junior, and then earned honorable mention All-Missouri Valley Football Conference honors as a starter at guard and right tackle.	Has long arms at the end of a well-proportioned, NFL-caliber frame. Always looking to finish his blocks when he's able to sustain. Will flash some edge to his play. Attempts to unlock hips and roll them into his run blocks. Plays with some upper body "wrestling strength" when it's time to maul. Pass sets with a wide base. Possesses natural anchor strength to battle back against bull-rush attempts. Sees and responds to twists. Keeps hands hanging in punch-ready position. Hands generally stay inside the frame of opponent.
								Pops up too tall after the snap. Poor pad level robs him of low-man status and ability to generate drive-blocking power. Has heavy feet and is slow into second-level blocks. Unable to mirror athletic interior rushers smoothly. Straight-legged pass setter with poor change of direction quickness. Waist-bending and leaning into blocks is a common theme throughout the tape. Has problems with body control and balance. Over-sets on the edges and allows his weight to drift outside of his frame. Tends to lead with his upper body in all aspects of his game. Needs to play with faster hands.
							
2017	Antony Auclair	2558711	TE		NA	Possesses some high-end physical traits with long arms and massive hands. Well put-together with good muscular build throughout his frame. Capable in-line blocker who attacks his work with an edge. Lands with proper hand placement and torques hips into opponent at impact. Runs feet through contact for extended block sustain. Out of stance and into routes smoothly. Has separation quickness to challenge linebackers in coverage. Has speed to attack down the field and shows toughness to haul in combat catches.
								Has very limited exposure to quality competition. Still learning technique and fundamentals as a run blocker. Needs to take better angles on his lateral blocks. Will allow defensive ends to cross his face too often. More of a mauler than a technician at this point. Is a little too upright in his routes and could use more knee bend. Limited hip sink into his breaks and routes are somewhat rounded. Average run-after-catch ability in open field.
							
2017	Jake Eldrenkamp	2558713	OG	Washington	NA	Good athlete. Plays with good bend and has easy, smooth movement skills. Shows off good lateral agility and quickness off the snap. Built for zone scheme. Has the feet to get to difficult reach blocks and work hips into place to seal his block. Able to stick defensive tackles on his inside shoulder and run his feet to keep them there. Takes quality angles up to second level. Hands are big and strong helping him sustain his blocks. Capable long- or short-pull blocker. Plays with good balance in pass sets and stays mirrored to defender. Pass punch lands inside and once he gets extension he keeps arms locked out.
								Possesses relatively narrow frame and may have issues adding and maintaining desired mass for interior. Needs to play on the move. Struggles to generate quality push at the point of attack as base blocker. Hands can swing a little too wide in run game. Tends to lean and push rather than roll hips into his blocks. Will chase twisters too deep and run himself out of position to catch the looper.
							
